I love D. Gabaldon's Outlander series, but I find myself struggling to be interested in some parts of this book. Can't wait for In My Own Heart's Blood to be released, though, so I'm rereading the series.
This book was great as a intro into programming with C++. It covers the basics really well and has plenty of examples of programs using concepts that they introduce and slowly build upon each other. It's structured pretty well but the only downside is that honestly you could learn how to program through the internet.
The rare book that as soon as I finished the last page, I was ready to go back to page one and start again.  Granted, it starts a little slowly, but a chapter into it and I was hooked.  Great characters, with complicated and messy lives, that I came to care about very much.  Intriguing puzzles and codes.  I've seen comparisons to DaVinci, and nothing against that book, because I read and enjoyed it.  But "Rule of Four" is not a breezy book or quick read.  It's dense and complicated and makes you sit up and pay attention, and it's one I'm going to read again.
This book helped us with a baby who struggled with sleep.  I recommend it to all new parents.  Science-based information about how babies sleep and what we can do as parents.  This worked with both of our children.
I find most of Barbara Delinsky's books extremely well written and entertaining and this book was no exception.  I had a hard time putting this down at night.  I wanted to keep reading to find out what was happening next.  I believe if you like Barbara Delinsky's writing, you'll love this one.
I was on vacation and ran out of reading material on my last day so I &quot;picked up&quot; Kathleen Reichs Death DuJour at the bookstore.  What a delight.  This was like reading one of the original and better Patricia Cornwell books (before some of her more recent disappointing scriptures).  I had not read anything of Ms. Reichs, but will be ordering some on Amazon for the future.  The characters are good, the story detailed and interesting and the book a real winner.
I bought the paperback as I enjoyed the sample and wanted to keep it in my libraryEach of the chapters was a seperate essay and the majority were good.Science has advanced since this book was written and it needs to be taken into consideration
on a long afternoon.  Well.  For those of you who loved it, I second that emotion.  For those of you who wrote the most critical of reviews: I challenge you to do better!  I seldom get so caught up in a book as this one; in fact, I liked it so much I've ordered the audio CD ... unheard of for me!  While I agree that several conundrums emerge during the course of the telling that don't really explain themselves well, this doesn't necessarily make the novel inconsistent within itself.  And who can really "explain" the space-time continuum, anyway.  The Time Traveler's Wife is a complicated read on several levels and though sometimes difficult keeping up with who is where and when, this book was truly a treasure of a find and one of my favorite reads ever (losing only one star for gratuitous profanity).I am considering writing Audrey a fan letter.
I have read this book every summer for the last three years (I'm 19 now), and it is amazing.  Everything about it is great- the best book I've ever  read.
Holiness and wisdom are not reserved only for the monks, but for all those who seek Christ with a pure heart. If it happens to reflect in some ways current New Age mentalities, it is not, believe me, a sign that the Eastern Church has somehow taken their advice! I have the suspicion that those who understand Christianity through Western Protestant eyes would find this work a bit odd to say the least. Monks who are clairvoyant, can change someone else's perception of time, etc are not common in Protestant Christianity. But then again, they have not had the benefit of a 2000-year-old tradition of spirituality and prayer. This is not to put the Protestants down, it is only the observation that there is no need to reinvent the wheel when the East already has a very succinct and proven method of spiritual development that goes much beyond the non-accountable, individualistic spirit of much of the Christian West.IF you have an interest in the underpinnings of the Eastern approach to Jesus Christ and the Trinity and the Church etc, then you would do well to read "The Orthodox Way" by Kallistos Ware, or, if you want to dig into some deeper theology, "The Mystical Theology of the Eastern Church" by Vladimir Lossky is a classic, as is the difficult but rewarding masterpiece "Being As Communion" by Zizioulas. ENJOY!
It was an interesting book with lots of lessons. Even if you are older, you can still learn something new! When's the next book?
I have a hard time reviewing books like this because after reading it, I'm speechless.  The author stirred up my emotions in a way that makes me feel a bit more mature.  Everything about this book was amazing.
In &quot;Empire Express&quot; author David Haward Bain tells the story of the building of the transcontinental railroad, from the original evangelizing of the idea by Asa Whitney in the early 19th century to the Credit Mobilier scandal that engulfed Congress in the wake of the railroad's completion during the second Grant administration.  In telling the story the author skillfully bridges fifty years of American history, from the agrarian, inward-looking communities of Jacksonian America to the dawn of American industrialism and expansion of the Gilded Age.In tracing the evolution of the dream to build a transcontinental railroad from conception to completion in a single volume narrative history, Bain tackles a subject nearly as daunting as the original project itself.  The cast of characters involved were many and diverse: Asa Whitney, Ted Judah, the &quot;Big Four,&quot; the Ames brothers, Charles Durant, Grenville Dodge, several US presidents and cabinet officials, a slew of state and local leaders, not to mention the numerous mid-level railroad managers that actually turned the dream into reality.  Weaving this wide array of participants and events into one seamless story is challenging, to say the least, but the author proves worthy of the task.Bain is not a historian by training, but rather a former journalist currently serving as professor of literature at Middlebury College (VT).  Thus, his writing has a certain literary quality and tends to eschew the bland prose common in more academic pieces, which could have made this book all but unbearable.  However, it must be noted that the author isn't entirely successful in bringing order to the chaos.  One can easily become confused as new players constantly emerge in the storyline while others quietly fade away.  This cycle is repeated often, leaving the reader to thumb back to re-read certain sections again for clarity.Finally, a modern American reader of &quot;Empire Express&quot; can't help but be shocked at the malfeasance attending the construction of the transcontinental railroad, not to mention the blatant conflict of interest prevalent throughout.  For instance, Leland Stanford served as President of the Central Pacific and Governor of California simultaneously, pushing through legislation favorable to his company in the process.  Meanwhile, the Union Pacific's Oakes Ames served as a US Congressional Representative with influence on federal railroad policy during construction of the road.  Taken altogether, the present day pseudo-scandal surrounding Enron looks positively benign in comparison.
Do you enjoy a behind-the-scenes look at the creative process?  If so, Cocktail Time will soon become one of your favorite comic novels.The book's premise is deliciously contrary -- if a friend says that you cannot write a novel, some people will feel bound to prove the friend wrong.  The backdrop for that decision is uproariously bizarre.  The friend, the fifth Earl of Ickenham, has been feeling his oats a bit too much at the Drones Club and decides to borrow a slingshot (catapult in the UK) to pop the top hat off his old friend, Sir Raymond (Beefy) Bastable, with a Brazil nut as Beefy left the neighboring Demosthenes Club.  When Beefy tells Ickenham that he wants to find the miscreant who did the dastardly deed, Ickenham offhandedly comments that it's a pity that Beefy is not an author who could use the literary sword to put all such pranksters in their place.  That sets the stage for Beefy's novel, Cocktail Time, which he writes under a nom de plume.There's only one complication.  Beefy wants to stand for Parliament and he has written a scandalous book that would ruin his political career.As the book's sales begin to take off like a rocket ship, Beefy realizes he needs some cover.  Ickenham suggests that Beefy find someone else to pretend to be the author.  With that suggestion, an unimaginable series of events follows . . . each more humorous than the last.Will Beefy keep his honor?  Will someone else keep his royalty checks?  Will love conquer all?The plot is one of the most complex ones that I have ever read in a comic novel, and the ever-shifting action works well.  You'll have great fun with Cocktail Time.  I don't remember a P.G. Wodehouse book that I have enjoyed more than this one.
My book club has chosen this book for our next gathering.  We have all read the book so that discussion is quite lively!  I really liked this book and love the author's writing style! I plan to order another book written by him. I used Whispernet to whisk this book to my Kindle.  How easy that is!!!
I am a huge fan of John Grisham, this among many of his other books kept the pages turning. Mr.Grisham keeps you guessing until the end and with every guess that you make,the end is going to surprise you. Great book just like his others... I loved it.
This book is about striving to become positive, happy, and successful in everything you do. Wisdom  isn't about making mistakes but about learning to escape afterward with your dignity and your sanity intact. What is done is done and you need to get on with your life.Accept who you are. There are some things in life that are important and a whole lot of things that aren't. These are just a few tidbits that contain wisdom, common sense, and humor that the author uses to get his point across. This book is well written and easy to understand. It would appeal to anyone who wants to better him-self.
On the back of my copy of Kitto's book, there is a quote from Raymond Mortimer declaring this volume to be the best introduction to Ancient Greece he had ever read. I'm not sure if I can go that far with regard to this book; perhaps in 1957, when it first came out, that accolade would have been appropriate. However, just because I can't declare this book to be the best unreservedly, I still consider it to be an excellent text, and one that I have very useful in my upper-level undergraduate course in Ancient Greek philosophy.Kitto has relatively short chapters on a host of subjects, including origins, culture, warfare, political life, philosophy, art, and more. These are arranged according to certain major facets of Greek life that we know - for example, Homer gets a chapter to himself. However, Homer neither arose in a vacuum nor did his work only matter during his (or her) time. Kitto doesn't address too much about the academic controversy over who Homer might have been, but rather addresses the work that we have which survives. That work includes an exploration of the direct and indirect influences on later generations of Greeks, who in turn have had profound impact on our own culture.Kitto spends a good deal of time on the political structure of Greek life, from the early settlement and migration times, to development of small polities, to larger hegemonic times and the Athenian empire, brief-lived though it was. One question I ask my class to address out of Kitto's text is this - Sparta seems to have won the war, but Athens won the peace; what does this mean? Kitto gives a lot of insight into the competition between Athens and Sparta, and to a lesser extent other polities around the Aegean and off toward Italy; there were unified times in the face of Persian aggression, but more often there were less organized times, which allowed for a kind of international relations in microcosmic form. I once had a professor who longed to teach a modern international relations course using nothing but Herodotus and Thucydides - one reading Kitto can get the sense that there are many truths in this desire, given that many of the motivations of nations and many of the principles of politics among nations remain the same as can be found in the speeches recounted in Thucydides' writing.Kitto clearly has a deep love of the ancient Greek culture, and parallels much of his own time with this period; he is also quick to point out the differences. This is perhaps the one weakness of this text. If one lacks a familiarity with Britain and British sensibilities and learning in the first half of the twentieth century, one may lose some of the references Kitto makes - for example, he makes reference to the Sophists as being akin to those who might host a seminar, `Did You Want to be a 1000GBP Man?' - the answer would be a resounding no today; he also alludes to `our political parties' which are clearly different from those today (and for those in North America, one might have really no hook upon which to hang understanding).On the other hand, some things haven't changed. He also says of the Sophists that `Perhaps "Professor" would be a rough modern equivalent to "Sophist".' A challenge to remember, indeed! This is certainly something my students can understand. He also uses colourful stories such as Diogenes calling to both the perfumed set and what would be the Greek grunge set, `Affectation!' He also pulls from Herodotus the disappointment of Croesus at finding out that Tellus, Cleopas and Biton led happier lives than he (but alas, that they were dead, too...). There are many pieces that stick with one upon reading, and because this text does not go overboard in information, it fits together in a more easily grasped framework, too.One might challenge Kitto's assertion that the Greeks were as superior as they are presented - `unless our standards of civilization are comfort and contraptions, Athens from (say) 480 to 380 was clearly the most civilized society that has yet existed.' However, there is no doubt that the Greeks advanced in directions hitherto unknown and rarely exceeded in a measure-by-measure analysis. This comes through with Kitto - a worthy text for a worthy subject.
Extremely interesting book. The characters of Joe, Simon, and Kerewin (sp) are vividly drawn. The subject matter is serious, child abuse, alcohlism, destruction of culture, despair, cancer, isolation. Yet with all this it is  a book that celebrates life.The prose is dense and evocative. The author  is excellent at building a sense of place. The descriptions of their time  at the beach are incredible. I could feel the rocks beneath my toes and the  cold wind blowing.Their are some graphic scenes of violence and pain.  The fishook incident made me want to pass out (having put more then my  share of fishooks into my own thumb).The discussions of Maori culture  just make me want to read more about this period in New Zealand's history.Not the easiest book to read, but well worth the effort.
This book reads like it was published in the '80's but packs a whollop! A definite read and re-read.
This story is about family secrets - but it does not keep its secrets hidden for very long. In fact, within a few pages, we know more about the family that is at the heart of the story than we probably wanted to know. The entire story revolves around a group of four siblings, two boys, two girls, ages seventeen, fifteen, thirteen and six, and how they deal with the circumstances surrounding the loss of their parents. What develops is chilling and yet told in such a way that it appears natural and logical, since it is told in the first person of one of the siblings, the fifteen year old boy. Children who are not blessed with adult maturity and wisdom are left to their own devices and judgments. Outsiders are treated with suspicion and contempt. Disaster ensues. We witness a story of control, death, incest, sibling emotional suffocation, cruelty, and at times, tenderness, all told in a very unnerving way.Like much of his later work, Ian McEwan proves adept at delving below the skin of his subjects, with complete realism and honesty. And be warned, this is not for the squeamish or moralistic. But then I am not aware of any of his writings that are. In the hands of a lesser writer, some of the subject matter could be offensive and unseemly. But McEwan is no ordinary writer.While this story was written early in his arc as a novelist, it still stands as a worthy work. One can also see how his later works have progressed and become more literary, but any McEwan fan should enjoy it, and anyone looking for a place to begin reading his work will find much to admire here.
I first read this book many years ago, and recently ordered a replacement copy.It's a story set on an alternate earth where Jesus was not crucified and ending up leading the Church to take over the Roman Empire, before finally being felled by a crossbow in the final assault on Rome.  1800 years later, the Church dominates and tightly controls a world where little freedom and individuality are tolerated, and space travel is used to get rid of heretics and political dissidents.  The lead character is a mathematician who falls in love with a poet -- a romance that is strictly proscribed by authorities, and thereby forming the basis for the story of how someone once contented with his lot in life becomes a dissident.It's an entertaining story that has kept me engaged through the end, but hardly qualifies as great literature.  This almost certainly qualifies as the first piece of alternate history fiction I ever read, and if you enjoy that genre this may be worth a look.  For that matter, if you enjoy seeing the religious tweaked, you might enjoy this as well -- the viewpoint of the book is clearly not friendly towards organized religion and has a few touches designed to annoy the pious (churches are topped with crossbows instead of crosses, and Hell is the planet that exiles are sent to by the authorities).
I read this book a few months after it was published, and found it very hard to put down. Never mind working out who all the characters were supposed to be (although with some there wasn't much difficulty!), it was a  fascinating insight into the murky world of political campaigning, of the  reality that there are no perfect people out there - and if there were,  they probably wouldn't want to be president.It was a novel approach to  take the perspective of an idealistic campaigning lawyer drafted in to help  with the Stanton bid; someone steeped in the political process and 'how  to,' but who had rarely been exposed to the murkier sets of compromises and  deals which candidates and their teams engage in.I loved it, and now  I'm waiting for Klein's sequel, The Running Mate, to arrive in paperback.
Think Like Zuck, social media marketer Ekaterina Walter's first business book, is a tight, fact-packed read that anchors the example of Mark Zuckerberg and bolsters her analysis of leadership principles with many other fine entrepreneur examples (from t-shirt designs to vacuum cleaners!). Even those who have studied Facebook in the news through its highs and lows may find tidbits they don't expect here - that Zuckerberg had taught his COO Sheryl Sandberg's kid some pointers about fencing; that "the journey is 1 percent finished" at Facebook, and that in 2009 Zuckerberg wore a tie everyday as a personal challenge (and sets himself yearlong personal challenges each year).What I think takes this book beyond Facebook fangirl adulation and mere coattail-riding of how successful Facebook was "naturally" going to be, is Walter's analysis of the challenges of entrepreneurship. By looking at those, she exposes the ingredients of successful entrepreneurial leadership and as mentioned before, illuminates other examples of how companies with similar qualities made similarly improbable successes happen. Other reviews have touched on the "5 Ps" - but I particularly liked the hummingbird leadership analysis, and her immediate followup of a story where Zuckerberg was told by a recruiter he needed to learn how to be a CEO or his team would mutiny - and he made personal changes and did the internal talks inside the company that he had been ignoring before. I had heard of Zappos' emphasis on people (and its CEO Tony Hsieh has a whole book on it) but Walters takes us deep inside a Portland firm called XPLANE and talks about how they created a visual culture map - you can see it in the book - that sets the framework for how they would operate as a company.The book is a crisp read, but it's not lightweight - it will make you think about where to apply these principles in your own life.
Good book, with clear information.Helps you with excersices to handle your money and other (bad) habbits in life.A great gift too ![...][...]
This book is an excellent story about which, like many things, seems like a simple case but is much more complex. An airplane catastrophe causes four deaths and 57 injuries, but what is the problem? Corey Singleton, a Vice President with Norton Aircraft, is assigned with finding out. This is not a mystery novel per se, but you will be wondering too, with anxiety and fascination, while you read this fantastic book. The plot is thick and unexpected, and the resolution is unexpected. The characters leave a little something to be desired, but this is a plot-driven book, and after reading it, you will feel smarter and you will be glad you spent your time reading it. Worth the time.
I've been toying with the idea of retaking the Java Programmer certification test, as I took and passed it back in 2002 (version 1.2).  Quite a bit has changed since then, and it might be nice to get up to date.  To that end, I took the opportunity to review Kathy Sierra and Bert Bates' latest edition of SCJP Sun Certified Programmer for Java 5 Study Guide (Exam 310-055).  Certification books don't come with much better "street cred" than this...Contents: Declarations and Access Control; Object Orientation; Assignments; Operators; Flow Control, Exceptions, and Assertions; Strings, I/O, Formatting, and Parsing; Generics and Collections; Inner Classes; Threads; Development; About the CD; IndexSierra and Bates are the co-creators of the popular Head First book concept, and in my opinion are unequaled in the field of writing technical material that engages all the senses.  They are also responsible for the actual Java certification test itself, so it's not like they don't know what's being quizzed.  :)  In addition to material on *how* to take a certification test, they cover all the different content areas of the Java Programmer test, with a focus on learning what needs to be known for the test.  This is not necessarily a tutorial on Java, as they don't try and exhaustively cover every minor point on a subject.  If you're going to encounter it on the test, it'll be here.  If it's not on the test, it's either skimmed over for general context or ignored.  The book also includes a CD that has sample tests that you can use to gauge your preparedness for the exam.  It certainly beats having to go out and spend another chunk of money on practice tests.  And again, these people have some of the best credentials out there for teaching and training Java technical material.  Even if I hadn't had the chance to review this book, I'd have put it at the top of my recommended list on reputation alone.  Having gone through it, I can confirm that decision would have been the correct one.When I first took my Java test in 2002, this was the type of study guide I was looking for (and I looked at all of them).  This time around, my search is finished with a single volume...  this one.
I read this book many years ago and one story stuck with me where I came face to face with people who were evil and i felt that they would not be at the last minute.
Another fun book by one of my favorite chick-lit writers.Sophie Apperly is the Cinderella of her family and they're happy to send her off to care for their grumpy great uncle Eric for a while, hoping they'll all share in his inheritance. She actually gets on really well with the old man and when she tells him she's off to New York for a temporary job, he asks her to look up another family member who could help them all to a lot of money.In New York, she meets Matilda, an old and very rich lady, that she happens to run into at an art gallery. She has a dashing grandson, Luke, who is very suspicious of Sophie, assuming she is friendly with his grandmother for her money.Luke promises to search her family member in the USA while Sophie is on a quest for Matilda back in England. Turns out Matilda has some plans that neither Sophie nor Luke expected...This is a fun and predictable story. I had some idea which way this story would go but not how it would get there. And it was a great, quick read that took the reader from England to New York, to Connecticut and back to England, to the lovely Cornwall countryside.A fun, light read. I flew through the 400 pages!
I've followed Jeffrey Gitomer for the last 5 years and I am convinced the reason why he has been so successful is because he simply helps people Get Their Way. Thats what this book is about...He shares his success secrets because he really wants you to succeed!This book is written from the heart of Gitomer....packed full of his hallmark tips and is a perfect way to round out his other works. Buy this book and learn from a sales and motivation leader who walks the walk....Push it up Gitomer!
I can use so much from this book to help my students with their Grammar homework. I'm happy for this nifty book...it's a great resource.
Twins Marion and Shiva Stone are born to a nun who was impregnated by the surgeon at an Ethiopian hospital. The nun dies in childbirth, the distraught father abandons his boys. They are raised by the only other two doctors at the hospital. The boy's lives are entwined despite completely different psychological make-ups. Verghese is a doctor and occasionally gets bogged down in the minutae of surgery and doctor-speak. Otherwise a beguiling read.
This a good book for those interested in math and economics. The only bad thing is there appears to be some important differences between the 4th and 3rd edition.
I like the characters, and found them to be a pretty good representation of people from that time and location.I am not sure of where 1 character has to have a male child before her Father dies so she does not lose her home and the estate? That seems to be an exception to the primogeniture of my understanding, unless it is that the Father can name his Grandson as Heir?
Say When is about Griffin and Ellen who hit a rough patch in their marriage. Ellen has an affair and wants a divorce. It really brought back memories of my parents divorce but the ending is way different. I can identify with how Ellen is feeling in her marriage. A very Good story.
The Wish Giver is a humorous story with a good message.  It is a quick, easy read full of fun characters and humorous incidents.  My only complaint is that I found it to be extremely predictable; I knew how it was going to end from almost the very beginning.  So for me this book really didn't have much mystery or suspense, but I still enjoyed it and didn't want to put it down.  I think this would definitely be a big hit with young readers, but older readers who just want something that is humorous, lighthearted and refreshing will enjoy it as well.  This is definitely a good one for the kids!
the reason i like this book is that it builds a lot of intuition.  it is not math heavy, for that there are other books in the market.  but it tells you why we need to do math this way...overall very good book seriously.  With the exception of chapter 2, every other chapter was fun to read.  chapter 2 was written very poorly...
There are interesting dynamics playing out in the review section here. Joe's friends and supporters; those who like the book and one who doesn't supported by twenty plus people who found his opinion helpful. If one reads the reviews in order to determine whether or not to buy the book, how does she sort through all of this?To begin with, John Gibbs, Sarah Mitchell and Jon Wuebben's reviews here are solid and stone cold nail the question: What's this book about?I have no skin in the game. I don't know Joe and I'm not involved in Content Marketing. My interests are in marketing, storytelling and the art of communication.So why did I buy Joe's book? Because other authors whose opinions I value, talk highly of Joe's work. Now these authors aren't management and leadership writers, they are Joe's competitors. In Epic Content Marketing, Joe talks about them as well. The fact that these authors are on the same page, squares value for me. It broadens the degree in which I am able to get my mind around Content Marketing and it enriches my overall learning experience. It also speaks volumes of Joe as a businessman, teacher and person. That's why I bought it.
Back again, i see, in this tragic turn of events. Here we are at the fourth installment. The Baudelaires are sent to live somewhere somwhere to work in a lumbermill called 'Lucky Smells Lumbermill'. There, the children have to work with heavy machinery and de-barking trees. They have to sleep in an overly crowded bunk house with no windows. All the difficult labor causes Klaus to break his glasses. He is sent to the only optometrist in town, who strongly resembles someone we've seen before...
i would like to thank reviewer mary whipple for pointing me in the direction of this fantastic book. it's a great old-fashion novel, full of complex and interesting characters, that paints a vivid picture of pre-world war I english society in a thoroughly entertaining story. isabel colegate's writing is dazzling to boot. upon finishing this book, i got on my computer and bought everything else that i could find by this author. if her other novels are even close to this good, that will have been money well spent.
Without a doubt, this is one of the most clear and helpful introductions to any topic that I have ever read.  It does not cover history or ancillary information that does not contribute to understanding the topic and its applications.  If you want to learn the basics in a logical way and without fluff, this is the book to buy.
In the fifties and sixties, adolescent sports fiction was exciting, but the social context was rather bland. In general, if they were in their teens, the athletes lived in two-parent households, the father worked while the mother kept house and girls were an afterthought. The only way this book resembles the earlier ones is that girls are still an afterthought.Nick is a boy that lives and breathes basketball, but he has always lived in the shadow of his older brother Scott. Now, Scott is into music and has little interest in basketball. That creates problems between Scott and their father, a parent that demands that his children excel in sports. This is one of many tensions that lead their parents to a divorce.Nick is now a sophomore in high school and is trying out for the varsity. For some time he has been playing pick-up games with Trent, the boy next door. Trent lives in a very troubled household; his mother is an alcoholic with a revolving set of boyfriends. An outcast at school due to his hostility, Trent has no friends and basketball is his only release of his frustrations. Playing together in Nick's backyard, the two boys form a bond based on their sports, which creates problems for Nick with his family and his friends.When the team begins winning and is making a run at the championship, things smooth out at school but the tensions mount in Trent's life. When Trent's life is on the verge of falling apart, Nick sticks with him and helps him make the right decision.This is an excellent example of adolescent sports fiction at its best. Not only is there an exciting "big game at the end" but there are also many lessons about growing up, the value of team sports and helping out the downtrodden when there is a price to pay for it.
This book justifies the numerous 5-star reviews it has attracted on Amazon.com. The author starts by taking time to establish the benefits and ROI of being a thought leader, and how to self-assess one's own thoughtleading potential.The book really gets into its stride in its focus on what are termed The Five Pillars of Thoughtleading. What I found refreshing about this section of the book is that the author does not merely say write a book, publish articles, speak to groups, etc. Instead, he provides specific guidance on how to make maximum use of these 5 Pillars for the purpose of enhancing the visibility and reputation of experts.Clearly, a lot of thought and attention has gone into the writing of this book. Published in 2008, it lacks reference to social media, but the guidance supplied by the author can easily be adapted to new forms of media.
The history of the Peloponnesian is a brilliant account of a classic war that began as a preemptive attack on Athens by Sparta to prevent the domination of the Greeks by the Athenians.  The war began in the year 427 BC and ended 27 years later with the defeat of Athens by Sparta.  This history however is only up to the 21st year of the war.  Although there are several translations of the work I selected the translation by Thomas Hobbes the 17th century philosopher. It is the first done in the English language.  Thucydides was a soldier on the Athenian side which in a sense puts a lie to the common notion that it is the winners of war who write history.  The war was finally won by Sparta, powerful on land, and an oligarchy with a communal outlook on life defeating Athens with the strongest navy in the world, and a democracy with an individualistic outlook on life.  Ironically it is Sparta's eventual mastery of the sea that defeated the Athenians.  Whether or not this bodes ill for America remains to be seen.  History is not over.Thucydides relates not only the battles of the war in some detail describing tactics and the individuals involved, but also the strategy and the politics.  There is intrigue, treason, broken alliances, and hubris.  The winners of a battle rarely show mercy and treason is dealt with harshly with often entire towns put to the sword or enslaved.  Among the combatants there is respect for the strong and contempt for the weak.  Truces are often held to bury the dead because the dead are respected by all.Unlike Homer's Illiad written about one thousand years earlier Thucydides does not mention the gods as having a say in the outcome of the war.  While religion is a factor it is not a determining factor in the conduct and outcome of the war.  One could argue that Thucydides is a secular account of history whereas Homer is a more religious account.Thucydides should be mandatory reading and study for all white males between the ages of 16 and 18 of above average IQ.  The History will prepares them for war and instill in them the desire and willingness to defeat the enemy.  It teaches contempt for the enemy which is a valuable attitude in war.  Pericles funeral oration to the Athenians is the most inspiring and most moving speech ever given.  The resemblance of this speech to the Gettysburg address is obvious and leads one to conclude that if Pericles could inspire Abraham Lincoln in his thinking then Thucydides' History did so likewise and influenced the strategy and the eventual outcome of the Civil War including the period of reconstruction. The contrast between the Spartan outlook on life and that of the Athenians to the adversaries in all subsequent wars up to the present war on terror is striking indeed.  There are lessons still to be learned from the Peloponnesian War and woe to those that fail to learn these lessons.
Read this book many years ago but wanted to read it again. Just as enjoyable this time as it was the first time I read it.
In fundraising, the basic exercise is called "making your case." Which is, you make an argument that persuades prospective donors to invest their philanthropic dollars in your particular mission or vision -- you hope. True, Jerry Weissman's book is intended for a traditional business audience; he learned his secrets coaching companies like Yahoo prepare for their IPOs. But don't be fooled by his for-profit credentials: this book is all about making your case effectively. And fundraisers desperately need to know the stuff that Jerry Weissman reveals here: how to tell your story so compellingly that buy-in is virtually guaranteed. If you're a fundraiser entering a capital campaign, save yourself the false starts: buy this book.
Just like all Rushdie books, MC requires a good deal of attention from the reader.  But with good nurturing, this will be your favourite book.  The tale of Saleem Sinai from his grandfather's youth to his old age spans the  modern history of India.  His fate is entangled with that of the country,  his complexity reflects the problematic political state.I was lucky  enough to be in India as I read the book, and that enabled me to get more  out of his local terms and customs.  So I believe it'll help to be familiar  with the country.Rushie's play on words, observations and blurry fact  and fiction make this an R-rated fairy tale.  DO NOT miss this masterpiece.
This book is a good overall book if you have a little knowledge of corel draw itself. It is a big book.
This is a fascinating book analyzing how we are all far less Cartesian than we think.  In other words, a slew of predictable human bias flaws what we feel is our own objective judgment.  The author eminently demonstrates this point by forcing the reader to take a 39 questions test at the beginning of the book.  This test is stuffed with all the traps that illustrate the human judgment flaws that he analyzes thoroughly in following specific chapters.You can view the test as a very entertaining IQ test from hell.  The questions seem often simple.  But, they are not.  Other times, they are obviously difficult.  I got a bit more than half of them correct.  This was mainly because I had some knowledge or experience regarding certain traps the questions presented.  I had made the mistake before.  So, I learned from that.  When I did not have any prior knowledge of a question, my results were very human, meaning not that good.  But, learning the correct answer was both fun and educating.The author touches on several fascinating probability and statistic concepts.  One of them being the Bayes theorem, which suggests that medical screen test can be highly unreliable despite being touted as 80% to 90% accurate.  In other words, you better understand the Bayes theorem better than the medical specialists who screen you for various diseases.  Because, based on the author's study, doctors don't have a clue.  Another chapter had an excellent discussion on correlation vs. causation.  This includes some tricky nuances that many analysts in the financial industry trip upon.  Another interesting probability concept is why it takes only 23 people in a room to have greater than a 50% that two of them share the same birthday.  This seems impossible, but it is true.The book has obviously a lot more than I am letting on here.  I am not going to ruin it for you.  It is really fun, educating, and interesting to read.  You will also learn a whole lot about how you think, how others think, and how people think in groups.  You will also understand how tricky it is to ask truly open and objective questions.  Also, polls that seem objective are not due to the subjective structure of the question.  I think you will enjoy this book, and I strongly recommend it.
Dr. Murphy's long study of the mind and how to use it continues to be revealed in this fascinating book.  One of many "must reads" that Dr. Murphy wrote.
If Easy Money had been a required subject in 10th grade, we might not have so many folk mired in the credit mess today. Author Weston provides plenty of tips that apply to any age, but the basics she offers should be taught to every student toprotect them from the predatory credit practices of lenders; andshow them how to make money work for instead of against them.Just imagine how different life could be if young people understood the value of a budget as a financial good fairy rather than a cruel scrooge. Now, with so many in debt, the American dream has become their American nightmare.If you have a teenager or know someone in financial difficulty, give them a copy of Easy Money.  Nothing in this book goes into each subject so much in depth that it will scare them away from financial management; Weston never speaks down to her readers to make them feel inadequate. Just easy to read, easy to understand, solid financial advice.If you yourself are short on money smarts, give Easy Money a try.  Each of ten chapters is concluded with a worksheet that will help you gain control of your financial future, no matter what the future holds.While this book is not for the financial sophisticate, it's perfect for anyone needing financial know-how.  Highly recommended!
Mark Schaefer and Stanford Smith wrote very well in their book, Born to Blog: Building Your Blog for Personal and Business Success One Post at a Time.  I have a personal blog and learned a lot about how to manage the blog and about how to continue to grow it successfully.  I learned of the importance of dreaming in blogging.I'm much more of a teaching and storyteller blogger, so using my blog to dream is a new concept for me.  I dream a lot of the time.  I just don't publish them for the world to see.Schaefer and Smith give little snippets of their own experiences throughout the book.  They also provide concise "Take Action" sections to apply what the chapter has been written about.  One of the "Take Actions" that I intend to do is to write everyday, even if I'm publishing less frequently.I've read a lot of how to blog books.  This is the most comprehensive one I've read.  There's chapters on all sorts of interesting bits of blogging, mostly related to corporate blogging.  That information is still useful to the personal bloggers like me, though.I gave the book 5/5 stars because I really thought it was awesome.  I looked forward to reading it, and I didn't want it to end.I received a free copy of the book from the publisher through the NetGalley review program in exchange for my honest opinion.
Should be required reading in schools as well as in Washington. On so many levels it represents commom sense and principles which we all know but which many people will not acknowledge because of PC.
The characters and plot were so wonderful and rich, I felt like I knew them all. Sort of like a Mark Twain story about 1950's cotton farmers in Arkansas. Simple, thought-provoking, excellent. I want a sequel now to know what happens next.
Generally I do not read a lot of narrative prose, but when I do my preferred genre is the murder mystery.  My friend Mo recommended Kathy Reichs' Death du Jour to me because of my interest in the sciences and anthropology.  I have to admit the book sat on my shelf for about 3 months before I finally got around to examining even the cover, but when I did the author's professional credentials engaged my attention.  Dr Reichs is a forensic anthropologist trained at Northwestern University and employed by both the state of North Carolina and the Province of Quebec as an expert in forensics and by the University of North Carolina as a professor of anthropology.  Her expertise is definitely reflected in the content of the novel.  After reading the first few lines of the book I was hooked.  So much was this the case that I finished it in the space of a single afternoon.Each of the characters is a real person with a distinct personality.  The heroine Tempe, a forensic anthropologist--who is much as I imagine Dr. Reichs to be herself--is clearly defined as an individual.  She has a past and a present and family relationships and problems much as we all do.  Her sister Harry is not simply a carbon copy of the heroine.  She too is an individual.The mise en scene of the action in both Quebec and North Carolina are vividly recreated for the reader.  One can almost feel the damp bone-chilling cold of a Canadian winter and the balmy days of a southeastern coastline.  Incorporating the little details of activity such as specific restaurants eaten at and things ordered there, specifics of the medical examiners' offices in Montreal and how the character proceeds with her work there add  verisimilitude to the narrative.  It is abundantly apparent that the author knows her setting and her topic with the thoroughness of the professional participant as opposed to the diligent journalist.  To a certain extent, there is a rather more graphic description of each of the deceased than in many mysteries that I've read with a similar format, but there is no attempt to make the subject particularly sensational, just very, very real.Dr. Reichs' writing style is engaging and carries the reader along swiftly.  The central characters are likable and human, much as those of Rita Mae Brown who's mysteries I tend to read just to &quot;visit&quot; old friends.  Dialogue is realistic and is not gratuitous and designed to fill space but forwards the story well.  Furthermore, it is well tailored to each of the individual characters, contributing to their three dimensional quality.  Their mannerisms in speaking, their use of dialect all create a sense of &quot;real people.&quot;  The rhythm of the words encourages the reader to keep moving smoothly to the denouement.My one and only complaint would be that the conclusion of the story of Sister Elisabeth Nicolet, the threads of whose history is woven through the main theme, is not quite as interesting as it might have been and leaves one feeling rather more distracted than entertained.Certainly a mystery worth reading.  If nothing else, you'll learn a lot about what forensics.
I love this series even though the books cover much of the same information. I recommend this series over the other review books that are out there.
This book is completely worth the price, and worth the hardcover to take care of it. The main chapters of the book are independent, so you can read them in any order. The way it explains the different learning approaches is beautiful because:  1)it explains them nicely 2)it gives examples and 3)it presents pseudocode summaries of the algorithms. As a software developer, what else could I possibly ask for?
I say this because he has a very distinctive style, yet you never know what to expect.  A few of his books have been among my favorites and a few among my least favorite but I always read his work hoping for another gem.  He did not disappoint me this time but this particular work did not surpass Saturday or Atonement.  I would recommend this book if you enjoyed either of those books or any of his previous material.
I agree with an observation by Mark Twain: "Figures often beguile me, particularly when I have the arranging of them myself; in which case the remark attributed to Disraeli would often apply with justice and force: `There are three kinds of lies: lies, damned lies and statistics.'" There has been an abundance of books and articles published in recent years that discuss the emergence and significance of Big Data. According to Kaiser Fung, "Big Data is real, and its impact will be massive. At the very least, we are all consumers of data analyses. We must learn to be smarter consumers. What we need is Numbersense." In his opinion, those who generate the best analyses of data possess both technical ability and business acumen...and "Numbersense is the third dimension."What exactly is it? "Numbersense is that noise in your head when you see bad data or bad analysis. It's the desire and the persistence to get close to the truth. It's the wisdom of knowing when to make a U-turn, when to press on, but mostly when to stop. It's the awareness of where you came from, and where you're going. It's gathering clues, and recognizing decoys. The talented ones can find their way from A to Z with fewer wrong turns. Others struggle and get lost in the maze, possibly never finding Z...The best way to nurture Numbersense is by direct practice or by learning from others. I wrote this book to help you get started. Each chapter is inspired by a recent news item in which someone made a claim and backed it up with data."When I first read this explanation, I really did not fully "get it" but after reading the book, I appreciated as well as understood what Numbersense is...and isn't. In a phrase, I view it as  "street smarts for data consumers."These are among the dozens of passages that caught my attention, shared to provide a sense of the thrust and flavor of Kaiser Fung's lively and eloquent narrative:o On Basic Requirements:  "Numbersense is that bit of skepticism, urge to probe, and desire to verify. It's having the truffle hog's nose to hunt the delicacies. Developing Numbersense takes training and patience. It is essential to know a few basic statistical concepts. Understanding the nature of means, medians, and percentile ranks is important. Breaking down ratios into components facilitates clear thinking. Ratios can also be interpreted as weighted averages, with those weights arranged by rules of inclusion and exclusion. Missing data must be carefully vetted, especially when they are substituted with statistical estimates. Blatant fraud, while difficult to detect, is often exposed by inconsistency." (Page 53)o On the Problem with the Problem: "Shrouded in the fog of war, we are losing sight of the problem we are trying to solve. [For example,] Obesity is not the adversary; rather, it is early death caused by obesity-related diabetes such as diabetes and stroke. This distinction is crucial. We can win the battle against obesity and still lose the battle on mortality." (65)o On Restaurants That Will Benefit from Coupon Promotions: "New entrants, with few loyal customers, have little to lose, and offer the best value for the money. Some established restaurants use the promotion to fill empty seats during the low season. These are the places that serve special menus offering anything but their regular fare. These are the places that can make money from those one-time meals. They aren't counting on the return business." (94)o On Priming Effects (i.e. exposure to a stimulus influences a response to a later stimulus): "So many things could predispose one's behavior. Multiple priming effects may be in effect simultaneously. The effect may only last for some unknown amount of time. Even after the effect has been demonstrated, people would not believe that they have been affected. The results from various experiments threaten the search for stable, logical, causal structures that explain our decisions. [Check out Daniel Kahneman's Thinking, Fast and Slow.] The absence of explanations consigns statisticians to modeling correlations, an activity that is inherently prone to errors not curable by data infusion." (125)o On an Uninformed General Public: "Journalists on the economics beat have yet to wake up to Big Data. The Bureau of Labor Statistics makes public indices covering geographic regions, expenditure groups, and various definitions of inflation rates, and yet we seldom hear about them in the news. Disaggregation unwinds the averaging process, and the component indices tend to make more sense to us. When data id plentiful, we should appreciate the diversity of its components. Two strategies that sometimes backfire are averaging and filtering. The former stamps out the variety while the latter casts dark shadows." 171)o Final Thoughts: "I can't leave you with the idea that everyone must become data analysts to survive the era of Big Data. That is not the logical conclusion of this book. I do warn you that the wide availability of data will bring confusion and invite mischief. I hope you won't take data at face value ever again, and you see the power of looking under the hood." (201)I agree with Fung that the need to develop Numbersense is more urgent now than ever before as what was once characterized as an information blizzard has since become a data tsunami. Here in a single volume is probably about all the information, insights, and counsel anyone needs to do that. As Kaiser Fung correctly suggests, in the new world of Big Data, "there is no escape from people hustling numbers." True, but knowing how to make better decisions using better information is not only possible...it is imperative. Years ago, after parents of Harvard students vehemently protested against a tuition increase, then president Derek Bok responded, "If you think education is expensive, try ignorance."
I have read several bios of Parker, as well as bios of and memoirs by other denizens of the Round Table, and this book is BY FAR the most complete.  Meade punctures so many of the oft-told tales about Parker, which are blythely repeated in other bios.  She interviewed anyone and everyone still alive who could shed light on Parker, and does an impressive bit of detective work to prove that one of Lillian Hellman's many self-aggrandize stories was a fabrication.  The negative reviews here are just puzzling to me -- I can't understand what more they want from this book.  Far from being full of gossip or taking a kid-glove approach, this biography is exhaustively researched, fully footnoted, and shows all the contradictory -- sometimes unpleasant -- colors of Dorothy Parker.
I'm gearing up for a month long trek and dehydrating my own food is going to make it a gourmet's delight! Good info inside.
I was simply overwhelmed after having read this book, which was a very pleasant and challenging introduction into Alessandro Baricco's world.This is more than a book, it is a soft touch which tells you the beautiful  story of nostalgia for a love that can never be lived.It will not take you more than one hour to read it, but it will be one hour full of peace, in which you will discover the mistery of a life, of a country, of sensual love, of an illusion.Baricco is very poetical and his simple and delicate manner of story telling, which flows like a river, is what makes the book great. The beauty comes also from the understated sensuality and passion that derives from the plot, as well as from the &quot;silence&quot; that this book gives off. You can feel there is no need for too many words - too much has already been told.The whole story is written with a soft pen, as if instead of ink, the writer used silk. This is perfect to create the a subtle and exotic atmosphere. In only 100 pages one can find out about Herve Joncourt and his life, his wife, his business partners, his travels to Japan, the imposibility to fight and win his love and touch his dream.I don't want to say too much about Silk, as I would like you to convince yourselves that it is just breathtaking.
School for Startups explains how anyone with energy can start a company with little or no money almost immediately. I say little or no money, because the authors stress that the best way to go about becoming an entrepreneur is to put as little risk into the operation as possible at first. That way you can jump right in and if your idea doesn't work you can just move on to another one.The book gives several examples of very small companies that were begun as class exercises. It almost seems that all one needs is an overseas contact and a $59 website to become either an importer or an exporter today!The book touches on such topics as hiring employees, selling your business, and quitting your day job, but in truth those sections are kind of basic and not very in-depth. But that's OK, because the main thrust of the book is about starting a business, and doing it fairly soon. It's an inspirational book that should spark a good number of its readers into action!I highly recommend this book for anyone who wants to start a business.For more of my book reviews please search for ''goldenrulecomics'' on squidoo.com
In this continuing book, (sequel), of At Home in Mitford, Father Tim's attractive neighbor Cyhthia Coppersmith is at his door, pursuing Father Tim with hot casseroles. Then, his cousin Meg has moved into the rectory for the long haul, disturbing his whole household! Dooley, the boy Father Tim has taken under his wing in the first story, is still living with Father Tim and causing problems in school. They can't seem to locate his mother, and his father is a terrible drunkard.This book is truly as enjoyable as the first one was, and well worth the reading time!
Highly recommended. Learn what happens in your brain when learning something new and why you have to keep pushing through
This time around Barton tackles a day in the life of a passenger plane traveler. We start out with passengers arriving at the airport and go through all the various activities that take place through take off. What happens to the luggage, getting the plane ready for take off, etc. are covered. A cross-section of a jet plane shows the various parts including toilet (which children think is hilarious) and also shows staff working to clean the plane before the passengers board.This would be a great book to read to a child who is preparing to travel by airplane. It would be great preparation to understand all that goes into preparing the plane, what is happening as the people are waiting to board, etc. It would also be a great book to take on the flight as entertainment, especially since it is a thin paperback and lightweight.Lots of people are in the airport and are of all ages and races.Barton also has a board book about planes which depicts different kinds of airplanes, titled &quot;Planes&quot;. &quot;Airport&quot; focuses just on jet passenger airplanes and the airport itself. If you enjoy this book I recommend Barton's other books as well.My baby loves this book, he must love the illustrations. My four year old loves the book for the content. We are frequent airplane travelers and we have made air travel an adventure, always discussing all that goes on and intentionally making it a real fun experience. It has been successful so far because we don't experience air travel stress with either of our children. Both look at a trip to the airport as an adventure in and of itself. This book gives us more opportunities to discuss flying when we are at home, in between trips.This is the only children's book I have ever seen that discusses airports and what goes on there.Great, a must have!
I haven't spent a lot of time reading about soft skills, but knowing I could improve, I picked up "Crucial Confrontations". I'm glad I did! The authors present a clear process to approach all sorts of difficult situations, with lots of examples you can identify with.  Easy to read due to a refreshing absence of psychobabble.  There is emphasis on deciding what the actual problem is, then work on your own mindset and create a safe environment before discussing anything.  I like the way the book is structured with clear chapter names and summaries, for easy reference.  There's a self test as well, which helps to highlight the areas which need most attention.
Handmaids are the vehicles of reproduction in the Republic of Gilead, where radiation from sabotaged nuclear power plants had reduced the birthrate and mutated three in four fetuses. The Angles root out threats to the theocracy--nuns, scientists, scholars, etc--by hanging them on the wall of Harvard Yard and displaying the hooded figures to the public. The bastion of freethinking has turned into an exhibit of tyranny. Instead of using Newspeak as in Orwell's 1984, the leaders here deny the people education. But the idea is the same: without the ability to think and analyze and critique, the masses would only react to threats and occasionally rewards. Pavlovian conditioning.The Handmaid's Tale is a dystopian novel in the tradition of Orwell's 1984 and Huxley's Brave New World. The means of control may be different, but the goal is the same. A subservient mass that would accept the social norm and cultural values, whether they be good or bad, without questioning their validity and without recognizing their assumptions and biases.Margaret Atwood wrote the novel in the shadow of the religious fanaticism in Iran and Afghanistan, but she dedicated it to Mary Webster, an ancestor on her mother's side who was tried for being a witch in Puritan Massachusetts, but survived the hanging. She understood that such a nightmare could happen anywhere in any century.
The first volume, "Word That Sell" was a good tool for copywriters: words and phrases to jog the mind, spark an idea, bring inspiration when your muse failed. This second volume, "More Words That Sell" focuses on narrower avenues, niches as the author puts it. I think it is this narrowness of focus that makes this volume less exciting than the first. But it is still very useful.This time round, author Richard Bayan seemed a bit less inspired in his selection. For example, one of the sections, "Magic Response Words" urges the reader to memorize the list, but the words hardly seem worth the effort: free. Save, savings, discount, gift, special offer, value and so on". The author's commentary also seems a bit forced: "Notice that the words on this list appeal directly to the reader's elemental needs: a bargain, a fleeting opportunity, the urge to belong, the urge to possess, the pursuit of happiness, and the avoidance of pain". I think that's laying it on a bit thick.A few of the sections verge on the hilarious, such as "Online Marketing Services", where the author opines that "Web commerce is here to stay". Even in 2004, when this book was published, that was a certainty. It is clear that the author was not himself fully versed in web marketing as he mixes words and phrases that essentially form a spammer's mini-dictionary.I laughed at the chapter entitled "Sexy Words" where the author advises "[t]he key is to use the scintillating verbal imagery of sex to stimulate lust for your products". The word list is hardly scintillating: naked, nude, lithe, sleek, lean, firm, sigh and others.While not as strong as its predecessor, "More Words That Sell" still fulfills its purpose as a thought-starter for copywriters. When you're stuck, not so much for a word, but for a concept, this is the kind of book that may tickle that idea lurking at the back of your mind. A worthwhile addition to the copywriter's toolkit.Jerry
Quick and plesant read!Sure it's now old and it sounds more like a flash-back, tough it's still very accurate and pretty relevant on how Amazon.com became Amazon.com!I love startup success stories and this one is for sure a really good one.What I loved the most out of this book is the take away at the end of each chapters!Really valuable all the bullet points that sums 'up every chapter and gaves us insightfull advices, I think this piece alone is worth the lecture.This read is indeed pretty quick and I whish It had gone further in the history (post 2000).Also the quotes in every beginning of chapters are welcomed.Some details were not the most entraining or usefull but the sotry looks pretty authentic and I have to admit good to read.I appreciated this book and certainly recommend it to any reader who loves success stories, tech companies, consumer products business, books, online business and broadly the victory of one man's vision.
WARNING: Much of the material covered in this book often went straight over my head, but that which I could/did grasp was spot on.One of the main complaints I (and students) have about CIS/IS/IT textbooks is when they do not have enough "hands-on" or practical examples.  This book's case studies are excellent and really show the value of the quantitative approach championed by the authors.Also, I wanted to mention that the appendices and chapters are now all printed within the copy that I received, as of Dec 2012.
In the turbulent corporate world it is important to anticipate, recognize, and understand change.  Who Moved My Cheese? is a book which describes how to deal with change. Who Moved my Cheese? is a story about how two mice and two little men look for cheese in a maze. The cheese pictures what we want to have in life, whether it is a small income or a life of luxury.  The maze pictures where we spend our time looking for what we want.  Some people are content with what they have and resist change, while others are constantly looking for new opportunities. This entertaining little parable is a quick read which illustrates that sometimes we get too accustomed to our cheese being in a particular place and fail to notice when the supply gets smaller or is about to disappear. Then when we finally notice, we are often too frustrated to look for alternative sources of cheese, or else we eventually start looking while losing valuable time. As you read this book you will probably start relating the different characters in the book to people that you know, and how they react to change. Who Moved My Cheese? is not just for business professionals or organizations, but can be very helpful for everyday life.
This one- volume anthology contains much of the most important writing of Nietzsche, the full text of ' Thus Spake Zarathustra', 'Twilight of the Idols', 'The AntiChrist','Nietzsche contra Wagner'. It also contains selections from his other books, notes and letters.In his introduction Kaufmann surveys the life and work of Nietzsche and makes an effort to place him historically. For Kaufmann Nietzsche is the spiritual father of much of modern analytic and existensial philosophy. He is one of the first thinkers to as Kaufmann sees it bring about the seperation of religious faith from philosphy. He is the thinker whose work was distorted by his sister and misused by the Nazis. For Kaufman Nietzsche is  a fundamentally apolitical figure whose fundamental emphasis is on the development of the individual. And the heros of Nietzsche according to Kaufmann are great figures of mind and passion. Thus Kaufmann perhaps not completely successfully seeks to whitewash Nietzsche of negative effects of the ' superman' concept and of the ' beyond good and evil' celebration of a morality which conceivably could be taken, and was, to justify the most evil and cruel of human actions.Nietzsche is one of the most brilliant of all philosophical writers, and the epigramatic aphoristical and paradoxical character of his writing makes it often seem more a form of poetry than of philosophy. Kaufmann traces the stylistic stages of his development from the essay form of 'The Birth of Tragedy'to the aphoristic form of 'Human, All-too Human and then on to the rhapsody, satire and epigram of Zarathustra, and the brilliant sarcasm of ' The Wagner Case'. He compiled notes for 'The Will to Power' which he never wrote, and on the same day in hislatter years finished ' The Antichrist' on what Kaufmann calls a 'high pitched note of rhetoric ' and wrote in relative calm the preface for ' The Twilight of Idols.'Reading Neitzsche is at once a startling, surprising exciting disturbing and in some way confusing and confounding experience. He is often so brilliant and so unexpected that one wonders how he could possibly have written what he has. At the same time is thought is often contemptible and insulting as in his aphorisms on women. The great underlying themes of Nietzche, eternal recurrence, the going beyond good and evil, the coming of the Superman, the supposed death of God, the revaluation of values all it seems to me are problematic and in some cases wrong. This is perhaps only my way of seeing it, but I value Nietzsche more as brilliant literary artist than I do as thinker. My own judgment is that Nietzsche's extreme condemnation of Christian values, his concern for an elite few and contempt for the many are completely wrongheaded.Thus the pleasure I take in reading Nietzsche even under Kaufmann's expert guidance is a guilty and difficult one. His literary greatness is unassailable and there is much to be said in favor of his humane attitudes and courage ( especially in regard to his break with Wagner) but the ideas at the heart of his thought are not those with which a kind and wise, a loving and good, a creative and caring Mankind can live with.
Pretty easy to follow this diet, especially when it makes you feel better and you can get off medicines.  Before I started the diet, I was taking 7 different meds a day for high cholesterol, GERDS, high triglycerides, and rapid pulse, plus I was diabetic.  I was also almost 25 pounds over my ideal weight and kept gaining.  In only a few months after changing my diet, I dropped over 20 pounds and even after two years am still taking 0 (zero, none, nada, no) meds.  All my numbers are fine and I am no longer diabetic.  I am the poster child for this diet.  It is great!
Very good, straightforward book.  It leads you through word problems, the nemesis of all math students, and does so in a clear and sensible way.
King's ability for discussing detail is just astounding.  I felt very "present" in his book.  I wish that I had a map of the areas discussed, plus pictures for clarification.  This book clarifies Brunelleschi's shear determination to see this project through.  And a monumental one at that.  The scale, workfore, capital involed is staggering.  Truely a Renaissance feat.
Excellent seller, Very excellent book. I am most  intrigued by people such as Ms. Anne Labastille. May she and her animal companion's rest in peace....
I am not a mystery fan.  With that sallient point out of the way, I will say that I found this book to be enlightening and heartwarming but not riveting.  Luckily for me, the mystery is unraveled while allowing the characters to unfold.  So, I looked at this book as a character study, and found that the people in the book are very interesting and, on occasion, achieve "almost fascinating" status.I believe that the main character's disability is accurately portrayed.  Because he is presented in such an intimate, first person way, I got a new, fresh, "in my face" perspective on what it must be like to live with autism.  I found it to be exhausting.  My analogy is that it felt like being required to count and examine and understand an endless supply of tooth picks without ever being able to realize that it doesn't matter if you have a hundred, a thousand or a million tooth picks.  You just have a lot of tooth picks.  Additionally, these tooth picks have rules and characteristics that must be examined in great detail within each new situation that arises. Most profoundly, this adherence to known "tooth pick logic" is as important to the boy as anything else - including his relationships with his parents.  The ability to use judgement to prioritize information in order to reduce the number of details that must be faced each day is absent.  The process is maddening.The parents are also very interesting to me.  They obviously had made many adjustments because of their love for their son.  It was easy to see that marital problems could arise because of the stress that he brings into their lives.  The twist about the mother's "death" seemed too contrived, but I guess it was required to satisfy the mystery.I liked the book because it gave me a new way to see autism.  I enjoyed seeing parents loving their disabled child even though he seemed to revel in his own "unlovableness." Read this for the character development and for the opportunity to see into the mind of a very bright autistic young man.  See how he learns to make his way in the world.
My youngest daughter is an avid reader and loves re-reading books she was assigned in English class. In fact, she is a collector of these required assigned readings such as Of Mice and Men.
I loved this book. I laughed and cried. I will say there is some very disturbing sexual violence, but it is a very small section of a beautifully written book. I feel like I actually visited 18th century Scotland.
This was fortunately one of the first books I started with and it was a dandy.  Much better than Syd Field and several of the other starting books.  Hague remains upbeat (something you need to break in to screenwriting) and covers all the main points and questions for starting out.  Even more important, he talks about why you should and should not be doing it and living a good life.When you're read for something intermediate, check out Armer's WRITING THE SCREENPLAY and Thom's THE BIG DEAL (about spec scripts that sold in the last decade or so).And, for advanced techniques go to: Lagos Egri's THE ART OF DRAMATIC WRITING (more for plays but it does apply) and McKee's STORY . . . and, of course, the superlative WORDPLAYER.COM with free articles by two working screenwriters . .. Ted Elliot and Terry Rossio.
I love books, movies, and television shows on time travel. I've seen quite a few movies, but hadn't read many of the books.  This one is at the top of my list.  It's a good read and if you are into time travel and love stories this is the one to go with.
Vanessa Diffenbaugh--read this book and give up attempts to write!!! (and I think English is his second language)
The story of Durrell's first collecting trip wherein he knew the animals he brought back would form the basis of his own zoo. Only problem was, he didn't have a location yet. Hilarious adventures, from collecting them, then getting them through customs back into England, to finding temporary shelter for the animals while seeking a permanent site. This particular book is an old favorite of mine; wanted a hardback copy for my personal library.
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-time is narrated by Christopher Boone, an autistic 15 year old English boy who lives with his father and his pet rat, Toby. On page one Christopher--who loves animals--discovers the neighbor's dog, dead--killed deliberately and cruelly. At first, he is suspected of killing the dog. He becomes determined--despite his limitations--to discover the actual killer.In the process he runs into a number of difficulties--expected and unexpected--which, with great courage and insight, he attempts to overcome. He tells his story in a clear, matter-of-fact manner that can be deceptive in that it displays profound insights in childishly simple terms.Because Christopher is a math whiz, each chapter number is a prime number and there are diagrams of math problems and maps (which he's very good at forming & memorizing) throughout the book.The story tugs at your heart as you read not only Christopher's poignant struggle to make sense of an over-stimulating world (his "favorite dream" is one in which everyone except people like him are dead and he can go anywhere without being accosted). The reader views through Christopher's eyes the struggles of "normal" people to make sense of their lives--which, alas, cannot be solved neatly like math problems.
This short read will bring you up to date on the European Union financial crisis while also touching on the history of the European Union and the impact of financial events in the United States and China on Europe's financial woes.The author does not over simplify the content so the clear summary points at the end of each chapter are very helpful.  Some understanding of currency valuations is necessary to follow the discussion.  Overall a very thoughtful and informative presentation which can be read in a sitting or two.
Very interesting to study why some ideas are lasting, yet some go away with the next wind.  Lots of applications to many fields.
I liked this book. It shows us a different side of immigration. I honestly only read this book because it was for school, but I ended up liking it. If you decide to read this book, you won't be disappointed.
A good way to judge a book is to consider if it inspired feelings you will always remember and in this regard I am fairly sure that this truly remarkable book will stay with me forever. Being my first Japanese book I had no idea of what to expect but what a surprise (a pleasant one that is). I found this book - on love, life and growing up - to be a real page turner. The novel is difficult to get into but once inside you are treated to a magical mystery tour of a young boy's first step into adulthood.Murakami may at some points be going a bit off the limb with his metaphors and allegories (he is no Fitzgerald in this area of writing) and one could even argue that the book is 100 pages to long but it doesn't matter because the scene, the characters are so exiting that it is hard to put down.To put it the same way one of the books main characters: "I want you to remember me. If you remember me, then I don't care if everybody else forgets." -  and yes I will remember and I will read more works of this strange, mystical author.
I bought this book because I love Neil Gaiman and he wrote the forward to the book. Although I can see how this would be a wonderful children's book - I too found it a well written story that was well worth the read. I intend to buy more of her books.
This was a thought provoking knowledge with depth.  I enjoyed the characters.  Took me a little while to get my head around the rules of time travel and then after I finished I realised I forgot to read the intro.
Greene was inspired by Ford Madox Ford's masterpiece of 1915, The Good Soldier, when he wrote The End of the Affair in 1951.  Ford called his 'the saddest story', and indeed, Greene's work is nearly as sad.The love-story between Bendrix and Sarah is told in weaving, unchronological prose, moving from past to future, rarely staying in the present.  As Bendrix loses Sarah, in the end, not to husband Henry, but to God, Bendrix's bitterness is firmly compounded, and the sadness of this story is not just the death of a lover, but the death of Bendrix's hope.  There are hints at the end of the novel that Bendrix, who finally acknowledges God in his very hatred of Him, will come to share the faith that made Sarah's last days of life make some sense.  But this is questionable.I strongly recommend this book to readers who likes Greene's detective fiction and his entertainments, but who crave a thinner book with a thicker theme.  It should be noted that the novel should be taken more seriously than the recent film made of the book, directed by Neil Jordan.  While Jordan's film was beautiful to watch, and the acting superb, the story was altered almost unrecognisably towards the end, and the assumption on the part of Jordan that the book was really about Greene and his mistress (Catherine Walston), coloured the film and destroyed much of its authenticity.Like all of Greene's works, this novel is largely problematic in theological terms, but as Greene works with paradoxes and rarely in terms of black and white, this is what we have come to expect, and love.
Everyone has probably seen a Marriott Hotel product on one of their drives. They are everywhere and have a diffeerent line of hotels to suit every need from Fairfield Inns, Residence Inns, Courtyard, Marriott, Ritz Carlton and others. What you may not know is the story of how those hotel came to be and what drives the success at Marriott. From their langthy Standards of Operation, to thier treatment of the thier employees is all explained for you to read. You get a great insight on a great company.While this is not a biography, there are many biographical moments where Mr. Marriott give a little insight on him and why he does what he does at the company. He explains some of the moments from when his father started the busines, to his army days to his life now.This is not you typical business how to book either because much of the information is geared to Marriott and the lodging industry while leaving it readable for all who want a book on success and business. He also helps to give insights on the Lodging and food industry and should be a must for Hotel and Management Students.Since I work for a Marriott product, it has help me to understand the organization better which makes me a better employee and more focused. The company has a great reputation and this book helps to define what is expected.He does explain the four rule of decision making which are:1. Be willing to make decisions. He fells this are the mostimportant.2. Do you homework. Just do not do it to obsession.3. Listen to your heart. Some times your heart knows best.4. Don't waiste time regretting. Sometimes a decision will lookbetter in hine sight, but some times you win, some times youloose. Just roll with them.This is a very inspriational book also. Where he speach about his personal experience with a heart attact and his religion.Recommended for all.
the book was interesting and gave you the information that you will use.  it was however not a book that I unless I was an ESL student would need to keep as a reference book.  Worth buying for the class but sell it back when your done.
A perfect summer read!  The author brings you right into that wonderful secret place and wraps you up in its beauty.  Recommend this to all ages.
My Lai is one of the darkest days in the history of the USA it reminds me of the massacre at wounded knee also carried out by American troops. My Lai is a part of the war in Vietnam war that needs to be discussed in HS and college classrooms with care. Students need to be shown what happened, the historic event acknowledged and discussed intelligently. Students need to be shown that it happened that atrocity happens in war but not everyday in Vietnam was a raging My Lai and not all Vietnam Vets are war criminals most served honorably.
We buy books like this to help us learn techniques to deal with those people "that you can't stand" but if you have your eyes open at all, we can all be "those people" when we are having a bad day.Really informative and glad I bought and read it!
I expected an excellent framework for agile product development (and got it), yet this book goes farther... it provides methods/attributes of leadership that are critical to Scrum success, are highly productive and leverage knowledge of the development team. It's great for managers and anyone with vested interest in getting results from highly creative teams.
I was recently on a reading binge that involved a prince with an ordinary girl.  Of the books I read in this genre, this was my favorite.There are parts of this book that are rather trite, but you should expect that even as you first read this book because hey, it's about a royal falling in love with an ordinary girl. So we have Bella, who's been away on a distant island for sevearl months, which explains why she doesn't recognize the prince.  She's lovely, she's normal, and she has the air-headedness that's requisite in these types of books.  She's not completely stupid, but she's also a little quirky.Then there Richard, the crown prince.  He's everything you would imagine in a prince--assertive, responsible, handsome, charming, etc.The book follows their relationship from how they meet, to how they start dating, their engagement, and the troubles they face.  However, the book doesn't try to create some greater purpose where one doesn't exist.  The purpose of this book is a light, fun, but well-written read, and it achieves that purpose wonderfully.  Yes, we know that the life of a royal may not be all fun and designer clothes.  We know that privacy becomes a highly prized commodity.  But rather than harping on that, this book allows the reader to indulge in the fantasy of the normal girl and her happily ever after with her prince.
Diana Gabaldon managed to draw me into her book to point I thought I was Claire myself. Her authentic presentation of the era. I am currently reading the next book in the series and can't put it down.
I love this book so much that I bought 12 copies and gave them to memebers of my reading groups.  I've read the whole series and was lucky enough to have Diana Gabaldon sign my copy of Breath of Snow and Ashes at the Writer's Festival in Atlanta this spring.  Jamie is so wonderful a male character that readers fantasize about him.  Claire gives the perspective of the 20th century from her time travel experience--but the books is not predominantly fantasy--on 18th century Scotland.  Great history, great characterization, you'll want to be from the Highlands.
I bought this book for a little boy who is almost 2 and has never been to the airport.  It is perfect in every way.  It guides the reader through each step of air travel, from arrival at the airport to takeoff. It is very factual, which is the type of book that toddlers understand.  They do not like imaginative thinking at this age. I really appreciate the page where the passengers put on their seatbelts.  I found this was a nice way to talk about difficulties getting into the car seat. The pictures are very detailed, the phrases are short and succint, and the length of the book is just right. All of these things are important when choosing a book for a toddler or preschooler who does not have a fully developed attention span. It has quickly become one of our favorite books.(side note for a toddler-I bought this book with the fisher price little people airport toy.  They were both a big hit and nice companion pieces)
In a compelling contrast between the economic density of the &quot;haves&quot; and the ever-changing paucity of the &quot;have-nots&quot;, this author very skillfully contrasts the lifestyle of the Mossbachers, a family who lives within a gated community, and the much less fortunate, the migrant worker, looking for a place to work and sleep, out of sight of the authorities. Of course Candido and America Rinco are illegal aliens, who in desperation are living just down the hill from the Mossbachers. The homeless couple try to create some kind of a shelter for themselves, while Candido attempts to find work. While crossing a street, Candido is struck by Mossbacher's car, but he disappears into the brush. Now Mossbacher must agonize over whether this 'accident' was planned and if he will be sued for everything he owns. It is a stunning contrast in reality, but if you live like a Mossbacher, you probably won't like this book as well as a reader who sees the faces of the workers and is concerned with moral responsibility more than the price of a lawyer. This is a very powerful story as every nightmare that can happen to the down and out, does happen, and the people behind the gates are not so safe, after all. Someone has to tend their gardens and kitchens and children.
"The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time" is a truly original book.  The plot centers around the life of fifteen-year-old Christopher Boone, who has autism and thrives on order.  When he discovers a neighbor's dog has been killed, impaled by a garden fork, Christopher is determined to solve the mystery of his death.  Yet while he begins looking into the mystery surrounding the dog, his own super-structured life starts to fall apart, and Christopher must learn how to survive outside of his comfort zone.Perhaps the most intriguing aspect of this novel is the narration of Christopher.  As someone who is autistic, he cannot respond to the outside world in the manner that most people do.  He cannot feel necessarily, although he can fathom emotions, and he cannot understand the nuances that factor into everyday life.  The narration, therefore, is straightforward, with an honesty and intensity that is enthralling.  Readers want to know what is going to become of this fascinating character, even though the mystery that sets up the novel seems to be over half-way through the book.Mark Haddon has done a remarkable job at crafting a character who is interesting and vivid, but also by offering readers a chance to step into a world that most would not understand.  The writing shows great insight into what it is like to live with autism, especially in the passages where Christopher is overwhelmed by too much stimuli in the outside world.  "The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time" is a fast paced, funny, and poignant novel, that will make readers wonder at all the things they miss when they can't see everything.
This was a good review of a clSsic novel.I probY got more out of it rereading it years later
This book one fat summer was a great book. This was the first book I actually wanted to read on my own with out having a teacher force me to.  The book starts out alright but as you get to the middle of the book it slows down a lot. But as you get towards the end of the book and the confrontation between Bobby Marks and Willie Rumson  it  picks up more with action. Over all I really thought this book was great. I recommend anyone to read it.
It sounds like a put-down, but THE GOOD SOLDIER SVEJK reads like a sitcom. A great sitcom. The characters are simple but loveable (or hateable), and the comic timing is incredibly tight. At almost 800 pages, the book demands  more attention than the average sitcom fan will allow, but those who  persevere will be well rewarded. They will experience Svejk, a character  for the ages who deserves his place along Falstaff or Don Quixote, as the  author Hasek deserves his place along satirists like Swift and  Rabelais.This original drawings that accompany the text in every edition  I have seen are wonderful. The book is such a success that it becomes the  case that you cannot even look at a picture of the good soldier Svejk and  his unfortunate compatriots without laughing. If you are curious about  history, or a fan of Catch-22 or MASH, you will completely enjoy this  classic of a book.
What a marvelous read! I thoroughly enjoyed every page, and it's the best novel I've read in ages.The author is an incredibly skilled writer. Her dialogue and characterization are spot-on; being a neopagan and quite familiar with Greek mythology, I could very much see this juxtaposition of ancient deities and modern postindustrial society coming to be in an alternate reality. She even captured the capriciousness and rivalry among the individual deities. And the two poor mortals stuck in the middle? I think we've all met them at one time or another. Wonderful, well-rounded people. This alone was worth the read.But the storyline itself is also a winner. While it's not the most complex in the world, there are a lot of neat little twists and turns throughout. And it's well-paced, without a single slow moment. While the ending was a little abrupt, and seemed a little disconnected from the rest of the story, I still thought it wrapped things up nicely.An excellent work--highly recommended!
A book of comedic genius.  Too bad the author wasn't recognized in his brief lifetime.  The main character in this book  is so vividly portrayed in words that you feel you know him intimately -- from the tufts of hair in his ears to his bumbling careen through life in New Orleans...how many other books portray as well those funny weiner carts pushed by hot dog vendors in New Orleans? Ignatius Reilly will make you double up in laughter, snort, guffaw, and will also imprint himself on your mind forever.  The descriptions of Ignatius performing his job duties after somehow being hired into positions way above his ability kinda reminds me of a recent US President...
It is somewhat ironic that we have to turn to a contemporary Marxist historian for the best account of these godly people, on fire for liberty, justice, and equality.And perhaps a secularising interpretation is best for contemporary readers, many of whom are probably not well enough grounded in Scripture to follow the original writings of these people.  The allusions will be lost to them, and the original texts may just seem like pious screeds without practical application.  The author's secularising interpretations will help them understand.Some of these authors were definitely radical, and all may have been prone to getting carried away.  When men become free to choose what they believe, some will inevitably choose things that seem wrong.  I do think that the author tries too hard to suggest serious unorthodoxy on their part.As a whole, though, they seem steeped in the spirit of the Hebrew prophets.  The very notion of a Christian Left seems almost inconceivable to people in the USA today.  The influence on the revolutionary generation in colonial America seems obvious as well.  To hear the stories of these Diggers, Levellers, and Ranters is to point out a path not taken: an early and Christian counterculture.
This is a thought-provoking story about apartheid, and it caused me to question my own moral convictions. It raises the Q of what we are willing to sacrifice for our beliefs. Can injustices be corrected? How do we balance our desires for pleasure and our compelling need to engage in a worthwhile struggle? Some people report that this is a difficult read. Yes, it does contain actual court documents and news reports, but the story is enhanced by them. Do not be discouraged by its length! I LOVE this book.
In the beginning of the book the Author mentions he doesn't think his colleagues are right in that he created a whole new category of business book. I would agree with him. Having said that, its a solid book. Well written with some new ways of looking at old problems in the beginning then about 40% of the way it hits on things I have heard and read and experienced before. But it is worth reading. Lots of good and timely points on a variety of business subjects. I liked it.
It's especially nice that the CD came with this book.  It is almost impossible to larn a new language, without being able to hear it.
The theories Richard Bach relates to us as readers are great.  I love his writing and I love his story lines.  He can make the most basic principle into an interesting book.  I recommend anything Richard Bach writes.
There was much ado when Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee was initially published.  Its critical acclaim along with its brisk sales were also accompanied with critics from academia claiming that Dee Brown was plagiarizing from other people's research without the proper credits or footnotes.  Being a rather skeptical history student myself I've avoided reading this work.  So after forty three years my curiosity finally gave in and I finally took in Dee Brown's story.Brown actually starts from the beginning when the Europeans first came to North America and follows the story of the American Indians to its sad conclusions in the late 19th century.  The stories told herein are a sad repeating of the white man's treachery and broken treaties based on lies with no honor whatsoever.  From the Eastern settlements, all the way to the West Coast we see the Native Americans being forced ever westward until they ran out of space.Americans considered the Native American Indians as sub-humans.  They were considered persona non grata.  From the tribes of the Navaho, the Sioux, the Cheyenne and Arapaho onto the Apaches, the Modoc onto the Utes and Ponca the Americans dealt with all these tribes in the same shameful way.How the United States dealt with the Indians is truly a sad chapter in American history.  In fact it wasn't until past the mid-20th century when upon self-reflection our country realized the error of our ways.  Hence the writing of such a book as this work has brought forth the real true history of these times.It was only eighty years ago when Hitler first came to power and started his twelve year Reich which was ensconced in an organized effort to rid Europe of all Jews whom he considered to be sub-human.  Does this sound familiar?  And to think that after WWII, we Americans were so revolted about the actions of the Nazis.  When our country in fact perpetrated a similar action against the Native American Indians and very nearly made them extinct.In John Toland's book on Adolph Hitler it was duly noted by Toland: "Hitler's concept of concentration camps as well as the practicality of genocide owed much, so he claimed, to his studies of English and United States History.He admired the camps for Boer prisoners in South Africa and for the Indians in the Wild West; and often praised to his inner circle the efficiency of America's extermination-by starvation and uneven combat-of the red savages who could not be tamed by captivity."One thing is certain of Brown's book is that the American Indian did not go quietly to their demise.  They fought with bravery and at times combat-ready savagery.  They were fighting for their way of life and their land!  In doing so, they really wanted to be left alone and in peace.  This was not to be, and the United States was playing out "Manifest Destiny."So these stories of treachery and shame from our young government are told in a frank and honest book.  I am glad I read it and it deserves every one of the five stars.
Not having read Graham Greene other than The Power and the Glory, I was happy to read this short late work of the well-known and highly regarded author. From the opening sentence to the last, I felt enlightened by this literary gem. Rather brief, concise without any extraneous description or unnecessary rhetoric, Doctor Fischer of Geneva or The Bomb Party tells a love and hate story that is emotionally moving and thought provoking. The love is that of man for his younger wife, and theirs is an enviable love, comfortable companionship, and warm compassion. The hate is for her father.The events in the book are simple enough--man marries younger woman whose mother died due to the manipulative antics of a wealthy but cold-hearted husband. The daughter's hatred of her father gets transferred to her husband who experiences the rude viciousness of the wealthy man through his abhorrent and insulting parties. These parties involve other wealthy people who receive presents if they are willing, and they are, to be verbally abused. The condition for the present is to accept whatever the antagonist dishes out to the individuals at the party. Rather than the acceptance being a lifting of integrity, the book strongly suggests a destruction of the soul at each party with the ultimate self-destruction occurring by Doctor Fischer.The final party called The Bomb Party is especially gripping and rather frightening. The people make greedy decisions in a gamble for their lives, willing to sacrifice all for additional wealth, subjecting themselves to the ultimate degradation. Yet one man races to the goal, not for the reward, not out of greed, but rather out of his own despair. As he nears his personal goal he recognizes that his own destruction does not mean near as much as the methodical and deliberate destruction of the soul of Dr. Fischer. In this realization comes the gift, the gift of life.As this marvelous book progresses, the sadness of the story gives way to an ironical victory. Integrity, values, and love somehow rise to the top whereas the despicable behavior of Doctor Fischer finally is demonstrated for what it is. Read as a cynical diatribe against the wealthy, this book is a rather depressing story lacking in redeeming value. Yet read as a kind of Dorian Gray story where evil receives its just reward, this is an energetic, emotional book with a paradoxical optimism. Tightly constructed, well-written, smooth style, and mostly intriguing, this is a powerful story by a master writer. I have to wonder if this book is allegorical for the causes of wars and the hatred that exists in the world. Highly recommended.
Harry Hole, an inspector from the Oslo Crime Squad is sent to Sydney to observe the investigation of a murder case involving a high profile young woman from Norway.He is assigned to work with the Sydney police and not take an active role. Andrew Kingston of the police will act as his escort during his stay. Andrew is an Aborigine who has overcome much in his life. He also has many tales of the history of his people that he shares during the downtime of the investigation. This adds to the character development and makes Andrew a very likable character.Harry and Andrew work together with other members of the detective unit and we come across an interesting cast of characters. They also uncover that a number of women were murdered with the same way as the case Harry is interested in so they feel a serial killer is at work.The pacing is swift and the suspense mounts throughout. The author also adds a number of surprises that keep the reader's attention and make the story unique.Harry meets a young woman and they form a romantic relationship. He tells her of his past in Norway and an accident while he was chasing a suspect. Harry was intoxicated and crashed the car he was driving, killing his partner. For this reason, he is trying to stay away from drinking alcohol. He doesn't succeed in this and the road to alcoholic dependency is played out in the second portion of the story.I enjoyed the story but was disappointed that Harry wasn't able to live up to the heroic image I had for him at the start of the case. The frailty of Harry's resolve and the human failure of other characters is well played in the novel.3 1/2 stars moving up to 4 for the story and descriptions.
A very quick read and delightful story.  Grisholm writes and entertaining story of a family that decides to forego Christmas and take a Cruise instead.  You can imagine what scenerio's come to fruition throughout this funny short story.A cute ending that will instill the spirit of Christmas lasts forever.  I recommend.
Emotional Vampires:  Dealing with People who Drain you DryThe focus of this book is individuals with personality disorders.  The author, (Bernstein, 2001) refers to these individuals as emotional vampires and emphasizes that they are not like regular people.  They go through life by their own rules and they are not fair.  They use us to meet their needs.  They draw us in and then drain us dry.Bernstein (2001) limits the discussion of personality disorders to only five of the eleven disorders covered in Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) of American Psychiatric Association  (APA). The coverage includes: (1) Antisocial ,(2) Histrionic, (3)  Narcissism, (4) Obsessive Compulsive, &  (5) Paranoia. The author includes scenarios to illustrate the traits of these personality disordered individuals. Humor is also used liberally to make the major points.  I believe that the damage done by these personality disordered individuals is a serious matter.  I recognize that one way to handle profoundly serious subject matter is to make it funny. However, for whatever reason I did not care much about Bernstein's funny approach. There is no doubt that after reading the book, you will  be more informed about these personality disordered individuals.  You might also learn how to deal with them.  I recommend that you  visit Bernstein's website.  It contains useful information for dealing with negative emotions and difficult human beings.
Worth it! If you plan on any type of actual real engineering and not some hillbilly rigging of a project it's definately something of value to consider. Essential in terms of making a true calculation beyond a table knapkin scribble.
While the majority of human thought struggle to find (or avoid) the answers to their existence from outside themselves, there are those born with a 'knowing' which comes from within. It is as if a communication  exists within them that is closed to most. Furthermore, while the majority  of human literature urges the reader to look outside themselves for the  answers (or to shun those answers), there are some who opens up that inner  communication of 'knowing'. This is such a book. The wonderful paradox of  Seth is that whether he is the subconscious of late Jane Roberts or  seperate somehow -speaking from the mainstream point of view- does not in  any way deter his message. Instead it further solidifies it because of the  obvious brilliance of the author. I have FELT his message to be true, and I  will explain how I know this. How can it otherwise be that while reading  this book, I can stop on the middle of the page and 'remember' the rest  without reading on? This book is not dogma; this book is a trigger to  realize a truth that words cannot speak. Our language is not constructed to  refer to I as the first, second, and third person simultaneously. I AM. I  WILL. I CREATE. Read this book if you haven't, and you will perhaps see for  yourself. For there is no 'You', or is that what 'you' call 'your' Self?
I like the character of Temperance Brennan, and so I always look forward to the newest book in the series. Reichs has a knack for making murder mysteries thrilling and graphic --sometimes a little too &#34;gross&#34; for my taste, but the characters are engaging enough to outweigh it. This is a good one and I read through it quickly and enjoyed it thoroughly.
She has not disappointed me yet. I had wanted a good history of Harold not knowing much about him. This book was interesting throughout and informative. I love the way she weaves her tales. She is one of my favorite authors.
This is a very funny book; a really enjoyed it.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars not 5 is that it went on a bit long...could have used a bit of editing for the ending.  Highly recommend though..
I've bought books, and I've bought books, but I haven't had one like this one. It's great. Everything I read in it I can understand and the lightbulb goes on. I'm using it now to enhance my own web storefront, Zeke's Dragon Nest, at [...] to sell my books. Thank you for making this book available.
This book has been out for some time, and I expect the plot may have been scoffed at by some when first released  on the grounds that "it will never happen." I won't summarize the plot here, as other reviewers have done so already.Reading the book now, in the context of the current administration (c. 2005) and the rise of fundamentalism in the US, it's clear the book's plot is closer than you think.Here's one small, but jarring example: the handmaids in the book shop for their robes and veils at a 'lilies of the field' store. A store very much like this, with the same name, already exists in the US - it even has a web site.Read the book for what might be a preview of the future of the US.
400 years as a child of the nightThe morning approacheswith its deadly white hot lightIf he steps into it he will surely be destroyedAt that momentSomething he does not wish to avoidSuddenlyAn epiphanyThen, peaceArmand embraces itFully
This is the story of the so-called lost generation of American writers, their alienation from their American roots, their attempts to replace America's "mechanical" values with moral values, by escaping to Europe or into themselves. Of their struggle to reconcile their need for self-expression with their need to make a living. The crass money values of America drove them overseas, but their need for American money always drew them back, back to an America that was changed, in their perceptions.This is not an easy read. It is literary criticism but also contains strong elements of aesthetics, philosophy, history, and especially, sociology. So many interweaving threads are hard to follow. The isms involved are complex: Bohemianism, Dadaism, Symbolism, etc. But there are  flashes of brilliant writing here.The author was steeped in literature, up to his neck. He lived it, full-time. He knew the big names on both sides of the Atlantic. This book is very much an inside view of the mostly-American literary scene to 1930.
David Lee Roth ain't Bob Dylan. Hell, he's not even Bob Daisley. Why is it, then, that his lyrics have been so influential in my ideological development? Certainly I could have taken more from some of Dylan's (or Ozzy's I guess) more profound statements on love and life. Why does the line "Take a chance: you're old enough to dance" hit me so hard in the gut? Same for "I'm takin' whiskey to the party tonight and I'm lookin' for somebody to squeeze." Same for "I live my life like there's no tomorrow" and "This is home, this is mean street" and "Ain't talking `bout love."There's something about Van Halen's music that appeals to the reptilian brain I think we've all still got in us. I don't know much about that stuff, but there's a base level connection made between a Van Halen song and my soul (or whatever, I'm just using a blanket term to talk about the other point of connection. Use what you'd like). Sure, it's mostly a bunch of male-centric, chest-thumping, borderline misogynistic bulls***, but it's all so innocent. It's the dirty hesher in his bitchin' Trans Am yelling "Nice legs, what time do they open?" to chicks outside the 7-11. The guy is a dumba**, yes, but he's sincere. Maybe one chick looks down and goes "Yeah, I do have nice legs" and she comes back later for a soda or something and the same scumbag rocker sitting in the same spot listening to the other side of The Cult's Electric. He invites her into the car. So she goes. They make out until the tape flips over and then they drive somewhere and get it on to "Peace Dog". "Drop drop your lovin' down on me, child" and then they share a joint and he drops her back off in front of the gas station. Nobody's talking about a relationship and nobody's interested in anything but what just happened. Nobody's talkin' `bout love.The writing in this book isn't fantastic, obviously. I mean, there isn't a ghostwriter or editor in the world that's going to make David Lee Roth sound like Faulkner. Of course, that's not what DLR is about. DLR on the page sounds like DLR on a microphone. Therein lays the problem: this is a book, not an audio/visual interview. Some of the stories drag, like the stuff about mountain climbing and a few the stories about his youth, and some of them just don't come off as good as they should/could have. I can only chalk it up to inexperience in written word storytelling. This is the biggest problem with the book, and it's still minor. Some of these stories are impossible to f*** up.Diamond Dave very wisely decided to not go ahead with a traditional, linear autobiography, instead opting for a series of a few dozen random stories ranging anywhere from a couple sentences to a dozen pages. "M+Ms", "Roadwork", and "Wars & Remembrance" are all fantastic little non-sequiturs that tell us what Roth is all about: owning yourself with complete honesty (and booze and girls and all the trimmings)."Reunion Blues" is the best "chapter", as it's the closest to talking s*** that he gets in the book. It was almost disappointing to see Dave take the high road, but I'm not surprised. Dave never seemed to be an ego-maniac like Eddie Van Halen. Dave was just the life of the party and he knew it just like everyone else did. He even gives EVH props by commenting on Ed's complaining about all the media coverage of the ill-fated DLR reunion by saying "As if anyone in the f***ing solar system thinks of Eddie V. as a backup guitar player. If somebody does, well, then I'm the singer for Up With People." Dave comes off cool-headed and Zen throughout the whole book, and while I'm sure a lot of it is because, well, it's his f***ing book, I'm sure he's on the level pretty much all the time. And I'm pretty sure that level is a non-stop party with all the labor being that elusive "labor of love."It's that route to happiness, the one that goes through fun and only fun, that makes Roth's autobiography - and, ultimately, classic Van Halen - so fulfilling. It's such a difficult path. Fun and happiness sure are easy to confuse, right? That's how people turn into alcoholics and perverts and social leeches. It's fun to drink excessively and f*** a lot of broads and be unemployed and/or living at home, but that's probably not happiness. Which isn't to say it can't be, but it just takes a certain outlook and execution of that particular ideal to make it work. For proof, look no further than Crazy From the Heat.
I liked the Happiness Hypothesis yet I found it difficult to critique.  Why?  Well, it's probably not the type of book I usually read.  In fact it sat on my coffee table for over a month before I got started.  When I did, I found it fascinating.Jonathan Haidt is a Professor of Psychology.  I would love to be one of his Psych 101 students.  He tells a good story with lots of examples and presents most, if not all, of the "breakthrough" research in social psychology over the last 50 years.  What's interesting about the Happiness Hypothesis is that Haidt relates much of what he has researched to many of the early Greek and Roman philosophers, and early religious leaders such as Buddha.  If you're not into philosophy, don't be put off by this as he also shows how we use (or potentially can use) many of these findings in our day to day living.I was particularly taken by Haidt's account of how language (in people) developed and how it can affect our thinking.  For example, if you want to know how to avoid pesky salespeople, then there are some very good hints on the language they use to get you in.The Happiness Hypothesis is a story of discovery - a story of Haidt's discovery of what makes us happy or unhappy.  As such, I think it should be a "must read" for anyone interested in the topic.  Unfortunately, some readers, despite Haidt's passion for story telling and despite the interesting and often captivating content, will tire of it.  The sentences and paragraphs are long.For those of you who are always asking "Why?", this will be compelling and sometimes challenging, reading.  For those who like to see the big picture or get to the core of the topic quickly, I'd still recommend it - just focus on those chapters of particular interest and certainly the "Conclusion On Balance".It would have been good to have had a text like this when I did Psych 101.Bob Selden, author of What To Do When You Become The Boss: How new managers become successful managers
No problems.
Wonderful book for a reference for my classes. Provides some good ideas on how to work with individuals that have this disorder. Would recommend to others.
I am a fan of inspector Frost. The first two books in the series are marvelous, and I have read them several times over the years. This, the third has all the ingredients of a Frost-novel: It is fairly realistic, very human, serious and funny at the same time, and with a sad undertone. Only I found this sequel just a little bit repetitive; but that's maybe because the police officers work around the clock due to a flue epidemic. I like it and recommend it.
I saw that this book had only one review, and I thought what I great injustice that was for this book has surprising depth. The story of the characters' romance is kind of whirlwind but also believable in it's on way. You get to know them as individuals (especially Bella) AND how they come to be the couple that they are. I felt like I was with them on their journey. This was an addictive read for me, maybe cause I'm all about fairytales and Prince Charming; but here we see that Prince Charming has some personality flaws just like everybody else and learn along w/Bella that on the road to true love we have to take the flaws and all.The only bad thing I can say is that I was left w/o an epilogue. But that's just me; I'm always left unsatisfied if I don't have a look into the lives after the happy ending. This in no way takes away from the book just that I wished I had more time w/Bella and Richard. That is just a testament to how much I loved this book. A definite re-read for me!
To the best of my knowledge, Ciardi&#8217;s poetry is new to me. Some are deliciously daring such as About The Teeth of Sharks, where a boy is told to look further and further inside a shark&#8217;s mouth until: &#8220;Now look in and&#8230;. Look out! Oh my, I&#8217;ll never know now! Well, goodbye.&#8221; Others are sensibly smart such as The Wise Hen, where a hen took a walk with a fox but knew better than to accept an invitation to go home with him: &#8220;I will just get wet, And then get dry as best I can. So good day to you, sir. And away she ran.&#8221;You&#8217;ll notice that these are both animals. Besides Halloween, both domestic and wild critters were popular subjects. My cat and I especially liked how many poems were about felines. One even could have been a tribute to Lucy, talking about the cat who never knows its mind, one minute wanting outside and the next minute wanting in.My favorite poem is the most serious. Arvin Marvin Lillisbee Fitch is about a boy who rode his broomstick during his dreams, one day decided to keep his dreams a smaller size, which made them &#8220;beautiful but perhaps a little dull&#8221; and so led him to conclude &#8220;It was more fun when I dreamed high.&#8221; During my recent  book share, I took Ciardi&#8217;s poems to read aloud to my students and most of them eagerly listened.
This is my new favorite book! I think it should be required reading for everyone who calls himself an American.  At first, I'll admit I was intimidated by its size, but I wanted to read it because of its &quot;classic&quot; status. It earns its honored position from the start. One can compare the trials of the Joads to those of Holocaust victims or Civil War participants. I am not saying their experiences are as horrible as those of the Jews and soldiers, but it is amazing that we (as a country at the time) could care so little for our own brothers. These people were not leeches before the Bank takes over the land. They made an honest living and worked very hard for it. Then they have to force themselves to rely on the kindness of strangers when they move West. Pride is broken sometimes, but it is ultimately restored, as the &quot;reds&quot; realize they must take care of each other to survive. Also, I have never been so moved as I was by the ending. If you've read this before, you know what I'm talking about.  If you have yet to be so blessed, you'll find out soon enough.  Do NOT miss this awesome novel!
Rules of the Hunt, by Michael Dalton Johnson, was a very unique read.  He is absolutely correct when he says that this book will teach you things you will never learn in business school.  And the information he offers is terrfic and very helpful.  However, it's also a LOT of information to absorb all at once.  I recommend reading a chapter a week, so all the great lessons will stick in your brain.  Aimee Elizabeth, best selling author of "Poverty Sucks! How to Become a Self-Made Millionaire."
This book was bought as a Christmas present for a freshwater fisherman.  He seems to be enjoying reading it so far.
This book is about the representation of hierarchical data in SQL. On the surface, SQL does not lend itself directly to representation of hierarchal data due to the fact that it is set oriented. Yet hierarchal data is used frequently to relate things in the real world. For example, a employee hierarchy is used to represent who is subordinate to whom and hierarchies are used for the creation of products with a large amount of parts, for example, in a car, a dashboard of the car contains a speedometer, a radio and a glove compartment, each of which can be represented by a hierarchy in which the parts of the dashboard are represented as being contained in the dashboard. This book discusses the various ways in which database designers have addressed this problem. There are many ways to represent hierarchical data in a SQL and each chapter of this book is devoted to the details of one particular solution. Due to the fact that this is a pretty advanced subject, I was surprised that I was able to follow this book with my intermediate knowledge of SQL. There is little need to know advanced features of SQL such as triggers and things like that, in fact if you can create tables, including all the details inherent in them, and do transformations on them (insertion, deletion, etc) I think you will be able to understand this book. If you are a beginner at SQL, you could get the author's book called "Joe Celko's SQL for Smarties" which will give you enough information to read this book.
Many of my friends told me how difficult it was to read this book. But I had the pleasure of listening to it while I commuted to work and it came alive! It wasn't difficult at all. William Kennedy would be a perfect dinner guest because this would be a book to talk about for hours.
Karin Slaughter has written one of the better series with these stories about Will Trent. I have been reading her novels for sometime and only now realizing that I have been enjoying these characters for sometime.
A very good book for everyone on this life journey. Very helpful. A must read in one's lifetime. This is a book you go back to after a while.
Great book, well written, great organization, one of the best books for classroom.Very good and practical examples.  You'll actually see how knowing a little bit of physics can help you understand your usage of daily appliances, and you can participate in intelligent converstaions without sounding silly!
David Niven's THE MOON'S A BALLOON is a great autobiography and a hilarious romp of a read. His take on his childhood, his military war years, and his career in Hollywood offers a rare glimpse into a remarkably talented and surprisingly likeable man. Remarkable and talented people aren't always likeable but through this book we come to know something more than the sceen image of a character actor who often outshined the bigger names.Given that no real scandals have surfaced since his death or tell-all 'Daddy done whopped me with a metal coathanger' book by his offspring then I'd venture to guess that David Niven didn't let Hollywood get in the way of being a decent human being.I received this as a gift way back when thinking I wouldn't like it and today, all of these years later, it's still on my bookshelf with other books I can't seem to part with.Great entertainment from a great entertainer.
A classic tale providing bot entertainment and life lessons for both children and adults alike. A good read, and an excellent fantasy story.
if you like boats, any boats, from browsing through plans to thinking about building your own some day without out breaking the budget, this is a great book; it leans toward the functional rather than the decorative but if you can't find a boat, or three, that tickles your fancy you just don't like boats; this could lead you to googling Phil Bolger, or the Friends of Bolger plans site, to broaden you mind even further; have fun!
Just as it has happened with the previous books, I can't put this one down. Great characters and great story.
This book provides an excellent over view of what a course of med-surg would contain.  There is a wealth of information available,
"Curious Incident" starts out as a story of a murdered dog, but quickly develops into much more. Christopher Boone, the book's narrator, tells us of his discovery of the mysterious death of Wellington, the neighbor's poodle. But it quickly become apparent that there is something "off" about Christopher. He screams when people touch him; he is weirdly attentive to details that most people ignore; he is extremely literal-minded; and he is oddly polite in a mechanical way that is unusual for a teenager. Clearly, he is either autistic or has Asperger's Syndrome, and this puts a bizarre twist on what would be an ordinary mystery.In spite of his father's opposition, Christopher decides to track down Wellington's murderer. For a young man in his condition, this proves to be a daunting task. Christopher's dogged persistence draws him into painful family secrets and takes him far beyond the confines of his comfortable and predictable life. That last comment, about his "comfortable and predictable life" is not a slap at his family's bourgeois values. For Christopher, predictability and routine are lifelines to sanity and functioning. Without his time table and the rules invented by his teachers, he is lost. That he is willing to step outside these bounds is an indicator of his courage and determination.It doesn't take long to begin seeing the world through Christopher's eyes, and this is a wonderful by-product of this book. Autistic children seem alien, with their routines and lack of affect. But seen from the inside, there is a definite logic to their actions. By the end of the book, I cringed when Christopher was mishandled by people who should have known better than to ignore his taboos -- the color yellow, strangers and using unfamiliar toilets. By the end of the book, I was starting to wonder whether I was more like Christopher than the others - those poor individuals who see only a nice field of cows when Christopher sees 19, including the 5 facing uphill, not to mention another two dozen details."Curious Incident" does not make Christopher a saint. He can lie -- by purposefully avoiding the literal sense of the commands of others. And he is difficult and exasperating, especially to his working class parents who love him, but cannot understand his world. The centrifugal effect that autism can have on a family is on display throughout this story.I have been recommending "Curious Incident" to everyone I have spoken to. The book was an informative and a thoroughly enjoyable experience from beginning to end. Narrator Jeff Woodman was wonderful, expertly giving Christopher just enough emotion to avoid monotone, but not so much as to make him unbelievable.A masterpiece.
My passion for travel and discovery made this man and his writings a great addition to my library. In Patagonia is a great introduction to Chatwin's style and stories of exploration, and the delivery is pleasant. He goes beyond the tourist venues to become immersed in local culture, and then shares his experiences in such a way as to make me grateful he did.What makes his writings more than simply a travelogue is the ability to make culture and perspective not only accessible, but fun!For those that want to go everywhere and do everything, Bruce Chatwin is a great example: he did. He did, and his writings are a beautiful tribute to that passion to go off the beaten track.
The successful companies are not afraid to confront the problem when it arises and discuss it rationally.Even though directed more toward a business or office atmosphere, the same techniques can be applied  to family and friends.  The example stories cover a broad array of possible circumstances, which will help when conversations turn crucial (or critical).  The chapters flow well, with a touch of humor.  The skills can be easily learned.  Chapters 1-2 are an introduction; Chapters 3-9 details how to use each skill;  Chapters 10-12 is a summary and contains advanced study tools.The authors believe good communication skills (talking, listening and acting together) start with the heart.  To some these skills may seam obvious, but they are also meant to boost or to rid ourselves of years of bad habits.  They will then become more conscience as practiced.First is to recognize we need this book.  Then we need to utilize it and build our communication skills to make them habits.  I believe it is safe to say that most who pick this book up will come away with an improvement in some area."To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often" --- Winston Churchill
I liked the book well enough, although I do agree with those reviewers who say that the relationship between Kestrel and Sally felt contrived at best. Also at the end she was disposed off rather  conveniently a la James Bond, presumably so that Mr. Kestrel can find another love interest in forthcoming books.That said, it is rather interesting book and a good read.I will be reading other books by Ms. Ross with interest.
I was totally blown away by this book, especially by Christopher's unique understanding of his world.The ways in which Christopher perceived his world and those things that happened to him that he couldn't possibly understand were written with incredible skill, sensitivity, and understanding.  To me, as the mother of an autistic spectrum teen, this  was the amazing value of the book.  I am never quite sure how my son sees his world or himself in it, and I gratefully found this book to be a window into how he must be thinking.I also identified closely with the struggles encountered by Christopher's parents and the obvious strain that his autistic behaviors put on their marriage.  When Christopher's father brings him home from jail, he cried.  I did, too--It's all too real.  Yet there is NO way that the reader is allowed ever to feel sorry for Christopher.  He manuvers through his world with courage and optimism.  He knows exactly what he must do, and he does it.Throughout the book it is interesting to me how Christopher describes the actions of his parents in such an adept way that the reader can clearly intuit their feelings, while Christopher was totally oblivious of what they were or what the responses meant.I am sure I will re-read this book many times and would still welcome a book of Christopher's further adventures.
This book explains how the subconscious mind works and how you can have it work for you.  I enjoyed it and recommend it to those who have an interest in using their subconscious to better their lives.
Caps for Sale is a family favorite. My husband does a wonderful job at making the monkey noises. It's a fun story to act out.
Like all of Conrad's works, Nostromo contains a well structured plot, strong well defined characters and a message. No question that Conrad can be as verbose as Henry James but, unlike James, Conrad has something intersting to say. Nostromo is a man of the people who is used by the European aristocracy that rule a South American 'banana republic' to do their dirty work. Nostromo eventually is corrupted by the demands and is eventually undone by it.Most critics beleive that Nostromo is Conrad's best work.
I bought this book in e style and had a 4 hour flight. I got off the flight looking for my next book.
Again and again Henning Mankell gives us a masterpiece. His terrific novels are not for the thrill-seekers and people with short attention span. His plots unrevel slowly and sometimes painstakingly, as I would imagine real investigations do.There are blind alleys and insecurities, and detectives are tired and occassionaly cranky. He is not only an exceptional mystery writer, but his astute assessment of our troubled times have accuracy of so-called serious novelists. Mr. Mankell manages the improbable, he excites and depresses us in the same time. Quite a feat for a mere scribbler of crime books.
I'm not an advanced trader or anything, but this book is a great learning tool to begin with.  It's a great visual guide and easy to pick up.  The book is written so that pretty much anyone can pick it up and read.  It's technical but easy to follow.  I haven't tried using my real money to test out the ins and outs, but maybe one day.If you want to learn more about technical analysis and more advanced trading, pick this book up and give it a read.
New York: Late 1958Walter Withers had given the best years of his life to the CIA, setting honeytraps and reeling in the victims of his plots. but Withers has returned to his hometown for an easier, safer life as a Private investigator.Manhattan in the late Fifties is alive with new possibilities, new sounds and new faces, including young presidential hopeful Senator Joe Keneally. Withers is assigned to bodyguard Keneally's girlfriend at a society gathering: a simple enough job. But next morning, she's dead - and Withers is the prime suspect.To clear his name, Withers must take on his old masters from the CIA, as well as J Edgar Hoover's FBI, all of them determined to set Keneally up. And Withers, expert hunter, becomes another disposable victim of the trap closing in on the Senator...
730 pages later, I can't say that I've had a more enjoyable, rewarding reading experience thus far. Mulisch's Discovery of Heaven is absolutely brilliant. Great symbolism, lovable characters, ideas that make your head spin, clever dialogue and more. It's one of those books that doesn't feel like a 700 pager and I almost didn't want it to end so that I could continue to revel in the world of Onno, Max, Ada and Quinten. With an elaborate story line that seems to twist into some other direction at every other chapter, the you just won't want to put it down. The book is dense, intricate, subtle, and challenging but worth every page. Easily on my top 5 books of all time. Pick it up and read it when you've got a lot of time on your hands. You'll want to devote a lot of time to this one.
Its a well written action packed story that keeps you captivated.  I enjoyed it and will certainly read more of his books.
This is a well written book discussing aspects of marketing that are new and changing. It is relevant to big business, and more importantly to government and education. I hope the ideas presented will be appreciated and put into practice by a wide audience.
The text is well done with some interesting details about marble and bricks, the quirks of personalities, and the process of decision-making in 15th century Florence, HOWEVER...I would have enjoyed it more if  more time had been spent comparing and contrasting the construction of the Duomo with the Pantheon and Hagia Sophia. Also, I was amazed at the lack of detailed drawings to illustrate what was being said in the text. Nevertheless, if you're interested in architecture, this is a must read.
I like long airplane rides because I get to read well-written books like Ardath's new book. It is refreshing to read a book written by an author who knows how to write, organize thoughts and make it sound so compelling and contagious. In reading this book, I learned logical and sound strategies that confirm the value of smart content. I recommend this book for salespeople and marketing pros who need to understand how to position enterprise solutions in today's sales 2.0 landscape.
This is an easy to read, &#34;story book,&#34; with such an important metaphorical message ... about &#34;changes&#34; that happen in our lives ... or, metaphorically, our &#34;cheese moving.&#34;Times, they are a'changing ... and our &#34;cheese&#34; continues to &#34;move.&#34;  We can either adapt ... and prosper, or sit around and complain, and be miserable and unhappy.This book has been around for a long time and read by a great many people.  As such, you've probably heard people talking about their &#34;cheese moving,&#34; and how they are going to react to the change.
I just wanted to know how to pronounce "Gibilisco", but I would also like to say that I photoread Demystifying Math Proofs from front to back and then upside down from back to front (after overviewing it). Photoreading math books make the studying part seem like a review.  Try it! (see Photoreading by Paul Scheele)  Personally I require that math teachers TALK to me.  I need analogies so that I can hook the new information to my existing frame of reference.  Stan Gibilisco is MY KIND OF TEACHER.  Now, how in the world does he pronounce Gibilisco?  Does the first letter sound like a "g" or a "j"?  And which syllable has the accent?Fast Eddie Wong of EGOBLOW (A martial arts and mental math game) [...]
Plauger's book is of course a classic, but like the other great classic that it complements (Kernighan and Ritchie), it deals with an older C standard. It would be nice to have a version that is up-to-date with the most current C standard, C11.
And that's the first time I say something like that! I had never read a book by S.Maugham, only knew him by name. The writing is a bit like Oscar Wilde's - with an overuse of the word "ironic" that was a little tiring - and quite beautiful.Because I had seen the film beforehand, it provided a background and atmosphere and more "local color" to exotic early 20th century China when I was reading the book - and a sense of upcoming doom because I knew the end. I think I would have found the reading a bit slow going if I hadn't had these "mental pictures" from the film.What I really liked is how un-novel-like it is : there is no striking epiphany or wonderful reconciliation; we just see - no, "live inside" - Kitty's feelings, and witness her growing maturity and selflessness. It's not your classic "redeeming love" plot.It's about people making mistakes and being foolish and looking for happiness each in their own way, without a hint of judgment.It's a bit slow, yes, but very sweet.
I particularly liked the details.  Steinbeck just so well paints his stories- you can see what's happening, even though I have never seen the details myself in real life.  I wish I had!  I wish I could see life as clearly as he does.  I find myself realizing for the first time the difference in a woman's chin from that of a man, though subconsciously from a distance you can tell the gender without knowing why.  How a man looks old only because of the way his heel touches the ground.  I fully understand the uncomfortability of someone with coal black eyes, though I don't remember ever seeing such a person.  I see how a peddler can get a buyer by becoming a buyer himself.  Or what it is like to be in a mind of a self-justified racist lyncher.  Sometimes Steinbeck gets so into the minds of others I am uncomfortably unsure of where he stands- it is as with a consummate actor, who becomes his character.  But of course my favorite story of all is Saint Katy the Virgin, of a demonic pig become Christian and saint, &quot;stretched prostrate on the ground, making the sign of the cross with her right hoof and mooing softly in anguish at the realization of her crimes.&quot;  I've always known that pigs were worthy of salvation...
I grew up on British Comedy....and once I found Jeeves and Wooster I was in heaven....once I realized that there were so many other great Wodehouse novels I eagerly devoured them all!A Damsel in Distress is typical Wodehouse!  Wit, eccentrics and a wild plot that all comes together in the end.  A smile in each paragraph and a laugh on each page!
I've purchased several of Mr. Monk's books and they have all been very good. He and the publisher have taken the right track by segregating each book into the appropriate audience level. I would place this book in the intermediate level, as it assumes you are familiar with C and have done some Arduino programming. However, sprinkled throughout the book are little nuggets that might take you years to discover on your own. Each chapter discusses one subject (e.g., USB programming, signal processing, interrupts, etc.) The organization makes it perfect for the programmer with some Arduino experience because, at that level, you are likely reading this book to address some problem that you are experiencing. Another measure of the utility of a book is the depth of its index. Indeed, it's one of the first things I check when buying a book, especially one like this where I want to find answers to questions. As an author of 18 programming books myself, I know how bad some indexers are for a publisher. This book's index is better than most and does have enough depth to narrow your search and, once at the appropriate point in the book, he always does a good job explaining the point at hand.Mr. Monk and I are competitors and in some ways I wish he would retire from writing. However, doing so would severely lessen the talent pool for Arduino books.
I highly recommend &quot;Updating&quot; for anyone who wants to upgrade their love life. There is fabulous information on what each type of &quot;out of your league&quot; person is looking for in a mate. Then the author tells you the precise moves to make to appeal to that particular type of superior person.It's sure not the same old tricks you read about in most books on getting a partner! Gorgeous or classy people want a lot more and this shows you how to give it to them. She also tells you how to upgrade YOURSELF to appeal the above or more creative and honorable potential partners.
Haddon paints a moving portrait that takes us inside disability and the stresses that it can cause to families while simultaneously crafting a gripping novel. Christopher Boone is an autistic savant with brilliant mathematical abilities but serious difficulty with emotional understanding. He tells the story from his perspective. As such, he supplements the narrative with expositions of his favorite probability and mathematics problems or his fascination with order and familiarity. Christopher's detours into his thoughts and his world help us truly come to know and care about him. This is one of the book's greatest strengths: as a reader, I found myself truly concerned for Christopher's welfare at points, wishing I could intervene. (Perhaps that will make me more likely to intervene when faced with those situations in reality.) And yet, observing his behavior, I can also begin to understand the frustrated reactions that his parents sometimes manifest.The story is gripping. For several days, I couldn't put the book down, anxious to learn the answers to both the initial mystery (who killed a neighbor's dog?) and the other mysteries that are uncovered along the way. The book is also visually engaging: Christopher intersperses the text with diagrams and drawings to effectively convey his thoughts.Overall, this book was a pleasurable read with significant substance.Note to readers who care about this sort of thing: the book has a fair amount of strong language and references to extramarital relationships (which is a euphemism that Christopher wouldn't like, since we all have extramarital relationships, just not the kind I'm referring to here).
Ohmae;s signature work has always been on my list of things to read, but I never quite got around to it. Boy was I missing something.  Ohmae's book is marketed as a look at japanease business, but it is really the Mind of a McKinsey strategist.  I am not sure how Ohmae was able to publish this book, but it is a defacto methodology for formulating strategy and it exposes the key tools and frameworks used by McKinsey.The book is extremely well written and conversational in tone making complex ideas seem straight forward -- not simple but certainly understandable.The book covers all aspects of stragtegy from how you shape the problem, conduct the analysis and make decisions.  This is a must read for all general managers particularly if your company is hiring outside consultants to do stratgegy.Now one might think that a book written more than 20 years ago would be outdated and less relevant.  This is definately not the case, by focusing on the process, tools and how you apply them Ohmae has written a timeless book that stands up well in the pre and post internet world.So this is highly recommended, in fact most highly recommended.
No gimmick, PLEASE believe me when I say I have become a SURE reading and doing what Leil tells me to in the book. DO IT! I was never painfully shy, I was shy though. I was also an Avoidant because of that. This book cured it in 2 months. Everyday pick a random page and DO what the page says. Do the shy busters!! Confidence is feeling the fear BUT DOING IT ANYWAY! DO IT please do everything in the book if you wanna become a sure. YOU WILL! its all about getting used to acting like a sure. Once you get used to acting like a sure, IT DOES BECOME YOUR SECOND NATURE!! take my word!!! AND CHANGE for good and for the better. Im feeling RENEWED... I just got invited to a fright fest on Halloween and I invited MY co-worker to the same fest, I hope my co-worker and my friend who invited me can get along! I will make sure they do! thanks LEIL!
Toole's posthumously published novel is one that makes me laugh even thinking about it. His witty writing and larger than life characters are enough to win anyone over. An absurd read that is guaranteed to make you chuckle.
Amo, Amas Amat, and More by Eugene Ehrlich is a fun phrase book of Latin. This is a great book for students learning Latin or just to have around for when you get that phrase thrown at you when reading and you just can't quite remember what it really means.Accurate pronunciations and notes are throughout the book giving the reader a firm footing on what the phrase means and the context. An excellent book to augment your reference section of your home library... definitely a book for wordsmiths.A book for all to have and use...
A great read.  Much better than earlier Wingfield.  The characterization of Frost is better developed.  Good plot tension.  Hard to put down.
I just love this series of books. The characters almost become part of you and I will surely miss them once I finish the series. This author enhances the experience and sensuality of daily life with her in depth observations of the moments in her character's lives. The books are long but I enjoy every moment.
As textbooks go, this is a pretty good one. Every chapter starts out with a story about a well known company to illustrate the concepts to be discussed. The information presented is detailed and well organized, and the practice problems are reasonably challeging. I didn't have any problems with my order, so go ahead and buy it for class.
A Holocaust book that is essential for all students of this terrible genocide.  I live in Cape Town a city with quite a lively population of the Jewish faith and can never pass one without thinking of a time and place - in my own life time - when their numbers were ferreted out like vermin.  A photograph singed in my mind is of a little blonde girl looking into a camera awaiting processing through the death wheel.  Imagine this life, imagine being directed to the right whilst your young siblings or parents were directed to the left to die in the gas chambers of Auschwitz. Imagine being a twin and selected for a bizarre experiment ...read this book and live the horror and rememberance of these little ones'. How do you live with such memories?  How do you carry on believing in the goodness of humanity?  One of the greatest injustices of our life-time was not seeing the bringing to trial of this medical doctor as the ultimate expose of the mad-men deniers of this horrific genocide.
Aaron Goldman's book on marketing using the same tactics that Google uses is simply good.  This should be a part of every marketers reading list right now. The principles are sharply expressed, the examples are clear, and the style is entertaining.  Having read the synopsis of the 20 principles at the end of the book first, I almost did not read the book.  I am so glad I jumped in.  Aaron's insights are great; he has increased my understanding of more than a few of these principles.  Aaron's mention of so many tools, books and sites gives us yet another strong source of help from his book.
Short, plain, concise presentation of all features of Groovy, much in K&R; style, without too many words and too much philosophy. I have both books, i.e. this one and "Groovy in Action". "Groovy in Action" concentrates on design goals and philosophy, and is more about using the language than about language itself. Reading "Groovy in Action" is fun, but when I do programming I have "Groovy Programming" on my desk all the time. And use it quite frequently.By the way, the previous review here misses the point. Reviewer reviews Groovy, but not the book. Pity that he doesn't unserstand what are scripting languages and how they are used.
Joseph Conrad has long been one of my favorite authors.  His works can be difficult to understand, with all the shades of meanings and the complicated plots, but Conrad's novels have always been worth the effort.  Victory was one of the more readable works; and one of the most spell-binding.  A great story by a great author:  I'm very glad I read this!
Many sales books teach you about the finer points of selling, strategies, techniques, etc.  But what good is any of it if your head is not in the game?  Jeff teaches you that you have to get your head right before you approach the sale.  Reminds me of a martial arts book that I read years ago, I believe it was &#34;Real Fighting&#34;.  The point was, unless and until you get your head right, no training or techniques will do you any good.  Just as a fighter cannot be timid, neither can a salesperson. This book will give you that perspective you need to approach every sale boldly.  Good stuff.
Starts in Scotland but most of book is set in Australia during gold rush days.  Really good story - great author - she wrote The Thorn Birds!
This book was published in 1995 and is as relevant today (2013) as ever.  Boyle, as always, tells a good tale.  He is a wordsmith and an intelligent writer.  He always keeps me interested.  In this book he tells a tale of of two sets of people living in Topanga Canyon (haves and have-nots, however, one could argue that the have-nots in this story had a little more soul, a little more appreciation for life than the well to do).  The yuppies live in a development (lately gated and walled) where everyone lives much the same in their "matching" houses.  The illegal Mexican couple live outside on the banks of Topanga Creek.  Everyday for them is another day of survival.  All they want is work so they can eat.  Work so they can save a few bucks and get a small apt.  Work because that is what a responsible person does.  The yuppies have their latest gear and accessories.  They live a pretty shallow life.  Money, money, money.  The tale begins with an accident and ends with a tragedy.  Boyle reports, you decide.  Think of Robert Frost's Mending Wall.  What are we (America) walling in or walling out?  I lean right politically but the way some folks are forced to live in this country is not right.  People (illegal aliens) should be able to obtain work permits at the border w/o being soaked by the thieves who work the border (both sides).  Apparently there is plenty of work here in America that Americans will not do (that's another story).  Anyway, this book will make you think, it might open up your heart.  I recommend it.
Good book.  Helps when learning Latin.  Could be a little bit more 'user friendly' but it is a good book and you cana learn alot.
this is a very comprehensive book with lots of problems to work on. Unfortunately, there are a LOT of printing errors in the mathematical formulas that make things very frustrating when you are trying to learn a difficult subject. A complete errata is available from the author at his Web Site. You might be better off with the third edition of this text.
Like &quot;Cuckoo's Nest&quot;, this novel is as big and as expansive as the Pacific Northwest it is set in, where Kesey spins the colorful tale of a ogging family pit by circumstance against big business and the negativity  of small town America. Describhed with his usual kaliedoscopic powers of  wonderfully flowing detail and color, this is a complex and multi-layered  tale,  with more than enough ingredients for sustained exploration and  interest; passion, betrayal, the intricate inner workings of an interesting  family of individuals who love and need each other but at the same time  want and need to stretch and grow, to be more than just who they are within  the confines of that family.In a sense this book is a almost a  deliberate self-parody; Kesey shows there are many more ways to be a man  than through the mere use of what are usually thought of as masculine  characteristics. Thus we have a character like Hank, the ultimate bad-ass  Stamper counterposed by Leland, the younger half-brother who is  intellectually curious, a bit rowdy and uncertain, and who is exploring wht  it means to be a &quot;Stamper&quot;. This interesting rivalry and  opposition between the brothers is used to explore a whole range of issues  about what it means to be areal man and a real grown-up, and Kesey  understands that in contemporary America the two hardly mean the same  thing.Yet at heart,  this is a novel that lovingly but urgently  explores the idea of family; what it should be, what it is, and what it  should never let itself become. The Stampers beseiged are the family at  their best, fighting, working, loving, and struggling together to keep it  together and to define their own future and their very own version of the  American dream; one they define and create, and expressly not the easy and  popular one manufactured and sold politically and economically by big  business and by the local townfolk themselves. This, then, is a novel that  explores so many levels that it is undoubtedly will be continue to be read  and interpreted and reread and reinterpreted again and again over the  coming decades. May it well survive the journey, and may it well navigate  its course, just as the Stampers do, through a deep understanding, love and  appreciation for what it means to be an individual as well as a family  member in contemporary American life, learning along the way. Ken Kesey  never disappoints, but he is sometimes hard to keep up with as he chuckles  his way ahead of us into the stormy rapids of life. Enjoy!
Influencer is a mixed bag, but a worthwhile one. I believe it belongs in the library of anyone looking to direct social change (on a small or large scale) or even change something about themselves. Indeed one of the interesting facets of this book is that it can be applied not just to others but to yourself. Unlike other books that might purport to make you more compelling to listen to, this one relies on behavioral science instead of baseless self-confidence or feel-good malarkey. It's worth reading and worth referring back to often; the main drawback is that it won't give you the complete picture, though it comes close.In a nutshell, the book is about solving seemingly intractable human problems. (Or causing them; the authors caution these techniques are value-neutral.) It offers advice on how to find a solution, and then how to implement it. Implementation is the real meat of the book, and it boils down to two questions any rational person will ask when you try to get them to change their behavior: "Is it worth it?" and "Can I do it?" The book divides these two questions (motivation and ability) into three domains: personal, social, and structural (i.e. reward/risk). All of these have a bearing on the solution and need to be part of any influencer's strategy. And having read the book, I'm convinced it would be doable for just about anyone to come up with a decent top-level strategy for influencing change, with some branches of that strategy filled in in detail.So that's the good, but here's the bad: On the social tier of that chart, the authors are in their comfort zone and it shows. This is where the book overlaps with their previous work. While I doubt their intention was merely to point people to their other books, they glossed over the nitty-gritty too casually just by being too familiar with it themselves. Many of the example issues they cite in the two "social" chapters were solved by training people in handling conversations or some such, which unfortunately isn't something the layman is set up to do. So any influence strategy you might build based on this book will most likely be lacking in this area.The only other significant problem is that the writing is uneven. I wouldn't say it's dry throughout, and I was interested from start to finish just because I found the material fascinating and useful. But there are some stretches where the text dries out a bit, and others where conversational voice is used haphazardly. The book would have benefited from a ghost writer. These issues aside, my rating is three and a half stars, rounded up to four because I think this book hits on some really important points. If you want to effect some big changes, even just in yourself, this is probably one of the first books you should read.
You cannot be human, and read this book, without being horrified and moved.  Something in you changes - most frightening is that this could happen such a short time ago.  Hell, it's happening now - but if the country is not considered a strategic "player" the powers that be tend to ignore it.  Doesn't anyone remember President Carter saying we stood for many things, and one of the most important was Human Rights?  God help us all.
Here is a fine primer for one of the most promising subdivisions of computer science. In it you will find all the conceptual foundations for the field, including most of what has been attained to date. This is a great book for learning the theory of AI, but if you actually want to program an artificial intelligence, it might actually discourage you.There is no actual code in this textbook, and for a very good reason. This is that, other than for simple games, high level code for AI programs gets HUGE. This is definitely NOT something you want to start out with if you aren't familiar with the fundamentals of computer science. If you don't have the ability to interpret pseudocode, you might not learn a whole lot.The material is very interesting, in my opinion, but not very practical. The authors describe all sorts of AI guidelines and components but don't really tell you how to actually DO any of it. It's probably just as well, as programming a good AI is extremely difficult (trust me on this one, I tried it). However, if you want to get into the field, this is as good a place as any to start. It's definitely going to be a hot area of computer science in the next few years, and this text does a good job of conveying the core concepts.
I reread this book over the weekend. Wow, it's better than I remember it being. I think I read this when it first came out, which would be around 1992. Obviously, I was younger then with a different outlook on live. Now, after twenty odd years, this book resonates in a different way, a better way, than it did before. I'm more mature and can appreciate the plot more.This is a Romance (yes, with a capital R)novel of a kind not seen much anymore. Claire, the heroine, is mature, able, and introspective without being paralyzed. She was a nurse in World War II and has experienced hardship and grief and soldiered on (so to speak) through all of that only to be hurled back in time to the year 1743 in the Scottish Highlands.Where she meets James Fraser, a gallant Scottish warrior. Claire is torn between the love for her husband she has left behind in time and James.James and Claire form a bond of friendship and love and together survive betrayal and hardship and the English.I really can't rave about this book enough. I'm going to start reading the sequel right away. Dishes, housework, dog walking, and everything else be damned.Oh, and this will be a series on Starz. I think the release date is Summer of 2014.
I would have recommand this to every kids,  it is excellent book to teach true history that is written by woman who lives in 1800s.
Pretty comprehensive- a little redundant but most textbooks are and that's a good thing. The information is up to date and scientifically accurate.
No doubt this piece thrives with passion and unyielding terror. To survive in conditions that no one today can barely believe were possible
Scotty has taught me many things, mostly that life does not work the way we would like it to work.This book has taught me to acept the things and people I cannot change. I still have a long way to go, but I think I am on the right track. Thanks Scotty, for this and your many other books. Maryellen, E-mail me at dll1983 @ yahoo.com.
Warning: this book is NOT for 12 year old "wannabe" game programmers who have no patience for advanced concepts.  This book covers advanced math techniques for the professional game programmer with a college math/engineering/science background.  There are nice code examples, but the focus is on the explanations of the theory, flowing all the way through to practical application, to give the designer a solid foundation. The organization, formatting, and notations in the book are beautiful. I have a better understanding of some fascinating game physics concepts now. Even though this is book goes deep on the math and physics, it doesn't mean you have to understand all of it to incrementally gain useful knowledge; the book is organized so that jumping around to different sections is easy to use like a reference book.
This was my first Georgette Heyer novel and it definitely wont be my last. I've already purchased "Federica" and "Devil's Club". I just found out that there is a third book to the Alastair saga and that is "An Infamous Army" which I will be purchasing as well. I enjoyed the story very much. At some parts it was rather slow and I thought maybe it would've been better to have listened to the audio instead. However, I kept reading and Justin "Satanas" was so intriguing I just had to trudge forth. Justin is a devilish man and he gives no apologies for his wicked ways. He saves a young boy from a cruel person, his brother and purchases him on the spot to be his Paige. The Paige's  relationship/feelings for her Monseigneur are of the utmost adoration, admiration and of fierce loyalty. However, Justin discovers information,(a well hidden secret) about his new Paige that he will justly and excitedly use against his archenemy,Compte de Saint Vire.
I unconditionally recommend Robert Harris' latest novel to any fan of historical fiction. This novel is a must-read for any of the following: (1) Roman history fans; (2) lawyers, particularly litigators; (3) political wonks.  (I am among the first two of those three and strongly suspect that I'm right for the third category.)Marcus Tullius Cicero was one of the most memorable figures from an era of great men who, among them, competed to tear apart or preserve the Roman republic. Cicero was a "new man" -- a provincial who rose from the middle class, doing so neither through wealth or military service but rather as a consummate trial lawyer -- and his rise to power is both an inspirational and cautionary tale. The two halves of "Imperium" tell the story of Cicero's prosecution for extortion against Verres and Cicero's campaign to become consul (the highest office a Roman could hold). While Roman history fans know the story and ending for both episodes, Harris fills in the ellipses left by the written records of the era with fine storytelling and educated speculation as to how the events played out in the eyes of a contemporary. Using Cicero's personal secretary to tell the story is a great device. Through the slave Tiro, Harris brings not only Cicero to life, but his wife Terentia, along with Caesar, Pompey, Crassus, and so many other interesting characters from the era.Harris' narrative of the prosecution of Verres is some of the most memorable courtroom drama I have ever read. Any fan of legal fiction -- regardless of whether you are interested in Roman history -- will enjoy the courtroom scenes. The story of Cicero's campaign to become consul similarly should entertain any fan of electoral politics. While Cicero was a great lawyer, he was above all a politician, and a very skilled politician, and Harris portrays this aspect of the man skillfully and unflinchingly.I assume that Harris will cover Cicero's consulship (and the Catilinarian conspiracy) and Cicero's ill-fated defense of the Republic against Marc Antony in subsequent volumes. I can't wait to read them. While I know how the story must end, Harris has hooked me with the way he is telling the tale.
My overall review of Wikibrands is that it is a very useful compendium of both strategic and tactical elements of how you can create enduring brands using a clever combination of social media.As well as some thought provoking elements to help you select your own approach, Wikibrands offers a number of great models and checklists to act as a spur to refine and sharpen your own online social media strategy. I'd specifically mention the chapter on measurement. This offers a comprehensive checklist on how to measure the effectiveness of your customer engagement / community participation / customer value / influence and so on strategy. This moves well beyond simple and trivial measurements towards measures that are about impact rather than pure noise / awareness. Very important for any marketeer to understand as most social media activity is just noise.Of course, the 'trouble' with writing about a fast moving area is the longevity of the book. There are some valuable pages on Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin and so on, but, of course, nothing on Google Plus and I'd appreciate more content on the power / perils of blogging. Perhaps the book ought to be made into a Wiki of its own to maintain its currency? I also think that the 4E's of Wikibrands are a simple range extension of the 4 / 7 / 14 P's of marketing, but that's a relatively small niggle.I have found that the book can be read in a conventional end to end fashion and it also serves as a valuable 'dip in' resource. Plenty of detailed case material adds to the value of the book which provides a series of usefully updated marketing concepts for the social media age. If your brand is about experience, participation and advocacy, read Wikibrands to check how you are doing in this vast and developing area of marketing.Peter CookAuthor 'Best Practice Creativity', 'Sex, Leadership and Rock'n'Roll' and 'Punk Rock People Management'
This book was recommended to me by a very christian friend who thought I might get some enlightenment from it.  I didn't reach nirvana by reading this book, but I did enjoy the story, and I liked the overall format.  It was a good quick read and entertaining.  I can see how the simplicity and conciseness of it can lend it to being a good assignment for grade school english classes.
An intriguing story and something to think about. Reich's clever mystery intertwined with the horrors of human trafficking. A good read. Makes you aware of how sick this world is.
I have used Anno's Counting Book with my two daughters, ages 6 and 11.  In the book illustrations dominate the scenes, there are no words in the publication.  Yet, as you turn the pages the book comes to life.  In other words, each page adds details to the story that corresponds to a number.  As a result, readers learn to count numbers in a natural manner, relating them to events  in nature and their lives.  Also, the book gives some background on numbers that can be beneficial in teaching parents how people learn to count.
A story of a young autistic boy as he tells it himself.  It's powerful indeed, to feel the thought processes and Haddon has the main character blossom to life.It's a mystery of sorts, but it's a story about difference and hope and love and perspective that I think anyone would love.I'd challenge any adult to read this and not be completely engaged.
I have taken a lot of bus/train trips in my life to and from school and work. I don't read on these trips (I get sick) but many people do, and I always like to peek over and see what people are reading. The book I have most often seen being read is Marion Zimmer Bradley's 'The Mists of Avalon'. I think only the Harry Potter series comes close. I swear there was a time in the late 80's- early 90's that at least once a week I would see someone reading this on the train. I love stories about King Arthur so it always looked interesting, now after many years, I have finally read it.As most will know, it is a retelling of the tale of King Arthur told from the point of view of the female characters: chiefly Morgaine (aka Morgan le Fay). The main theme of the tale is the conflict between Druidic paganism and Chistianity, as well as the love quadrangle between Morgaine, Lancelet (Lancelot), Gwenhwyfar (Guinevere) and Arthur. Overall I thought it was pretty good, although the pace is quite leisurely and the book is fairly long. One problem I found with the female centric approach, is that many famous occurrences of the Arthurian legend happen 'off-screen' as it were. For the most part this didn't affect the story much, except for the final confrontation between Arthur and Mordred, which I think should have been described more directly, considering it is the climax of the book.
Excellent book about a black man accused of killing a white man in South Africa, during the time of apartheid.Paton's writing works on many levels, and the plot is not a simple one, but the portrait he paints of the time period in South Africa is a powerful one, and I believe that the book deserves the recognition it is finally getting as a result of Oprah's Book Club. I normally shy away from her selections, but as soon as she switched to the classics, I've been impressed with her choices of material.This is a book not to be missed--and I am glad that I discovered it after all of these years.
I would definitely recommend this book as it filled in many side incidents that I was unaware of. If you are a conspiracy fan this will give you more material to possibly give you grist. The greatest problem is that it was not a scintillating read. It read like a dry text, thats why I gave it 4 stars rather than 5. You have to be motivated to plod through it. Having a degree in Intelligence and an MA in national security studies, I pushed myself to read it, and enjoyed it. I'd recommend to history buffs primarily.
I'm not sure why I picked this book up, because I really did expect to be disappointed by it.  I am altogether too conversant with informal logic, actually know the names (in Latin) of the more common fallacies, and in general was not looking forward to Crimes Against Logic.  Perhaps I believed it would let me down.  In fact, I loved the book.  I laughed. I sympathized with the author. I had a great time.  Whyte's work is not only logically sound; it's also entertaining and relatable.  The logic itself is by no means groundbreaking (quite the reverse, in fact), however Whyte manages to single out brilliant examples of how even the most basic logical thinking is constantly trampled, mixed-up, and abused by intellectual fads.  In addition, I greatly appreciated Whyte's aditude towards wrongheadedness.  Far from tiptoeing around popular opinion and sentiment, Whyte seems to take the view that being wrong is, well, wrong, and that defending a falsehood with faulty logic is both wrong and extremely annoying.  I couldn't agree more, and would fully recommend reading this book if you are one of the statistical minority of people known as rational thinkers.
As usual you must try and remember who is who. Convoluted, but still great reading. But, there are still some people that have been left out. I no sooner get to like some one and he knocks them off. Jillian
I have ever read - Coach Wooden's book is applicable for coaches, teachers, parents, businessmen and students
It has been a long time since a narrator has intrigued me as much as Christopher Boone, a fifteen year-old autistic child.  Despite his limited range of emotion and incomprehension of metaphors, his story did not leave me out in the cold nor did it stop me from finding a point of indentification.My only disappointment with the book was a quick and pat resolution to book's main plot point...  This did not, however, arrest my enjoyment of seeing the world through the eyes of someone who's mind is so different from my own.
They say the past is prologue and the focus of this story is what happens when banks rule everything and human rights are destroyed in the name of progress for fortune.  I found much commonality with the plight of modern Americans dealing with dwindling jobs and subject to the whims of the banking industry described as &#34;the monster that needs to be fed&#34; within the book.
Three Junes is a lovely read, one that begins strongly and only gets better.  The story concerns a Scottish family and begins in June 1989. Paul McLeod, recently widowed, takes a tour to Greece, contemplating his future, his past, his family.  Jump ahead six years and we are in Scotland, where Paul's three sons are preparing for his funeral.  Jump again four years, to Eastern Long Island, a weekend get together with two of Paul's sons and Fern, a woman Paul met on his trip to Greece.  It is hard to do justice to this novel in a few pithy sentences.  The writing is beautiful and Glass gives us characters we can care about deeply.  Their lives are complicated, but without any melodrama or pyrotechnics.  Her writing is simply beautiful and I believe gets stronger as the novel progresses.  I thoroughly enjoyed this beautiful novel and highly recommend it.  Enjoy.
I just read this book for the first time and really enjoyed it from a literary standpoint because the character of Holden Caulfield was so well-developed and realistic.  I related to his feelings and identified with so many of his comments that I was enthralled in the book for two days and did little else but read it.However, I am not sure if I see what all the hype is about. I wasn't aware that feelings and comments like Holden's were all that uncommon, so why is the book so controversial?  Sure, it came out at a time where society was significantly less open about certain topics, but by now, with all the crap we allow to infiltrate the media, it should be old news that teenagers are cynical and irrational and hate everyone, even the people they love, if that makes sense.Am I wrong in saying that I found absolutely nothing wrong or unusual about his thoughts or behaviors?  Thus I also did not understand why he was apparently in a mental hospital at the end of the book.  I was under the impression that it was pretty much accepted that the entire world is full of "phonies," and, yeah, it sucks, but you just kind of have to learn to deal with it in your own way, right?  Holden was not mentally ill.I think it is interesting that Lennon's assassin was carrying a copy of the book when he shot him, so I guess he thought Lennon was a "phony" and that was his way of dealing with it?  Also, in the movie Conspiracy Theory, Mel Gibson's character buys a copy of the book every time he sees it, but he's never read it.  The book didn't seem to be all that relevant to the movie, in my opinion, but it is another interesting incedent in which this book appeared.Honestly I really liked this book because I really like Holden and related to him, but I fail to see what the big deal is.
"Billy Phelan's Greatest Game" by William Kennedy is a mesmerizing, hysterical, and suspenseful romp through Depression-era Albany. Read the first chapter, where Billy bowls someone "to death", and I seriously doubt that you will put the book down. Billy is one of the most memorable characters in William Kennedy's galaxy, moreso than Francis Phelan in my book. Billy is a risk-taker, a guy whose heart is in the right place, and a rough-and-tumble sort that relies on his confidence in the midst of trouble. And these are the qualities that make him the inevitable, although unwilling, middle-man in a kidnapping negotiation.Billy's world of gamblers, drinkers, sharks, corrupt Albany lackies, and broken families is dark and smoky but never despairing or hopeless. And Billy's moral calculus is a bright spot in this otherwise bleak setting. For my money, "Billy Phelan's Greatest Game" is the best of three in the Albany cycle. I found "Legs" to be slow-going and lacking focus. "Ironweed" is a sensational book, a close second to this novel, but its plot of two drinkers going from job to job, joint to joint, drink to drink does begin to wear down. "Billy Phelan's Greatest Game" has a good deal of plot tension, moral conflicts, humor, and a wider array of characters. I'm in the minority here, and that's fine, but in my analysis it'sWIN: (by a nose)"Billy Phelan's Greatest Game"PLACE: "Ironweed"SHOW: "Legs"
This book makes us re-evaluate all the little details we fuss about in our daily lives. It is amusing to watch how Kitty, the simple uneducated wife of a prominent British wakes up to the reality of life and gains a whole new perspective after going through life changing events.
I love this work. It is an 1887 translation from a Latin version presumably of the original idiosyncratic Aramaic. I find Mathers comments intense, balanced and useful. There is no such thing as a definitive edition of the Zohar, published as it was in pamphlets over time, with possibly more than one author (although it seems Moshe de Leon of 13th century Spain is the main one) and various editions. Each translation is a selection, as it were, from moving parts. This translation gets to me somehow. I tend to trust it in spirit. I feel the translator's authenticity as a seeker.You can and should read other versions for other &#34;feels&#34; and ways of transmitting material and see what works for you. I tend to get something from most of what I read. But this particular effort is dear to me. I rarely fail to be taken somewhere from a reading session, places that open realities.Michael EigenAuthor,  Kabbalah and Psychoanalysisand The Psychoanalytic Mystic
For school, helped a lot
This book is a slimmed down version of Mike's larger book,CompTIA A+ Certification All-in-One Exam Guide, Seventh Edition. Whereas the larger book contains about 1300 pages, this guide weighs in at slightly more than 800 pages. All the important stuff that's in the larger book is also in this book, it's just that the historical background material and some of the extra good to know, but not really necessary stuff has been left out. For instance, as you go through the chapters you won't find a section titled, Beyond A+, as you do in the larger version. Obviously, anything beyond CompTI A+ isn't necessary for the exam, so Mike cut it out. In short, the Passport Book only contains the meat of the subject, the fat has been surgically removed. Plus, since this book is intended to be a study guide, you'll find many more questions for self-testing.In my opinion, this book is a must read if you are preparing for the CompTI A+ exam, but only if you are already familiar with the subject beyond the beginner level, or if you have already read the larger, more comprehensive book. You can save a lot of money and get right to the facts with this book. I am a beginner, so I read both of these back to back, and I definitely feel that it helped to solidify the material in my mind. If you are considering buying this book, make sure you get the Fourth Edition.
Yes, it way did. And I remember the first time I read this book I was very surprised and stunned. Also Farrel was writing very emotionally getting you even more stunned.This book is simply a must-read if you're trading using level 2 quotes (and keep losing).This book told me THAT tricks are being played, and WHAT tricks are being played. And it told me that I had to look at the supply-and-demand screen much differently than before because not all tricks market makers were using are covered.Sad to say that once the Super Montage is implemented this book (and the tricks uncovered) will be kind of obsolete.
Stephen Hunter's best novel of all time.  You absolutely have to read this book.  My wife, mother, and grandmoths also read the book and love it too, weird since it's a book about guns.Too bad Stephen Hunter's books peaked here, he hasn't written a good one to this level since.  They're all just wanna be novels.Buy it, you will love it no matter what your tastes.
East of Eden is the kind of book that is a true joy to read.  The bittersweet ending is the highlight of this study of one family's internal conflict.  The character of Samuel is one of the richest that exists in literary history.  His words are always a comfort both to the other characters and to the reader.  East of Eden is John Steinbeck's grand opus.  Some will be daunted by the length but Steinbeck can warm any reader's heart with finely drawn characters, an intense plot, and beautiful imagery.  Do not pass on this!
The greatest American Author in my opinion and this is his greatest work.  It applied to society then, now and into the future.  Excellent read, excellently written, and the kind of novel I like fiction but thought provoking.
I've hung on to this book for a while before reviewing it.  As others have stated, this book is straightforward, but at times, I thought the substance could have been deeper.  I have many years of experience in doing due diligence on significant transactions and investments and thought I had a good grasp of what needed to be done to ferret out the bad actors.  That said, I find that keep picking this book up to go back to some little nugget that I read.  There are a lot of good tips in here that can be useful for a variety of investigations.  While the book seems to be aimed more at situations where you are investigating a potential employee, member of management or deal promotor, many of the tips can be used for more of the mundane matters such as real estate management.
Bought this fo rmy daughter. don't know if she read it but sent some criticisms back. She sent the book back with my husband. When I remember where I put it I'll take another look at it. I read the sample online and though my daughter might get something out of it... I doubt it.
Tragic story of the dreams that propel us and the reality that subverts them. It is a story of innocence and heartbreak. Steinbeck&#8217;s works are literary gems. He has a gift for capturing the human condition in all its subtleties. It is that gift that makes his book timeless.
I read this book in September 2004. Nothing really exciting about it. The book is just an overview of the New Features of Oracle 10g. It has certainly some useful information that you can also find in the Oracle Online Documentation. It is well-written and easy to follow. I have nothing against the book but I prefer using the Oracle Online Documentation that is more complete and accurate most of the time. I am glad I don't own a copy of this book otherwise it would have been a waste of money. The copy that I read was from the library. After all it is a good book to buy if you don't like to navigate through the OOD but keep in mind you will not find every thing about the new features in this book.I give 4 stars.
In this novel, the first published by Solzhenitsyn in 1962, the author chose to portray one ordinary day of Ivan Denisovich Shukov at a camp from reveille to retreat based on what he himself experienced in the year 1937. The work impresses so much because it is a portrayal with extraordinary vitality and thoughtfulness of its characters. One feels that only the author's personal experiences can lend the story its sense of authenticity. As a result of the violation of Soviet legality, people were put to camps and had to undergo severe physical and moral tests under extreme circumstances. That's why Shukhov's "ordinary" day arouses in the reader the feeling of pain for the fate of the people who rise up before us so vivid and so near. Yet the author's unique skill lies in the fact that the bitterness and pain are not rendered by a feeling of hopeless depression but by the profound humanity and solidarity of the inmates. The author shows that even in such a grim place as a Soviet camp there is room for humour, hope and feelings. Finally Solzhenitsyn being a first class stylist, his novel is written in the colourful and lively language in which folk metaphors are mixed with camp jargon.
This book is very touching and well written. Be committed to a lot more books then just this one before you start it.
When you reach the point where you find "conventional" sources of wisdom to be lacking then I suggest you turn to a few unconventional sources.  The Seth books by Jane Roberts are all superb. I encourage readers to take the time to ponder their origins. Then consider the effort that it took over 19 years to bring these books to the public.Seth is a deep and positive source of timeless information relating to "our beingness" and what we think of as reality.The big shift begins when we set aside our obsession with matter and accept that everything is comprised of energy.Consciousness creates form.... may take some time to accept but things get easier after that one.Real work is done in the mind.....is what these books are all about.  They go very well with other profound sources such as  A Course in Miracles and the works of  Dr. David R .Hawkins beginning with Power vs Force.Seth's materials related to health have been of great interest to me....especially following three battles with cancer.All of us can benefit immensely from these sources and  underlining , highlighting .....meditation and daily application can bring  substantial relief to anyone seeking to lower stress and move closer to well being and even peace.These books are truly an "adventure in personal transformation " they are far more than information or entertainment.Enter this with an open mind and make room on your bookcase ....better yet start ordering the works mentioned above ...you can thank me down the road.  Don't delay any longer.Prepare to be amazed.
This novel solidifies Ford's reputation as a master fantasist. From chapter to chapter, the author surprises and delights the reader with stories within stories, humor, suspense, and much more. I can't recommend the novel highly enough.
Imagine your parents perished in fire and you  were kid&#8217;s and no  body  believed  that a evil villain was after like  a million dollar toy or if  you&#8217;re the Baudelaire than an evil villain named Count Olaf  wanted a huge fortune . There is a whole series but my  favorite book of the whole series is the 5th one. Well it takes place in a place called the austere academy and the hole series is called the unfortunate events my opinion its  the best book ever but maybe other people might think its not which there crazy  then .This book maybe be a little bit bad for younger kids  like kindergarten  and  1st 2nd and 3rd but there great books for 4th 5th 6th 7th 8th 9th 10th 11th and 12th and college grownups teenagers and old people to it&#8217;s the greatest book in our history right  now. My favorite thing about this book is that LEMONY SNICKET starts the book persuading you to go drop this book off a cliff but you really don&#8217;t  drop it off a cliff .The only thing that I&#8217;m disappointed is that he does do it every book it get&#8217;s a bit of annoying.Well they have to sleep in a orphan shack the thing that I like is that the BAOUDELAIR orphan makes friends that are orphans too. The thing I don&#8217;t like about the middle of the story so that they could make more enemies. The evil villain captures something more valuable. I loved that awesome thing happened to them. I wished that they were a little smarter because Violet the oldest was a scientist .Klaus the middle child loved too read when he had free time he would read as much as his brain could take. Sunny was the youngest she had 4# very sharp teeth she loved biting hard teeth.I think you should read this book because LEMONY SNICKET has hard words that you would be learning in 9thgrade.The lesson in LEMONY SNICKET is that to treat others the way you would like too be treated. I wonder why doesn&#8217;t grown up&#8217;s don&#8217;t listen to kids that&#8217;s why the BAUDELAIRES orphans got into the whole mess anyway we are people to. I dare you to read this book or the whole series I&#8217;m telling you go get it now.
This book is so instrumental and focused, it gives relevant details and information needed to guide you through the world of nursing!!
The vocabulary is simple, like you were explaining something to your dog. The book has the feeling of a Boy Scout Manual. As it turns out, a Rainmaker is a lot like a Boy Scout; helpful, friendly, courteous, kind, obedient, thrifty, brave, clean, and reverent.Having read this book, you get the feeling you have been to the mountain top, talked to the big guy, got the big ten, and you are ready to make a sell. A great read for morale building.Ah, if you can't finish reading this book in an hour, it was written for you.
I have found this book to be very helpful when making business decisions. Having this book at my fingertips allows me to quickly access information needed as various economic reports are published.I was surprised to see many useful indicators that I did not know existed, and this has allowed me to widen my analytical research which in turn should help me make better decisions.A useful tool.
I love this book. I love that it starts with rules for staying sane. This book has a 100 different rules subdivided 10 times. Very well organized. Some of the rules I love are you can hide from your kids and do not try to have the perfect child. There is another great book on how to talk to your kids here, [...]
What a bargain these are for someone who is serious about losing weight and getting healthier. I purchased them one at a time as they came out and I lost more than 50 lbs.In my 60s, I had long ago given up hope of having a slim, trim figure. I had given up so much that my weight had moved up to well over 200 lbs. Then I discovered Fat Flush. It not only helped me lose weight but from the beginning I felt better, swollen ankles and lots of aches were gone. I've never been on an eating plan that has been so successful.I've now been on it 20 months, and while there are times I get a craving or so, I'm not tired of it. I've really learned to appreciate the natural flavors of vegetables and simply cooked meats. I always loved fruit. And, if you want to get fancy, there are lots of ideas in the main book and the cookbook.The journal is handy not only to record your eating habits and feelings, but it has a concise shopping list for all phase of the plan in the back. This is an easy size to carry with you.I've been discussing the plan on line with others who have been on it since the beginning. It works for those who have a few pounds or lots to lose, and more importantly for many, changes destructive eating habits. The supplements and special foods (cranberry juice and flax oil) are readily available in most places in the States, and really seem to kick it the plan's benefits a notch.
Chuck Palahniuk's "Survivor" takes the reader into the world of Tender Branson, the last surviving member of a suicide cult. As the book opens, Branson, the narrator, has hijacked a Boeing 747 with the intention of crashing it, with himself on board, into the Australian outback. Having emptied the plane of passengers, he proceeds to tell his account of his life - ostensibly as it 'really happened' - into the flight recorder, from his childhood under the repressive authority of the Creedish Church to being propelled years later to media stardom as the last survivor.The first thing that the reader will notice is that the book begins with Chapter 47 on page 289 and counts its way down to Chapter 1 and page 1 at the end, a device which serves to constantly remind the reader that Branson's last minutes are ticking away even as he retells his story, lending an air of foreboding to his words. Palahniuk also has Branson constantly backtrack upon himself in a way which mimics such a stream-of-consciousness dictation. The writing style throughout is informal and extremely sketchy as regards description. Even the names of key characters are never revealed - including the government caseworker appointed to prevent Tender from following the rest of his cult members into suicide, and the agent who later drives him to stardom. On the other hand, by having Tender talk at great length about apparently unimportant and superfluous things such as how to correctly eat a lobster, Palahniuk gives us a sense of Tender's quirky and disturbed nature, almost as if he exists slightly out of tune with reality.This is a book which tackles big themes: birth and death, murder and suicide, free will and determinism, belief and unbelief, truth and falsehood. Palahniuk conjures up a vividly dystopian and disturbing world, which only grows darker as Tender is drawn within the media culture - a culture which proves every bit as restrictive, false, twisted and soul-destroying as the Creedish society that he used to belong to. What really engages the reader, however, is the strength of the main characters: firstly Tender, who struggles throughout the story to find meaning in his life and to become truly free; and secondly his friend Fertility Hollis, who claims to be able to see the future and acts as Tender's guide. It is their relationship which forms the backbone of the story right up until its climax in the final chapter.Pacy, inventive, often funny, "Survivor" is a fine (though dark) book, and one that I can easily recommend.
good story. Very moving - emotionally. Interesting viewpoints expressed. historical references, kept me interested throughout. I would like to read more from this author.
I think there is a kind of irony in the fact that the Brits are now so dominant in stage racing. They will have to abandon the outsider role that they have had for so many years in the world of pro cycling. It is this outsider status that makes Wegelius' story so compelling and his book a must read. He shows up at a French dominated team as a teenage outsider, and works his way to valued pro the hard way. He learned the hard way largely because the continentals did not take him seriously.The British on the other hand had no real clue how continental racing actually worked. Witness the incident at the World Championship when Wegelius agreed to work for a foreigner largely because his own British squad was a hopeless case for competing. He, of course, was a &#34;criminal&#34; for engaging in the kind of horse trading that is and has been integral to continental racing.Besides these ironies Wegelius lends useful insights for the reader who wants to get the feel of a grand tour from the inside. His description of the Vuelta since it has been scheduled in the fall is constantly with me,when I make plans to watch this year's version: a virtual afterthought on the pro calendar-full of the injured, the test cases, the has- beens and the still-standing.His description of the place of the Giro in Italian life is worth the read in itself.I ordered this book with hopes of insights on the real workhorse of the pelaton can provide and I was not disappointed.
Whilst some readers have their viewpoints that the author had shown no sympathy towards the plight of their fellow Chinese, I think the issues that the book is trying to address here is about life struggle, human  endurance, &amp; triumph of the spirit.  The message is an affirmation that  if we have faith in something &amp;/or somebody, perseverance will show us  through the day.  Whilst it is easy for us to judge someone's character, we  have to analyse every &amp; each circumstances through their context.  Afterall, we human are not perfect.  But I still believe that there is  kindness in every &amp; each one of us.  There was a book written by Han  Su-Yin &amp; she briefly mentioned about the author but it's obvious of her  contempt for the latter person due to her background.  Sometimes, we  couldn't help wondering if the attack is personal or done objectively.  Whatever that is, I still can't help admiring the author for her courage in  standing up against the tall order.  I know I wouldn't.
I enjoyed this book I purchased through Amazon.com very much.  I made the Honey, Sultan & Pecan Tea Bread recipe, from the book, and it's received rave reviews.  I'm looking forward to trying additional recipes at my next tea party!
A lesson for us all,to live a better life,care about our fellow man and do good for as many as possible.
My kids really liked this one. We had been talking about Egypt and they loved hearing this version of the story. There's no fairy godmother, but the god Horus intervenes in the form of a falcon. And there's even a happy ending. I liked the historical fact at the end of the book.
I chose this book to complete my collection of this series of Gabaldon's.  It is a wonderful series story that continues with each book!  Each one is read till the end without stopping!  Jwa
It's really easy to follow, even for me and it's great to teach anyone what basic things are. Great buy if you are learning the language!
All I can say is that this book changed my life. Dr. Weiss understands what it takes to get the job done.Realistic and very cool exercises, the wall execersies for stretching and using the Dumbells was great! i could feel  all my muscles working and no  strain to my back  the whole time I was doing them, a first for me usually I am sore for days after trying to workout but not with this program I felt great afterwards and I could move the next day a big plus to any one who  suffers from back pain knows. A very innovative approach to back pain and fitness this book takes you from the begining asking you how do you workout to the every day things you do that may cause your problems-  a very good eye opener for me. i found the doctor's own personal experience with back pain at an early age and how he over came his own pain-very moving to me and inspirational.There are many  detail photographs that show you how to do the execersies which I found very helpful. I am trying to lose weight now and following the weight lose program offered in the latter chapters, so far the advice the book gives on diet and exercise is the best I have read  in many years. A very strong recommendation to anyone suffering from back pain or anyone wanting to do new workouts!
Colin Jones does a great job describing the political and social history of France during the 18th century. The book starts with the death of Louis XIV and describes the economic mess and political mayhem that resulted from the War of the Spanish Succession and Louis' quest for glory. He then covers the history of France until Napoleon's coup of 18th Brumaire in 1799.Jones covers the political and economic contexts of the time in excellent detail using statistics in many of his assertions. Each financial crisis, famine, and political crisis is covered and often sub headed to allow easy reference. If you are someone looking for a military history of the time this book may not be for you. Although there is references to the military and conflicts at the time, it is not covered in detail. Rather the results of those conflicts and the effects on the economy and organizational structure of France are considered. So if you looking for how the people of France and their governments ticked I suggest this book.
A rape of a fourteen-year-old girl at a summer camp many years ago in stgrd, a hit on Salvation Army worker Robert Karlsen in Oslo during Christmas season, and young man who is a runner during the Serbian-Croatian War blows up tanks by hiding in hollows in the ground and affixing mines to tanks as they rolled past &#8212; these three are parts of a multi-faceted drama triangle that Harry Hole joins as he seeks out the hitman.We meet the hitman early. He is the eponymous character of the novel, first known as the &#34;little redeemer&#34; for saving his comrades from the ravaging Serbian tanks. He wore a red necktie tied as a cravat, which name we learn comes from Croatia originally. One last job, his boss in Zagreb had promised him, one last job. But that last job turns out to be a &#34;black hole&#34; that sucks him ever deeper, a Harry Hole, six foot and four inches of a &#34;sullen alcoholic&#34; and brilliant detective. When the hit takes place in the first twenty pages, we know it will not be a clean and simple flight back to Zagreb and retirement. His skills in evading the Serbian army and destroying its tanks is tested in Oslo as he discovers he has killed the wrong man and he must stay to finish his job in the wintry city where the &#34;day is a blink between dawn and dusk&#34;.Harry is hobbled when a black Metzner dog attacked him as he was halfway up a fence and wouldn't let go until Harry dumps his hip flask into its mouth and the drunken dog finally lets go of Harry's leg and falls to the ground. But the dog bite becomes the crucial clue to discovering that it was the father who killed his own son with an overdose in the container by the dock that Harry had investigated before the dog bit him. A rape, a hit, a bite, and closed case in eight short chapters. Just a warmup for a Harry Hole novel.Harry's new boss, Gunnar Hagen is a trip, coming up with stories intended to keep Harry pointed in the right direction apparently, such as this one.[page 76, 77] &#34;In 1942, a mere hundred thousand Japanese soldiers conquered Burma. Burma was twice the size of Japan and at that time occupied by British troops who were superior in numbers and firepower.&#34; Hagen raised his grubby forefinger. &#34;But there was one area where the Japanese were superior, and this made it possible for them to beat the British and the Indian mercenaries: discipline. When the Japanese marched on Rangoon, they walked for forty-five minutes and slept for fifteen. Slept on the road wearing their backpacks and their feet pointing toward their destination. So that they didn't walk into the ditch or in the wrong direction when they woke up. Direction is important, Hole. Do you understand?&#34;Harry had an inkling of what was to come. &#34; I understand that they made it to Rangoon, boss.&#34;After Gunnar makes his point that the Japanese followed directions and that Harry should learn that lesson also, he dismisses Harry, but Harry doesn't leave, finally asking his boss, &#34;Mm, I was wondering. Didn't the Japanese lose the war?&#34; He gave his boss a lesson in how Harry operates. What bosses don't know is just what war it is that each of their employees is fighting. As infuriating as Harry could be to his boss, he is to his readers, refusing easy answers to whodunit and making us stick to the very end before all is revealed.Hit men travel light, especially so those who must travel by air. This hitman, called Christo Stankic on his passport, had a take-apart gun with seven bullets which he carefully packed with its pieces and ammo disguised from X-rays by the metal corners of his small suitcase. Having to stay in Oslo to make another hit on the right man, he runs low on bullets, and has to improvise weapons. His credit card is tracked down by Harry's men, and is taken when he tries to withdraw cash. He has to lose his winter coat to keep from being recognized, is forced to find ways to acquire shelter and food without any money. His solution to a food source no doubt pleased Harry when he found out. A little Chinese barbeque.Harry answers the door at Jon's place when the hitman visits his re-acquired target and the appearance of a man with a cravat tie triggers Harry into action in time to deflect the bullet intended for Jon's head, but Stankic gets away, short another bullet in his gun. We readers are now doing a countdown of the bullets left in his gun. When it gets down to just one bullet left, Harry's partner Halverson is attacked with a glass shard instead of being shot, keying us readers into suspecting it was Stankic conserving his last bullet.Harry visits his former boss, Bjarne Mller, in Bergen, a place Nesb describes this way:[page 198] Harry stepped out into a sad, gonorrheal discharge of a Bergen squall, which, according to myth, starts one afternoon in September and finishes one afternoon in March.Bjarne tells Harry that Gunnar is more than a lecturer, that he was in the special forces unit, FSK, for seven years, a unit set up to protect oil rigs in the North Sea and which, because of security clearances, never appears on anyone's resume. Bjarne's advice to Harry is, &#34;Follow the money.&#34;Meanwhile Ragnhild Gilstrup goes over to Jon's place, slips past the police tape, and destroys an incriminating letter, and begins vacuuming up any evidence of her ever being there, aiming to dump it all down the trash chute of the high rise apartment building, only she ends up there herself.Desperate for food and shelter from the bitter Oslo winter, Stankic finds the container that Harry had investigated earlier by the dock and meets the same dog that bit Harry's leg. This time the dog unfortunately grabs Stankic's hand with his revolver and closes his mouth on the trigger finger and there goes the last bullet from his gun. And the dog bites the dust. Stankic now has both shelter and food. But he needs help from his boss in Zagreb and places a call to the Hotel International there. Meanwhile Harry has discovered Stankic's Croatian name, mali spasitelj, which means &#34;little redeemer&#34;. With these sparse clues, he flies on his own to Zagreb and finds Stankic's boss and makes a deal.While Harry's in Zagreb, he hears about the meat identified as Metzner dog in Stankic's vomit, and tells his boss to surround the container but make no arrest till he gets back to Oslo. Too late, the man in container sticks his head out and is shot by a sniper posted by Gunnar. Stankic is dead the newspapers proclaim the next day, but it is too soon for case to be closed. Harry needs more evidence, there's the thing about following the money, and who was killing all these people. Stankic had only two people to kill and then he could leave Oslo, were all these other people collateral damage? Is Harry the latest target of Stankic who now has Harry's gun and ammo?Where's Stankic? Where's Jon? Where's Martine &#8212; was she the only rape victim? Who actually flew to Zagreb on Robert's passport? Who stuffed Ragnhild down the chute? Where's the money? Can Harry keep the deal he made with Stankic's boss in Zagreb in exchange for the vital information he got to help solve the case? The last few chapters will keep you awake late into the night, dear Reader, dragging you along with Harry to the final pages in breathless anticipation.To read more, see DIGESTWORLD Issue No. 13a by Bobby Matherne
Anyone who has ever been employed or has ever been in a supervisory position, should read this simple little publication.  Reading this will bring to mind attitude in the workplace.  Those of us who are recalcitrant, because we think we are irreplaceable, should  be reminded that nobody is indispensable, and should rethink our position at work.
I'm always suprised when I run across an Artist who hasn't read this book. The good fine arts programs require it, as do thoughtful private teachers. An Artist needs a philosophy more than  paint or canvas. This book will show you what a very good one looks like and help you identify your own.
Winners never cheat is an autobiographical tale of Jon Huntsman, and the strict ethical code he practices in business and in personal dealings.  It is insightful and relates multiple examples of the importance of keeping ones word and not fudging the truth.  Mr Huntsman has my respect and I applaud his ethics--but a great writer he is not.Should be required reading in business college.
I received this book as part of the Vine program.David P. Clark has presented us with the idea that germs have had much to do with the history of humankind.  He gives many examples of how infections of various kinds changed the course of history by either favoring invaders (as on the North American continent) or the established population (the city of Rome, for example).  He assumes a classical Darwin pose to death--The fittest surviving is a good thing--which makes some of his writing seem callous and cold hearted, especially as he describes how the Black Death wiped out much of the population of Europe.Some of the writing is repetitive, and the book often seems like a set of lectures that include the review necessary for a student learning material over many class periods to be successful in that learning.  It does not work as well for a book as it does in a class (especially since the 256 pages of text will probably be read in just a few sittings at most).Despite the few quirks that a good editor would probably eliminate, the material itself is interesting, and the writing style is generally readable.  If this is a topic that interests you, this book is a worthwhile read.
Synopsis: Jean-Baptiste Grenouille is born in the eighteenth century, abandoned at birth in the slums of Paris. There is something odd about him, he has no personal smell, yet he has the most incredibly developed sense of smell, able to separate and identify every particle of every scent and store it in his memory. Through his cunning and planning he is able to become a perfumer, learning the skills necessary to create scents specific to his own plots and schemes. One day he chances upon a smell unlike anything he has ever come across before and begins a plan to take it for himself.What a dark, macabre gem of a story this is. It opens with 'In eighteenth-century France there lived a man who was one of the most gifted and abominable personages in an era that knew no lack of gifted and abominable personages.' With this line I was hooked and stayed hooked right the way through to the fantastic ending. Grenouille is such a weird, vile little creature, utterly repellent and yet so sympathetic at the same time. Suskind describes him so well I could not only see him in my minds eye but feel him as well, making shudders up my spine. One example of this is: 'Grenouille was now standing up, completely unfolded to full size, so to speak, in the doorway, his legs slightly apart, his arms slightly spread, so that he looked like a black spider that had latched on to the threshold and frame.' This is such a unique story with an ending that is unexpected but so perfect. It has such a dark humour and is rich with desire, sensuality and lust. I really haven't read anything this different for a very long time, and strongly recommend it. I've now got my eyes out for Suskind's other works, they are very high on my TBR list.
This book is really great. It asks questions that we wouldn't normally think of and gave us alot of insight to one another and they are serious questions that every couple should ask one another. It has really helped us communicate about some serious subjects. Thanks!
He's such a tragic hero, I miss reading about his trials. This most recent Harry Houle was an awful lot like a few of the others. Felt like I was rereading almost anyone of the previous books. Still loved it but sad to feel like it was nothing new.
This is another exceptional novel by Jo Nesbo.  We haven't read them in order but have enjoyed each & every one so much we do not care!
This is the first Ruth Rendell book that I have read (I'm a big mystery fan).  I had tried others, but just could not get into them.I decided to give it another try, and picked up The Brimstone Wedding.  Glad I did.  What a wonderful story she wove.I enjoyed it very much.  It was not a "un-put-downable' (sorry for the weird word, but you get it) book, but it was one I came back to again and again to find out what happens to these people.  Her characters are so well developed and sympathetic.I hope the next one I try I will enjoy as much as I did this one!
Change leadership has got to be one of the hottest topics in business.  Global business celebrity, Jeffrey Hayzlett, provides his unique insights in this book, focusing on helping companies to get out of their own way.  In this economic climate, this message is a must-read for every executive.  Hayzlett carries on the common-sense, no B.S. approach that he introduced in "The Mirror Test" - the honesty and clear-cut advice was well worth the investment.  Highly recommended.
The children in question are those hundreds of infants born at midnight on August 15, 1947 - the precise moment at which the independent Indian nation state came into existence. They all have supernatural gifts, but few more so than the narrator, Saleem Sinai, blessed (or cursed) with the enormous nose of his presumed ancestors which gives him the gift of telepathy, the ability to "sniff out" what others are thinking. But he is not his father's son. Switched at birth with another baby, Saleem is a Hindu child raised by wealthy Muslims. This book is his written record of Indian national history from 1910 to 1978, through its concordances with his own family life - an expression of what Rushdie calls "the national longing for form", the obsession with correspondences and similarities. We follow Saleem and his riotous extended family through the partition of India and Pakistan, the ascendancy of "The Widow" Indira Gandhi, war, and, eventually, the imposition of martial law. As Saleem discovers, "midnight has many children; the offspring of Independence were not all human. Violence, corruption, poverty, generals, chaos, greed and pepperpots ..." Readers familiar with the history of twentieth-century India will find this more enjoyable than most, as much of the pleasure here lies in the way Rushdie folds national-political events into Saleem's experiences using four modes of connection which Saleem helpfully describes midway through - active-literal, passive-metaphorical, passive-literal, and active-metaphorical. The other pleasure is Rushdie's language, which is rich and complex (however there were times when I found his rhetorical style almost tedious). Fortunately, this is a very funny book, taking many of its cues from Bollywood cinema, and it's also quite acidic: part comedy, part angry polemic, it's a an odd combination but the result is a wonderful piece of literature. This is a book you will probably read several times in your life and enjoy in new ways with each encounter.
This book, is and of itself, a mind bending twist. Esentially two stories that are intertwined (and I won't spoil how.) His characters are well crafted and deep. The story goes into a deep, metaphisical discussion of the nature of being while characters are chased by phantoms and gangsters.It is however still Japanese, and as such, is not tied down by Western notions of writing. This makes reading it a whole lot better. Details, descriptions and people are just more, well, detailed.Murakami's wit and attention to detail is crafted well. The main character, who may not be the typical hero (or anti-hero) one comes to expect, displays a layer of cool as his problem becomes manifest. A whole system (or should I say System) is provided, with a history and detail that we are not always privy to.You should read this. Just don't forget where your shadow is.
Have gone through most of the collection and have enjoyed them.Was not sure about it when I ordered it but have enjoyed each of the stories.
In many of the self improvement books available in the market today, a number of areas are stressed as relevant in our personal growth - self control, discipline, empathy and love. We are informed that if these are  present in our lives, we will obtain happiness, fulfilment and maximise our  talents and abilities.In addition to these, all problems will be solved  or at least be seen as opportunities to be welcomed with open arms. We are  in control of our destiny. Limits lie within us and the environment is only  the means by which we reach our ambitions.If "The Road Less Travelled"  had followed these much trodden pathway, its fate would be like many of its  contemporaries; no reprints and best forgotten by those who had read  them.M. Scott Peck fully acknowledged that life is difficult and this  forms the first sentence in the book. Although to some extent the author  wrote on self development and growth, this forms only the peripheral.  Problems exists and it do not go away. The author fully acknowledge the  significant of religion and grace (the unexplainable in science) and its  role in providing us with our fulfilment in life. The author unashamedly  points out his conviction on this matter with rigour and wrote passionately  and convincingly.Any books on self development and improvement that  emphasised mainly on our personalities and actions simply ignored the many  real limitation in our actions. Born with disabilities, incurable illness,  tragedies and accidents, all these are beyond our control and impact our  lives tremendously. Our actions then  becomes our  limitations.Nevertheless, the one small blemish in this book is the  overconfident and belief in psychoanalysis of the author. I am not a great  fan of Freud and I find somehow unconvinced our midnight dreams are the  wisdom of the unconscious. However this should not distract us from the  great worth of the book and it should be thoroughly read and  absorbed.Undoubtedly, M. Peck Scott has provided to us a new approach to  live our life and it should be adopted by many as the right course to  embark upon.
Crichton has a true best seller here that holds the attention all the way through the 400+ pages.I like the fact that his protagonist is a gutsy lady who is working with a bunch of engineers in an aircraft plant. She knows how to hold her own and that takes a lot when you know how engineers manage their interpersonal relations and staff.I like the portrayal of the television media for what many of them are; vampires for the latest blood and gore, willing to sacrifice the real explanation of a complex problem for the simple answer which brings off the instantaneous hype in 30 second bytes.The story line is fleshed out with a few side trips to examine our heroine's family life and extra curricular bedtime, but not so much that it detracts from a really great story about how we view airplane disasters, how little we as the general public really know about keeping a million pounds of steel in the air for 12 hours at a time and how blase' we have become about safe comfortable aircraft travel.The behind the scenes plant operations, the union actions and the administrative infighting for power are straight out of the jungle of human relations. I love the way Casey is finally able to turn the tables on the unscrupulous duo of Marder and Richman.  We'll miss tha fact that Crichton is no longer with us and able to continue to stimulate our imaginations to such a high degree.I didn't put the book down for the last 200 pages despite the dishes piling up and the dog scratching at the door.  Read the first half in bits to absorb the data and then save the last half for when you have a real chance to break away and complete it in one marathon sitting!
This book is a great starting point to learning this system. It is not a sales job to a newsletter or a software. This is a no-kidding trading system that requires further training.
This is not a mistery book, it starts like one, but it turns into a beautiful novel about how an autistic mind works.  The depiction of Christopher is incredibly accurate, and I know because my son is also an Asperger kid, I felt like my son could have written many passages of the book.  It is a very original book with a very original story line, and all the characters are very real.  I read it in one seating, and I recommend it highly.  If you have never closely interacted with an Asperger kid, it will give you an worthy insight about how some interesting characters out there behave, and you will have a great time reading it; if you have close contact with autistic kids you will laugh and cry when reading how others deal with the same situations you have to face day in and day out.
I had read two other books by Jennings (Raptor and Aztec) and think that this is the best of the three.  This is a fascinating look at the journeys of Marco Polo through Asia.  I learned a great deal of history through this book such as the origins of paper money, bombs, and European maps.The book is loaded with fascinating characters with great names (Nostril and The Fondler for example).  It is told in a manner that the reader feels they are traveling with Marco on his long treks.  We can actually feel the tension and despair the characters feel as Marco tries to save a woman from the tortures of Fondler.  The battle scenes are so vivid it seems that Mr. Jennings has literally transported the reader to the center of the action.Not to be missed!
I absolutely loved this glimpse at British life in 1889. Pairing it with the audio version was a stroke of genius. The narrator took me along with him and those 3 feckless friends on the boat ride down the Thames.
This is a must have book for anyone who (like myself) has invested the time and effort to install and use Ubuntu.  It gives the big picture about Ubuntu and contains information that is tremendously helpful.  For example, it explains all about the "Alternate Install CD" and how it can be used to install a LAMP configuation.  (LAMP stands for Linux, Apache, MySql, and Php).  It also explains the philosophy of Ubuntu as well as  all sorts of Ubuntu options and abilities that would not be evident without this valuable book.Still, the treatment in this book of how to print remotely to a Windows computer is shockingly incomplete and really inexcusable (even though you still should buy this book).  The book is 433 pages long, yet there are only two sentences in the entire book explaining this really important and confusing subject.  Here is the entire book's advice, unedited and complete from the book:  "If your Windows system is sharing a printer, you will have to specify Samba, which is the standard way to get Linux and Windows systems to communicate with each other.  You will still have to specify a print driver as described earlier."  That's it.  Big help, right?  They don't even show a screen shot of the relevant remote printer configuration screen, which in fact is a very confusing screen that asks for options that are not intuitive at all.For the money the book is a good deal and I'm very happy with it, but that doesn't change the fact that its treatment of printing to a remote Windows computer is shamefully incomplete.
The book was well written and very informative. I am still wondering how she managed to stay alive so long!
Owl reminds me a bit of Winnie-the-Pooh as far as brains and personality go. I find him utterly delightful, despite not being very bright. This book actually contains five short stories, but my toddler never wants to stop at one, so we always read the whole thing. They include The Guest, which is the winter wind, that Owl thought might like to come in and warm up, but he thinks it is rather rude making a mess of his house and blowing snow everywhere. Strange Bumps are two mysterious bumps that appear beneath his blankets (from his feet) but disappear when he tries to look for them. Tear-Water Tea is Owl's way of venting his emotions, I suppose: He thinks about sad things like pencils that are too short to write with or books that cannot be read because pages have been torn out. He catches all his tears into a teapot and makes tea with them. Upstairs and Downstairs is a story where Owl is trying to check on his upstairs and downstairs at the same time and ends exhausted in the middle of his staircase (this one makes me think Owl has spent too much time alone at home). Owl and the Moon is a sweet story about how the moon is following Owl home and he insists she cannot come home with him because she will not fit through the door and he has no supper to offer her. But when the moon goes behind a cloud, Owl starts to miss her. Then she shines her light through his bedroom window, and he feels much better. I highly recommend.
Very detailed data and easy to find what you are looking for.  Reference is quick and the book is comprehensive.
This reading experience actually etches new circuits in the reader's brain, springing him/her from the ruts that have arrested further understanding about just about everything.  It isn't that it gives you new ideas.  Any book does that.  But this one opens the mind to many options.  The technique is to thoroughly familiarize oneself with the stories in the book, reading them repeatedly, until they have done their work and created open ended pathways within the brain.  Almost imprceptively, one finds his/her capacity for understanding expanding.  The stories are also just good entertainment.
I got this book years ago. It's one of those books that you reread over and over because the advice is so pure, sensible, and hits you a different way each time depending on what is going on in your life at the time. It's an entertaining read. It's written using the characters of Winnie the Pooh to illustrate what could be difficult to understand concepts. As a result, it's very easy to grasp. You don't feel assaulted, guilty or resistant either. I mean, it's Pooh! :) I highly recommend it for anyone doing soul searching or who just wants to understand life a bit better. I've given this book away as a gift over and over again. It's just one of those books that speaks to many people.
Yes, the first part was a little slow but there was more than once that I laughed out loud during the middle and end. I really did not know who she would finally choose but I was so happy at the ending. I think Charisma and Simon could have been stronger characters and the story was a little bit long but overall it was a very good book.
There is a reason this book has so many good reviews and I will not bother recapitulating the plot as others have done so well and thoroughly, perhaps too thoroughly I add.I am 68 years old and not prone to being moved to tears by any work of fiction at this stage of my life and experiences.If you can read this work though to the end and not care enough about what happens to the the characters to trickle a little water down onto your chin, just renew your subscription to Sports Illustrated and get some season tickets -- first game is March 31st.Could not put this powerful work down so it is good that I am semi-retired; wish I could give it more than five stars but a sixth one is not handy at the moment.Cheers - dc
as my favorite author, she always keeps me wanting more and never being disappointed by any lack of romance or adventure.  she gives you all in this and every other novel she writes !
Great Pictures and great chapter reviews  that ask NCLEX style questions and provide reasoning for why your answer was correct or incorrect in the appendix.
All I can say is that we got this book, and things actually DID strart going better, including getting a better job, having more positive things happen, etc. Things literally turned around. And that was within one month. I liked the exercises - very practical and doable.In regard to the idea that he didn't have any objective test  for luck - Dr. W. had subjects go into rather  lengthy descriptions of what in their lives had happened to support their perception of themselves as lucky or unlucky.  By most people's standards, the unlucky people WERE having rather hard times. The lucky people were having a much easier time.It's important to remember that Dr. W. is sort of  professional skeptic - he's not into the paranormal. He got these principles out of hard-headed investigation. I learned in the lab - don't argue with the results you have gotten! He's gotten good results - try it for yourself and see!
Finally, we have a book that provides a good guide for the rebuilding of the American Economy.  Most books focusing on economic growth assume that economy will recover as long as we have four conditions:Republicans stress1.  Low tax rates to stimulate investment.2.  Little or no regulation of business activity.Democrats focus on1.  Government spending to boost consumer confidence and thereby encourage consumers to spend money.2.  Increase business regulation either to increase opportunity and fairness or to increase the power of Washington D.C.Are either of these prescriptions accurate?The turbulent last decade has been in a way a great laboratory to test economic theories. Early in the decade Republicans received their chance to prove that low tax rates and reduced business regulations would lead to superior economic growth.  Democrats now have had two years to prove that massive government spending would increase economic growth.  Sadly, it appears that neither one of these theories is the answer.  Currently, unemployment levels are near twenty percent if you count those who have been unemployed for more than six months. Unemployment levels were around twenty five percent during the great depression. Clearly neither strategy has been working very well over the last decade. During the last decade we have had two major stock market crashes, two rounds of fraudulent accounting scandals, and two unsustainable economic bubbles and a negative return on the S&P; 500.The Seeds of Destruction takes a different take on economic growth.  Authors Glenn Hubbard and Peter Navarro prescription aligns closely with historical evidence on how economies grow.Hubbard and Navarro's prescription is:1.  Free markets Free of corruption and Monopoly.  "A free market free of monopoly elements - Adam Smith, Wealth Of Nations"  According to Adam Smith you need laws to control corruption and monopolies.  Lack of trust leads to economic freeze ups because no one wants to take the risk that they might lose their entire investment.  This is true in investment markets and the grocery market.  Who would shop at a grocery store if there was risk that they would not deliver the groceries over to you.2.  Free and Fair Trade Helps all countries grow.  Free trade between two nations will never lead to stronger economic growth for both countries unless both play by the same rules.  In short, you cannot have one country protecting its market while the other does not.  Nor can one country manipulate its currency while the other does not. Page 32 of this book.3.  Entrepreneurship - Historically what has led America to the top was new inventions in machinery and operations.  Innovators looking for easier, safer and more efficient methods in order to reduce waste and increase profits. Joseph Schumpeter observed this in his 1942 treatise Capitalism, Socialism and Democracy.4.  Without savings there can be no investment and growth.5.  Stable banking system.  The Glass Steagall Act of the 1930's was implemented to reduce banking instability that contributed to the great depression.  After its passage America had one of the most stable if not the most stable banking systems in the world.  Ten years after its repeal the United States has had two stock market crashes, two large scale fraudulent accounting scandals and a huge government bailout to save the banking system which is going to cost tax payers billions.6.  Technological change matters more than machines and workers.7.  Workers matter as much as physical capital.  Workers create technological innovation with new designs and operational techniques.  Second, studies have found that companies that treat their workers well tend to have greater labor stability, higher profits and greater innovation.  SeeThe Human Equation: Building Profits by Putting People First8.  Energy dependence stunts economic growth.  Oil accounts for 40% of the United States trade deficit in goods.  Second, the high price of oil is in effect a tax that is paid  to overseas nations such as Iran.  In addition, when the Federal Reserve lowers interest rates to stimulate the economy this action is undone by a decline in the dollar which increases the price of oil which slows the economy.  So by being energy dependent, you lose some ability to control the economy to foreign nations which may not favor the U.S.9.  A healthy nation is a productive and prosperous nation.  University of Chicago Professor Robert Fogel has pointed out that there is a close connection between economic growth and improvements in human physiology.  Currently, the US health care system is a reactive system not a proactive system.  Why not try to head off problems before they occur.  SeeDiet and HealthLive 10 Healthy Years LongerThe Blue Zones: Lessons for Living Longer From the People Who've Lived the Longest10. A solid manufacturing base makes for a strong economy.  Manufacturing jobs create more growth in other economic sectors.  For every dollar of manufacturing output America creates almost a dollar and a half in related services.  Finally, as Andrew Grove (Intel) pointed out in a recent Business Week article (July, 1, 2010) a huge amount of technical and operational innovation is learned on the manufacturing floor.  Without manufacturing, a significant amount of innovation disappears from the U.S. economy and moves the the manufacturing country.
I think everyone knows the basic details of this story: Ebenezer Scrooge (not Scrooge McDuck, as I always want to call him), the Ghost of Christmas Past, "Bah, humbug!"It seems pretty easy to convince Scrooge that he should be nicer to those around him, but the story is good and so is the moral.
Articulated properly, full of exemples, interesting approach thanks to Strawberry Frog but nothing new that we did not know. Helps to make it clear but lacks practise and in-depth approach
I highly recommend this book. Barger has the real-world experience in building and managing world-class social media campaigns. With this book, he is sharing what is has learned through doing in his decade plus involvement with social media as function. A go-to book.
This is my second experience with Salman Rushdie. I read Haroun and the Sea of Stories awhile back. I believe that I chose to read this after seeing it highly recommended in Nancy Perl's "Book Lust" lists. I am looking for novels that will engross me with a story, give me a characters that I care about, and have a narrative voice that I trust. Like Ellison's "Invisibile Man", one of my favorite novels, I found Rushdie's Midnight Children to create a compelling narrator whose voice lingers and reveals great truth about his nation and culture.Some readers may not care for Saleem Sinai. He's unreliable as a narrator. He's loose with time and sequence and foreshadows. He meanders. He is struck with his self-importance. I found all of the digressions and explorations of Saleem Sinai to give the book its character and spice.The premise of the novel is extraordinary. The concept of the magical Midnight's Children who are both all powerful and powerless in and India that is not accomodating to their powers is a potent allegorical device. Saleem's relation to his own gifts and his own connection to the fate of his nation is especially profound and I wish that I had more knowledge of history, especially the history of Pakistan, to be able to fully appreciate the scope of Rushdie's nation revealing efforts.Ultimately, this is a book that is as much about a family and for those readers who are not into the allegorical and political dimensions of the book I still feel that it is worth giving the book 25 pages or so and seeing what you feel about it. If you can appreciate Saleem's voice and the story of his grandfather that begins the novel, you will certainly appreciate the book when Saleem enters his story and the plot moves more consistently through his life. Even missing the political and allegorical dimensions of the book, this can be read as a meditation on how a supremely gifted child succeeds and fails to be fully embraced by his family.Midnight's Children sucked me in and was worth the effort to get through. I hope that you will be similarly blessed by this ambitious book.5 stars
The Silver Chair was an excellent read filled with action, adventure, and peril. The tale starts out with two Adolescents named Jill Pole and Eustice Scrubb. They are about to get whisked away to the magical land of Narnia. A secret mission is given to them by the ruler of the land, Aslan the great lion. Their job is to rescue the prince Rilian of Narnia, who is said to have been killed on a hunting trip, years and years ago. With the help of their new friend Puddleglum the Marsh Wiggle, Pole and Scrubb will go through a series of challenges which will test their friendship and their faith in Aslan, the most essential part of their mission (for reasons I can't spoil for you all). From fighting through blizzards, to fording ice cold rivers, to escaping from the flooding of an underground fortress, this is a great book from start to finish.Right from the beginning, I could tell that this would be a great book. C.S. Lewis has done a phenomenal job with this book. I would never have thought that he could surpass the other books in the series, but he did. Pole and Scrubb go everywhere. There's a big "Lord of the rings" type journey thorough the mountains, a "Jack and the bean stock" style of escaping a castle, they even go underground into the heart of Narnia, a little C.S. Lewis "Original twist".There is absolutely no way to guess where prince Rilian is until the answer is upon you. All hope is lost until BAM! The children find the missing piece to the puzzle, they solve the riddles, and they find that they were closer to the answer then ever before. I personally thought that they were going to die. They get trapped underground by a powerful witch. There's about 100,000 earth men that are against them as well, I didn't see hope. I can't say what happens but I'll say this, it turns out good.In Conclusion, The Silver chair was a great and epic tale. I recommend reading the other Chronicles of Narnia first. Seeing as this book is the sixth installment to the series, it's very hard to understand without the background information. If you like the Lord of the Rings, you've got to read this.
If you are a consultant or want to become one, this book is the how-to-consult manual that you must have. Clearly written with occasional touches of tasteful humor, Million Dollar Consulting offers a dynamic step-by-step plan for people who want to reach the pinnacle of consulting, without compromising their integrity, their family, their health or their well-rounded life.Several of my professional speaker colleagues have told me that they are reading this guidebook for the third time.  I can see why.  Each reading sheds fresh light on Weiss's detailed suggestions.If you are serious about consulting, I recommend that you start reading this book right away.  Keep pen and paper handy, to write down the action steps you are going to take to implement Weiss's recommendations.The subtitle captures the book's essence: &quot;The Professional's Guide to Growing a Practice.&quot;  Read Million Dollar Consulting, reshape your business, and grow your consulting practice to an extent you had not even considered previously.
This is an interesting book."In the Lake of the Woods" is the first Tim O'Brien book I've read.  What impressed me the most was the craft he shows as a writer.  He's a real stylist.  It is no easy thing, I think, to manipulate time the way he does in shaping narrative, or to reveal events and character by implication rather than declaration.  That said, to the minor extent that one can separate form and content, I was not much moved by the story itself.  That seems to be a minor consideration in context, however.  I felt like I was reading a book by a genuine artist and I recommend it heartily.I will definitely read more by O'Brien.
I learned a lot from this class. I will keep this book. I gave an old one to a friend.
Once again the hapless trio find themselves in another miserable situation this time at a half completed hospital. As Lemony Snicket climbs closer to the goal of thirteen books in this miserable and hilarious series, the action becomes much more fast and furious with this particular book ending with a cliff hanger. More clues are being dropped about their parents fateful day,the mysterious V.F.D. and Jaques Snicket who came to an unfortunate end in the last tale of woe. Each outing gets better and better, and if you've read the others you'll surely want to snatch this one up!
I thought this would be a good refresher course for me before I advanced to an intermediate level.The book jumps straight into learning communication starting with chapter one &#34;What's your name?&#34;What I don't like about this book is that the Korean script is on page 89 as a reference. I don't feel it's really being taught. If you tried learning Japanese before and you relied heavily on romaji chances are you'll try to do the same. I feel the Korean script isn't being used enough in this book and it should of been implemented within the first 2-5 lessons so you gradually learn to start memorizing the vowels and consonants instead of relying on a pronunciation key. The pronunciation key is given below each word written in Hangul.I do like the listening activities as well as the reading and writing exercises. There are some game activities in the book which require you to cut out charts and cards given in the back of the book.WARNING: There is an answer key in the book as well, remember to be careful looking at it. The pages contain answers for multiple topics, you wouldn't want to ruin your learning experience.I feel that if you're serious about actually reading the script you should pick another book but if you just want to learn to speak quickly to others this is a good book for you.
I really enjoyed The Rule of Four. It was cleverly written with many twists and turns. I loved it and would recommend.
I had been meaning to read this book for quite awhile, but never quite got around to it until today.  This book is a quick read.  (I think it only took me about 45 minutes to read from cover to cover.  However, I didn't take time to ponder most of the illustrations.)Kate is a great character.  Strangely enough, the title poem &quot;Hey World, here I am&quot; is probably the one I liked the least in the whole book.  I haven't read any of the other books that include Kate, but this book does stand alone.  With this book, the reader gets an insight into Kate that is refreshing.Rather than using long journal entries, Kate relates little things in her world through poems and through short stories.  Some of these things are quite moving, such as the time that Kate's mother yells at her to clean her room.  Later, Kate's mother comes back to apologize, saying she had a bad day at work, etc, and that she didn't mean to snap like that.  Kate's observation on the situation is that she could deal with being snapped at, but having to deal with her mother's sadness was something much harder.  Other observations are more joyful, such as the hope for spring (in February in Canada!) or being happy to have a best friend like her friend Emily.I think this is a wonderful book.  Don't let it's shortness put you off.  Not every book is meant to be 300 pages.
Many high school students quit school before graduation.  They have numerous causes for this choice, some more legitimate than others.  The bottom line remains that the modern world often demands at least a high school diploma or its equivalent in order to progress to higher levels of occupational achievement.  This especially holds true for those who want to earn a college degree.  So for high school dropouts interested in making such progress, the General Educational Development (GED) credential becomes a must.  Other Amazon reviewers have already praised this book so I will strive to avoid repeating their valid applause.  As a college graduate who followed an unusual path of education, however, I do want to make some observations about this book and the GED that I hope other readers find helpful.First, let me state that I found this massive tome quite an enjoyable and informative experience.  It contains, in one volume, the essentials of what every high school graduate ought to know.  The included compact disc (CD) has fully interactive practice tests on every GED subject and provides feedback to the user on areas needing improvement.  A GED candidate would have a hard time finding a better study guide.Now for the main thrust of my review.  I purchased this text for the express purpose of examining my own educational background and attempting to share lessons learned with future generations.  I attended a small, rural high school in North Carolina 1980-1982 for ninth and tenth grades.  My academic ambitions led to my application to the North Carolina School of Science and Mathematics (NCSSM), a new experiment in education that opened in 1980 for "gifted" eleventh and twelfth graders.  To my delight, the school accepted me and I attended 1982-1984 and graduated with a high school diploma from that school as well as 19 semester hours of placement college credit.  I will not repeat my lessons learned from those experiences in this review but invite the reader to do a Google search for my article "Advice for Those Considering NCSSM" and my YouTube video "Dual Enrollment versus NCSSM" instead.  Suffice it to say that I would expand my range of options to investigate if I found myself in tenth grade today.This brings me to the point of this review.  As I read this book, I think back to what I knew in tenth grade and how I might have performed on the GED in those days.  Frankly, I think I could have passed it with very little study.  The main subjects in the book I had not yet studied at that time included World History, Economics, and Civics.  The book elucidates these subjects so well that I feel confident I could have spent a few hours studying them and passed the corresponding tests.  That a "gifted" student could do this begs questions about why the government schooling system keeps such students locked into government high schools rather than encouraging them to finish high school early and begin college early.  Programs such as NCSSM as well as the new "Early College High Schools" popping into existence attempt to address this problem with mixed success.  However, the Internet now makes a college education much more accessible to such accelerated learners with high school not even needed.In my fantasy "do over" scenario in which I found myself a teenager today, I would take the GED after tenth grade and immediately enroll in my local community college, bypassing NCSSM altogether.  After completing foundational courses for the next two years, I would transfer to engineering school as a junior while my former high school peers languished as college freshmen.  I would have no need to rely on Advanced Placement (AP) examinations, merely "hoping" to get college credit, because I would have already earned it.Of course, as with all fantasies, achieving this one would require satisfying many "if" statements: "If" I could get the support of my parents; "If" I could turn the law to my favor; "If" I could pass the relevant college entrance examinations; "If" I could find the funds and transportation needed to attend local college early; "If" ... "If" ... "If" ....  So many conditionals represent a fundamental flaw in American education today, namely its intrinsic resistance to young students of ability, independence, and ambition.  The handsome payoffs would make the effort to overcome such resistance worthwhile, however.I conclude this review by encouraging young, smart high school students to purchase and read this book.  Consider the implications of an early GED followed by an early start in college.  It could change your life for the better.
Very unique, weird characters that interact with one another in a distinctly New Orleans way.  You will enjoy! And probably want to visit New Orleans.  Beware of reading in public, you may become hysterical.
This is the Bible on sailmaking-all types of sails, and detailed step by step instructions, profusely illustrated, an superbly written. As you read,, you discover no detail is left out. Moreover, you find your confidence growing, and you feel encouraged. I successfully made a mainsail and mizzen for a shallop rig boat-a fore and aft square rigger with sprit yards. Pete Culler , a master boat builder, could not say enough good things about the Spritsail-and he is absolutely on the money. The shallop rig was used from the 1600's to the 1900's, and for good reason. For a small boat there is dramatically reduced probability of a capsize. A lot of canvas is spread out low. The peaks of the sails tend to pay off and spill gusts. No need to drop the sail by halyards...just haul in on the 'bridle', or tricing line, and the entire sail folds up verticaly to the masts. Every time I go sailing, a pointy headed rig capsizes. It's the 'lever arm moment', and some inexperience at the helm -plus a flukey wind -and over you go. With the 'Chaloupe" Rig, you can let go of the helm and the boat tracks right on heading-it's a balanced rig!I mention all this for the history, the  beauty and functionality of sails are well covered in this book. The instructions so complete, that I made a handsome, beautifully functional set of sails my first attempt. The book is that good. There IS no other! Forget looking.My sails are under 100 square feet each, so these are suitable for someone wishing to learn. My first attempt was on hands and knees with canvas spread out and tacked to the floor. My second set, I built a large subfloor table on sawhorses about ribcage high...this turns out to be a real back saver, and knee saver. Any larger sails, you need a large perfectly flat, smooth floor, no humps. So that too is something to think about. The author doesn't seem too crazy about using seam tape-but I discovered I personally much prefer using it...the whole sail can be pieced together without any pins or stitching at all...then you build infeed and outfeed tables ( also illustrated and explained in the book  ) with canvas rolled up on either side of the seam you are sewing...the seam tape holds it all together. Herreschoff advised small boats for a number of reasons- like being able to finish the job without bankrupting yourself, causing your wife to flee...but more than that, small boats are simply used more often. I have utterly no need for a larger boat, and never will-I have that much fun with this 16 footer. There are very good reasons for traditional boats and sails. Modern boats today pander to mostly the vain. And we all know where they are headed-somewhere below Davey Jones Locker.
It could be the sudden death of a charismatic figure in a circle of friends; the murder of the love-object of an obsessed middle-aged couple; a gruesome and disturbing accident in an English park on a sunny afternoon; or the impulsive act of a jealous and creative little sister.  In either case, a story evolves out of a freakish event, itself rooted in some inexplicable (but obliquely recognizable) human drive, and it makes for a fine read.  Depending on which novel, the initiating event of the story might get told in the beginning or later the story, but McEwan tells it with just the right pacing, from various angles or points in time, or points of view.  In Atonement the telling happens with a rhythm so perfect and patient and the depictions of character are so on target it's spooky...you follow with half trust half dread.  This is McEwan's trademark, but his signature is nowhere developed so fully as in his novel Atonement.The central "incident" in Atonement is a quick succession of actions on the part of 13-year-old Briony, which damages the lives of several characters, including that of her adored older sister, Cecilia.  But the baffling question of what compelled her is more subtle than jealousy of Robbie's love for Cecilia.  That would have been believable enough and sufficient to drive the events of the story, yet McEwan doesn't stop there, instead goes on to excavate more carefully with feather-brush, for a more subtle and eloquent truth.  Which is, I think, jealousy for Cecilia's own departure from childhood as it concerned Robbie, leaving Briony behind, as it were.You recognize the authorial voice when the adult Briony, now a writer, muses that "A modern novelist could no more write characters and plots than a modern composer could a Mozart symphony."  But the story really IS symphonic, and McEwan is rare in being a strong character author who can work a plot.  Some of the best writing in the book belongs to the middle section that is set during WWII, following Robbie in combat during the retreat from Dunkirk, and the war hospitals where Briony starts on her journey toward redemption.  But especially, in Atonement you can feel the author's nostalgia for the 19th century English gothic.  In Cecilia and Robbie are reflections of Cathy and Heathcliff.  Like the characters in Wuthering Heights, Cecilia and Robbie too were childhood friends, Robbie being the outsider taken in and educated on the philanthropy of the father.  And their years-long love story is based on a foundation of unconsummated abstracted idealism.  Other gothic elements include the events that take place on the dark and scary grounds of the estate house, and the absent (or ineffectual) mother.  But most of all in the way the character of Briony reflects one of the most enigmatic gothic heroines of all time, Henry James' governess in The Turn of the Screw, another young girl whose enormous imaginative precocity, constrained by chronological childhood, leads to unfathomable behavior.
With Murray Siskind, DeLillo has created a character as lovable as he is obnoxious. Murray is the very quintessence of the overblown campus blather we hear too often every day. He talks loud and says nothing. But the passion with which he throws himself into these subjects is touching. His love affair with the small town of Blacksmith, after escaping brutal New York, is touching. We laugh at him first, and with him second. We can&#65533;t write him off as a bunch of hot air&#65533;for all of his pontificating, he does provide some of the novel&#65533;s better insights.Among my favorite moments are the gatherings of the New York emigres, who are supposedly the cream of the culturally refined crop, yet trade macho stories about where they&#65533;ve had sex. They are sadistic and fascinating, admitting the self-indulgent nature of self-pity and the ego gratification of envisioning one&#65533;s own funeral.Sudden disasters like the Nyodene spill&#65533;and the Bhopal incident in India which coincided eerily with White Noise&#65533;s publication&#65533;wake people up from their complacent reveries and force them to re-examine aspects of their lifestyle they formerly took for granted. The problem, DeLillo seems to feel, is that they too quickly slip right back into that complacent forgetfulness. This idea is especially poignant since the events of September 11, 2001.The comparison between White Noise and Slaughterhouse Five is an obvious one, and I&#65533;m sure I&#65533;m not the first to make it. DeLillo&#65533;s dark humor is what propels this book forward. In treating such an ominous subject as death and our absolute inability to avoid it, DeLillo knows that the best way to avoid slipping into an existential regress is to be funny, to make jokes about death and emphasize the absurdity and lightness of life in the face of something as inevitable and incomprehensible as mortality. This glib attitude towards potential danger continues throughout the book, both in Jack&#65533;s interior monologues and his often absurd exchanges with other characters, recalls the optimistic absurdity of an experimental novel like Trout Fishing In America as it juxtaposes banality against catastrophe. Characters often seem oblivious to death, or are at least trying to get death to bend to their rules; SIMUVAC gets irritated when real-life emergencies are less convenient than the simulated ones. Double homicides and burning buildings become  spectator events.In an unfavorable review of White Noise, Jonathan Yardley wrote: &#65533;DeLillo constructs a powerful case against a great many things it&#65533;s extremely easy to be against: the numbing and corrupting influences of technology, the dehumanization of modern society, nuclear war, all the usual suspects.&#65533;I agree with Yardley, but not for the same reasons. These problems are omnipresent, and because they are omnipresent, a lot of mediocre fiction (and non-fiction) is written about them, causing everyone to lose their appetite for discussing them at any level. DeLillo, in contrast, has written about them from a fresher perspective, removing the generic humanist self-righteousness that often accompanies such discussions, and looking at all these problems from a lighter&#65533;yet still more poignant&#65533;perspective.
This story is a departure for John Grisham, moreso than that of &quot;A Painted House.&quot; The book is easy to read and enjoyable. That said, this review is for the Limited Edition I received today. My family will cherish this for years to come, I suspect. My immediate family as well as my aunts, uncles, cousins and etc. know of my strong affinity for John Grisham, and it is an honor for me to own #28 of the 350 copies available worldwide. If you get the chance to buy one, perhaps from an auction site, do so. The book comes boxed in a cloth slip cover, numbered and signed by Mr. Grisham himself. Receiving this special item causes me to forgive him for writing &quot;The Brethren!&quot; Even if you don't care for the story at all, attempt to procure this wonderfully handsome book. I haven't decided where in the house I'm going to display it, but folks at work are already wanting to see it. Thank you, John, for signing my copy. Keep up the good work!
Leickie does a great job telling an awesome story!A must for military readers and supporters of our men and womenin harms way
This expression describes the book to a T. I was reading the other reviews and someone implied that the author should just suck it up when she faces rude behavior. Another complains that she writes in a rude manner herself.These people missed the point. Rude people do not understand subtlety. It's useless to say "Dear neighbour, would you be as polite as to not park in my driveway"? They only get your point when you reply in kind (this is not to say that you should let rudeness escalate. It just means you must get their attention first, and you won't get it by being all smiles).As to "suck it up"... well, by doing that you simply reinforce rude behavior. Rude people are self-entitled, and by remaining silent you feed their ego. Which is bad not only for you, but for me also, because I may be the next victim. So do us all a favor and speak up.As a final note, I must point out that the unfavorable reviews on Amazon seem to be all made by people who did not read the book (check them for yourself). There was even an attempt to flame the book with negative reviews (which Amazon rightfully deleted).If you're sick and tired of rude people, and would like to see a politically incorrect backlash, this is the book for you!
This has the best method of determining for yourself whether your thyroid is functioning below "good health" and it's free!  The biggest challenge after determining that your thyroid is not helping maintain your health properly is convincing your "mainstream" medical doctor to give you the prescription for the supplement!
I absolutely loved this book.  While it is a romance, it is so much more than just a romance.  It is a heartwarming and totally engaging tale of a woman who is forced to make radical changes as she attempts to save her family's farm.  Filled with depth and color, the author has brought both the hard work involved in dairy farming as well as the wonder of farm life.  Very realistic farm scenes and challenges.  This was a great story and one I highly recommend.  I enjoyed so much, that I have added this author to my must read authors list.
This is an excellent book by Gardner...He really understands boats and different skill levels among boat builders.Would recommend this book to others who are just starting out or highly skilled.
Tis book gives good advice on being a manager. It cover everything from hiring, motivating,and leadership. The book is broken down into 59 truths. Very well organized and a good buy for managers. Managers also have to be good at time managementKill the Time Bandits
There is a reason why med students learn anatomy, histology,embryology, physiology,and biochemistry before picking up Harrison's, so I snicker when non-MD's think they can read and understand ( with the help of Taber's medical dictionary, which by the way is used by nurses, physicians in training use Dorland's) a medical textbook, especially one like Harrison's.( What is especially humorous is that one reviewer recalled that the textbook was titled "Tinsley & Harrison "(sic).... funny because Harrison's first name was Tinsley, as in Tinsley Harrison, MD).This is like a layperson reading a computer manual then taking apart his PC and trying to put it back together. To reiterate a layperson has a better chance of understanding Hippocrates' aphorisms in the original Greek than Harrison's. Remember a little knowledge is a dangerous thing. To the reviewer that has Tinsley Harrison's earlier edition textbook, the medical information there is as useful as a screen door in a submarine. If it's writing style, literature and actual history of medicine that you are after, may I suggest "The Practice and Principles of Medicine" by  Sir William Osler.
These are classic books great for upper elementary kids to read alone or to read aloud to younger ones. It's a great gift idea and three fun books to read.
THIS REVIEW IS ONLY ABOUT THE ORIGINAL VERSION, NOT THE MODERN REWRITE!!!When I first read this book (at around 9), I loved it because of the main character, Mary. She was described as "disagreeable," but I liked her -- and I was disappointed when she changed from her "contrary" self into a nice little girl. I also loved the other characters (especially  Martha, the "sturdy" housemaid and the "robin who showed the way" and Ben Weatherstaff), and the descriptions.For example, Mary explores Miselthwaite Manor on a rainy day; she's heard that the house has over a hundred rooms-- and the book is so vividly written that all these years later, I can still remember her playing with a set of ivory elephants, finding a mouse and her young family in a sofa....Other vivid small moments are the maid talking about the moors and opening the windows which made me long to go to Yorkshire and breathe in the moor air. THe story itself is quite suspenseful and I loved that, too.Now that I'm grown up, I still love all those things, but I understand why Mary had to change (though I still wish she hadn't!). Now, parts of the book  (like her reaction to the flowers starting to grow in the garden) make me cry -- they're touching and Mary is too.  I appreciate the descriptions and characters and plotting even more than I did as a child and  agree that this is probably the best children's book ever written -- and one of the best books ever written, too.It inspired me as a writer. I am the author of BLOW OUT THE MOON, which is also about a contrary child (but an American) who transforms herself as a result of kind-hearted English people in the English countryside. I didn't copy THE SECRET GARDEN, but the English boarding school I went to as a child (which is the subject of Blow Out the Moon) did remind me of that book!
Outstanding.  Well-written, well-structured, lucid prose, and something to say unlike a lot of eensy-teensy graduate school workshop stuff that passes for fiction these days.  Buy this one; you'll like it.  Can't wait for his  next book.
I ordered this book for my husband to read after watching the movie. Now he is hooked! But must warn you there are several more books about the father of main character you might want to read first.  Also, this series has approximately 8 books after it.
When I read that BRCM is 'roughly autobiographical,' I was stunned that a writer of Stegner's magnitude could come from such a pitiless, brutal background. The transient, rootless, poverty-stricken upbringing of the children in the Mason family is rife with tension, resentment, and a level of bleakness that's hard to comprehend. Bo Mason is the most powerful character, by far, a bootlegger always chasing the dream of fast money and instant wealth. It's hard to know exactly how Stegner feels about the character of Bo's wife, a long-suffering, self-sacrificing woman who remains loyal and always seems to be making excuses for him to their children. It's tough reading a story of such an abusive family situation, but it sure reads 'real' in its portrayal of a search for roots, for home, for love, for connection.
I own Churchill's entire series on WWII and have read it several times. I bought this volume because my original copy was lost. The series is a treasure of inside information as well as literary excellence. The 1953 Nobel prize in literature was awarded to Churchill, in large part because of this work and his "History of the English Speaking Peoples." If you love history, read these books. If you want to write history, study them. A great man, a great work.
This system worked well during secular bear markets to keep you safe from big losses, but has not done as well as Buy and Hold, by my statistics from 1980 through 1999.......however, again it has worked from 2000 through 2008, better than buy and hold.....Other momentum systems, using Bollinger bands with confirming puncture through various moving averages, and crossing moving averages as 40/20, 60/30, etc......are worth a look also..in a given market......however, all of the momentum systems have their specific problems
A fiting metaphor for looking at Onion John, is the humble onion with all its marvelous layers and strong, pungent odor.  As you read, the story unfolds slowly layer by layer, like an onion, which Onion John eats raw and by the bagful.  What I liked about Onion John is the idea that real friendship is built upon listening and respect.  What I didn't like as much is the all too prevalent idea today that if you don't like or respect what someeone is doing then you should try to change them to fit your beliefs.  Like Occams Razor, in the end the simplest ending turns out to be the most unexpected and profound ending in Onion John.  Onion John is worth reading.  It takes place in a time in America when people did not feel the need to lock their doors and windows every night and when you could still drink the tap water.  I really enjoyed Onion John once I got past the slowdown in the action after the baseball game where Andy and Onion John connected and I think there are some really good life lessons for us in the story, too.
This novel came in the mail on Saturday and my wife and I had both completed reading it by Monday evening.  It's short (176 pages) and takes 5-6 hours to read.  More authors should try using the short novel format.  I have been so happy with Painted House and now Skipping Christmas as a change of pace from Grisham's legal thrillers.  Don't get me wrong, he is still the master of the legal thriller and I'll read The Summons within a week of its release, but with these last two stories, Grisham has proven that he is one of our top contemporary authors, in the same category with Irving and Crichton, at least in my opinion.  I was a little disappointed with the ending, but that doesn't take away from the fact that this is a great story that should soon become a Holiday classic.
I took 3 years of college French and I learned many things in the first 5 minutes of the first CD I never knew. Michel Thomas's method is stress free, without rote memorizations, and truly revolutionary.The lessons move you to som elevel of proficiency very quickly by linking French to English by common words and rules. You start by learning how to put together setences. Since re-creation is much harder then recognition, you will gain facility with French very quickly.I applaud this method and will be buying the advanced set soon.
Fred Williams, a business journalist who has been writing about the collection industry  since 1999, has written an excellent book that explains how debt collectors operate. The author knows his subject. In 2008, he worked for 11 weeks at a debt collection agency near Buffalo.I thought this book would be a bit boring, but I actually found it to be interesting and empowering. He exposes the often downright dirty tactics that many debt collectors engage in. It's important to know how to fight back against such methods. Williams teaches his readers how to become their own financial advocates. Knowledge is power!In the Introduction, (p.1) he notes "After reporting on the debt collection industry for years, I had heard countless stories about outrageous collection tactics. Debtors- or even people who did not owe money--recounted vicious threats and the lies that collectors used to squeeze them for cash."Such threats warned "Their house would be seized, their family would be put on the street, or their children would watch as they were hauled off to jail." Williams says that consumer advocates assert that the industry, lacking any real restraints, is descending into increasingly harsh--and more profitable--practices.It's pretty alarming, as it can be so damaging to individuals, as well as families. These kinds of tactics toward those who are already fnancially stressed out, can send them over the edge. This is why it's imperative to learn the in's and out's of the debt industry, and be prepared to fight against them. You do have rights! Use them.Chapter titles include:* Debt Collection Secrets* Credit is King* Anger Can Be Power* Debtors Rebellion* NLE Means No Longer Employed* Coping with Collections* SolutionsThese are just a few of the chapters. As I read through each of them, I was struck by how ignorant I've been on this subject. It's not like they teach this stuff in school. Seems to me, in these times of increasing layoffs and downsizing, this subject is more important and pertinent than say, learning algebra. It's never too early, or late to learn. This subject is one that may affect most of us, at some point in life.This book is chock-full of useful information. You'll learn about the Fair Credit Reporting Act, Fair Debt Collection Practice Act, credit counseling agencies, how to clean up your credit report, and much more. Learn about your rights and protect yourself. Also, you never know when a friend or relative may need some sound advice. I really enjoyed this book, learned a lot, and highly recommend it.
Bret Easton Ellis's "Less Than Zero" is a stunning look at a demoralized generation of young adults, and everything starts going downhill from page one.  The narrator, Clay, comes home to L.A. from school for Christmas, trying to get back to his normal life with his best friend, Julian (who has become a serious druggy), his old girlfriend, Blair, and his drug dealer, Rip.  Things aren't quite the same though, and things take a turn for the worst as the book gets moving. This was Ellis's first book, and for a debut novel, this is one hell of a book.  He writes about some rather shocking things, ranging from a snuff movie to homosexual prostitution, throwing the realism in your face, commenting on the nihilism and demoralization that people beginning experiencing at a younger and younger age.  Though written in 1985, I don't think it's outdated, I think it still works for nowadays.  If you want a dark yet compelling novel, than read "Less Than Zero."
The Nobel Prize in Literature is supposed to be the ultimate award in writing, given to only the very best in the field.  Even if all Nobel winners are considered great, they are not all equally readable:  for example, the stream-of-consciousness narrative of William Faulkner requires more effort than the straightforward storytelling of John Steinbeck.  On the readability spectrum, Gabriel Garcia Marquez (or at least his translator Edith Grossman) is closer to Steinbeck, though he does present his own challenges.Love in the Time of Cholera is, as the title implies, a love story.  Florentino Ariza and Fermina Daza had a brief and chaste love affair in their teens, but she married the famous doctor (who helped abate a cholera epidemic) Juvenal Urbino.  After a half-century of marriage, Urbino died, and Florentino - who never stopped loving Fermina - approaches the new widow to re-state his devotion.This is not a spoiler.  All this is disclosed in the opening portion of the book (as well as described on the back of my copy of the book).  What follows is a recollection of the lives of Florentino and Fermina, and how they arrived at the point of their re-meeting. (What happens at that point, I will not spoil.)  For Florentino, it had been love at first sight, and his efforts to woo Fermina were relatively successful, resulting in an engagement despite their class differences.  She would abruptly break things off and marry Dr. Urbino, and while she adjusted to married life, Florentino would continue to pine away for her, even as he had numerous affairs and became successful in business.I suppose many would consider this a touching love story, but I think that is too simple.  This is more a tale of obsession:  Florentino's love for Fermina is not based on anything substantial, merely her appearance, and any conflicts in personality he disregards.  He is almost a stalker, and he interprets her rejections as secret love messages.  Fermina, for her part, is a rather shallow character.  Ironically, she actually made the right choice for a spouse; it is hard to picture a marriage between Florentino and Fermina lasting as long.It is this complexity that makes this novel so good.  Marquez's writing is compelling though it does require a bit of patience.  He assumes his reader knows certain things and aspects of the time and place (Colombia in the late 19th and early 20th Centuries) need to be picked up by context.  At times, he seems a bit rambling, but the narrative is always interesting.  In short, Love in the Time of Cholera is the type of novel you would expect from a Nobel Prize Winner.
this is a book every parent should read with their kids....it has so many lessons in it and it is just a great story
I read Jurassic Park long before all the hooplah came about. I found it to be a wonderfully original story full of detailed scientific explanations and powerful plot twists. What an adventure!Scientists come up with the ability to genetically engineer dinosaurs from their DNA material.  Excentric millionare John Hammond has a dream.  He wants to make an incredible new tourist attraction; a zoological park consisting entirely of dinosaurs.Well, things start out smoothly but eventually problems occur.  From there things snowball and Hammond's dream begins to turn into a terrible nightmare.Crichton does a great job of explaining the intricate and exciting scientific procedures, taking you right into the labratory.  His writing is exceptional, the plot is one of the most original, interesting, and captivating ones ever put to paper.  Who hasn't been to a museum and thought &quot;I wonder what it would be like if this huge pile of teeth and bones still roamed the earth.&quot;There's nothing bad I can say about this book.  Great storyline, excellent conflicting character development, facinating science, and a satisfying ending.  I could say that to someone who doesn't care for all the detailed genetic and computer jargon there could be a few slow spots. But not me, I love that junk! Thumbs up!
We have found a new detective that keeps us riveted by his humanness and unorthodox style of work. Mankell has us captured in all of his Wallander series. Next to Vargas... he is our top writer in the genre.
Great character development of three men, and their quite different routes to being caught in a viciously unpredictable hurricane. Great descriptions of things 'marine' should make it a good read for the non-sailor.
Growing up can be incredibly difficult for those like Holden Caulfield. On the verge of adulthood, he stares wide-eyed at a world of impostors, fakers, and phonies, unable to speak their language or to understand anything they do. How can he join them? How can he resist? What hope is there in this world, when to become a man is to become an actor in a bad movie? He sees himself as good and bad, hot and cold, incapable of being a part of a society he loathes, yet feeling quite lonely in his exile. His brothers and sister are his only touchstones. His parents are non-entities. School is prison, and life is some maniacal thing, stretching out in front of him. An abyss. Holden claws and grasps to hold on to innocence, to truth, at least the familiar truth of childhood. Holden instinctively knows that part of him is dying. He knows that something is going to replace him. Something he despises. He must grow up. THE CATCHER IN THE RYE is the best example of TRUE teen angst in literature. The words, the symbols, the atmosphere of dread and despair, all point to a bewildered boy becoming a man. Some do just fine, while those like Holden find it far more difficult to accept, because they feel that in order to become an adult, they must deny reality and put on a mask. There are many like him. This is their story...
This is the definitive text on this topic. Right from the basics of signals to the presentation of complex topics like communication systems, this book beats every other book. The one drawback is that examples are few and far apart. So eventhough those few examples are representative of entire sections, students may find it tough to solve the hundreds of exercise problems.However I have used many other texts for this course, and only Simon Haykin's text came close.
I read this book in the 1980's when I was in the Marine Corps. A tremendous book. James Webb who served in Vietnam as a Marine infantry Officer does a wonderful job of putting the reader " ON THE GROUND " making you understand what it was like to be a member of a Marine Rifle Company in Vietnam. I have read numerous books relating to military history especially Marine Corps history. And while this is a novel, this book gives the reader the unique opportunity to see what it was like to be a young American serving IN COUNTRY, against a determined and dedicated foe.  I recommend this book highly to anyone who has a thirst for Military historical knowledge because it allows you to see what those GREAT Americans who answered the call went through. I was not old enough to have served in Vietnam, but have profound respect for those who did particularly the Infantryman who fought the good fight. James Webb's book is a worthy read about a controversial subject, but one that all Americans should know more about.
Everyone Hates a Ball Hog but they All Love a Scorer: The Complete Guide to Scoring Points on and off the Basketball CourtJust like Everyone Hates a Ball Hog but They All Love a Scorer Mind gym points out the importance of the mental aspect of the sport. Alot of athletes do not realize the importance of being mentally prepared to compete but these books show you how and why.
Upon rewarding Coetzee with the Nobel Prize in Literature, the Swedish Academy praised his "Surprising involvement of the outsider." No outsider in his fiction has greater resonance than Michael K, the protagonist of this subtle, compassionate book. He is simple almost to a fault, hare-lipped, and lives a life of sheer existence. Civil war in South Africa drive he and his mother from their home, and they set out on a pilgrimage of sorts to his mother's pastoral hometown. Nothing works as expected, though, and K is soon all alone in a brutal world the polar opposite of the life he lives in his head.This is one of the masterworks of Coetzee's oeuvre, and with good reason. It is fast-paced, yet descriptive and surprisingly complex. K could well be a symbol of the old South Africa straining to keep its ideals in an apartheid-torn civilization full of malice, starvation and prejudice. Through brilliant writing we enter K's soul and in it a simple desire for peace. He is almost too delicate to live amidst the wreckage, yet maintains an iron will free from materialism that doesn't change the world, but has a profound impact on everything he comes into contact with. Highly recommended.
Although many children across the country dread having to read this one for an English project, I could not put this one down. It is written very well, but rambles at some points and uses COLORFUL dialogue. So if that offends you this is not for you. It is also repetitive within the main character's endless monologue.  Never the less this is a humorous story that gives the reader a new point of veiw. I suggest it strongly.
I haven't been too impressed with Grisham's writing of late, but I thoroughly enjoyed the Last Juror.  Grisham's depiction of the rural south during the 60's and 70's kept me reading.  More than that, I found myself engrossed in the relationship between Ms. Callie and Willie and watching Willie, a "city slicker" become a beloved member of Clanton.  Sure, the book had a murder mystery, romance, etc., etc., but this book was more about the growth of an unlikely friendship and what can happen if we open ourselves up to the unexpected.  One of Grisham's best books since A Painted House.
I had read this book years ago and enjoyed it enormously.  David Niven was a man of considerable charm and humor, and I remembered his autobiography as an absolute riot filled with farcical anecdotes, wonderful dialogue, and more name dropping than you could find in the white pages.  All of his yarns might not be completely true, but why let the truth get in the way of a good story that is knee-slappingly funny?Niven died in 1983, the victim of motor neurone disease, known in the United States as Lou Gehrig's.  But he was evoked very fondly by his pals Roger Moore and Robert Wagner in their 2008 autobiographies, so I decided to give his own 1971 memoir another read.  Alas, it is true what they say about not being able to go home again.  This time his narrative seemed dated--his movies and famous friends seemed to come from long ago and far away.  There were more references to his indulgence in booze and women than I recalled, and much information was missing.  Since my first reading, I learned that Niven's marriage to the alcoholic Hjordis had turned miserable and that he suffered greatly at the end of his life from both her mistreatment of him and his illness.  Wanting to know more about this wonderful man, who died with nary a detractor to his name, I sought his complete story and I found this one to be merely an appetizer a dozen years short of the whole.  But as such, it sets the stage for further reading . . . and surfing the Net. (I had forgotten that Niven was famously "streaked" at the 1974 Oscars while introducing Elizabeth Taylor, for example.)  Research this man any way you can, but don't miss out on the enchantment of his character and a life well lived.
I personally enjoy any of the works of Joseph Murphy. He really makes things so simple. It takes very little time to assimilate the information provided and start working on the self to be able to help others. I highly recommend this book by Joseph Murphy.
This is the book to have on the C language. A great reference and a great read. This book has been very influential in the field of technical books, often imitated. I recommend it to beginners to advanced programmers.
I always maintained that the stories told about El-ahrairah in  &quot;Watership Down&quot; could stand on their own, even though they  obviously related to what was happening or about to happen in the novel.  This collection of short stories amply evidences the point and Adams  explores a wider variety of tales than he did in his classic novel.  However, I have to admit that this book also underscores how well those  original stories fit into the plot of &quot;Watership Down.&quot;This  collection is a pleasant return to the world of Watership Down.  My advice  is to read one a day.  You do not want to sit down and go through all of  them at once.  You want to savor each one.  We are lucky to be allowed back  into this world, let's not make gluttons of ourselves.Of course I had  to go back and reread my favorite parts of the novel.  You really have to  think of this book as dessert.  Adams could not return to the lives of  Hazel, Fiver, Bigwig and the others without dispelling the magical charm of  his original effort.  Certainly none of us would want that and he is smart  enough not to make the effort.I am serious about the dessert metaphor.  This is not &quot;The Hobbit,&quot; and it should not serve as an  introduction to the novel.  It is to be enjoyed after the novel.  This is  important and you should not violate this rule in passing on your love of  &quot;Watership Down&quot; to others.
This story is detailed and compelling. It is a tale of science being taken too far, a cautionary tale, to be sure. A good read.
I found this to be a simply delightful read. It was easy to comprehend and get through. Whoever thought that Pooh might one day come back and enlighten me as much as he entertained me as a kid growing up.
Don't make the size of the book fools you, it's one of the best written books about Interviews and there questions.It doesn't matter where you are or what you do, it's always those annoying questions you face, you will really be surprised when attending interviews how is this process is easy after reading that book.With multiple answers it will boost your interview IQ and make you reach the perfect answer.Well done and thanks a million for the writer.
Jack, a 15 year old boy, is the narrator and one of the main characters of the book. He allows us to see the events from his perspective, which most of the time is a neutral one. He, his two sisters &#8211; Julie and Sue &#8211; and his younger brother, Tom, have just lost their father, whose death, however, didn&#8217;t impress them much. After a short time their mother dies as well, leaving them without any relatives, with a big house in an almost deserted place and with the responsibility of taking care of each other. Instead of announcing someone about the tragedy, the siblings decide to bury their mother in the cellar, in cement, in order to avoid being separated by the authorities. From then on, their lives become pointless and, without any guidance, they try to seek comfort in the strangest things: Tom pretends to be a girl, Sue retreats inside herself and in the universe of books, and Julie and Jack begin to feel attracted to each other, not thinking once that this kind of attraction might be forbidden. Trying to recreate the feeling of belonging to a family, they begin to avoid the outside world and even the memories of their life before their parents&#8217; death. Because they refuse to acknowledge the death of the only person they depended on, not even talking about their mother or remembering her words and advice, they feel like everything they do is natural. Deep inside they would all like to be someone else, to live in a different place and to be taken care of. The freedom and the total lack of rules and morals gradually lose their beauty and the four children find themselves craving for attention, love and understanding, which degenerates into despair and an incestuous relationship.The Cement Garden is a psychological novel which shows us a glimpse of what a child&#8217;s mind might become when being forced to deal with death, living with a corpse in the cellar and taking care of natural everyday needs. The reader&#8217;s perspective is very much restrained because Jack only talks about his feelings and thoughts, even then being neutral. We cannot but guess what happens inside Tom&#8217;s mind, who wears dresses, plays with his friend pretending to be Julie and at the end regresses to the stage when he wants to act just like a baby. We can only presume that maybe Sue is the most mature one and her addiction to books is the least harmful, but again, she keeps writing to her mother in her diary and Jack never tells us what her feelings might be. Julie tries to act like a woman and we cannot know for sure when she exactly began to consider her brother or for what reason. What keeps them together is the secret, the corpse buried in cement in their basement and the fact that no one could ever understand their decision.What is very interesting about McEwan&#8217;s writing is how he succeeds in expressing the most embarrassing and terrifying things in simple words, which are enough to give the reader a clear image of the events. He also maintains a feeling of mystery and timelessness because, as we go through the story, we have the impression that nothing really moves, that the characters are trapped. However, the fact that he leaves us enough freedom to imagine what the other three main characters feel and think can have a disadvantage. Sometimes they lack credibility and their actions don&#8217;t seem well motivated. At the end, the reader might have the impression of something unfinished.Ian McEwan&#8217;s work might not be something anyone would enjoy and praise but sometimes it can be useful to see the other perspective as well, the one that doesn&#8217;t always show us beautiful people and noble feelings. The novel was also adapted into a film in 1993, which successfully rendered the atmosphere and the tension between the four children.
I found this to be incredibly helpful in dealing with strong, needy personalities that I encounter. In fact, I found it so like an instructional (how-to) text, I highlighted in it!Many people are difficult sometimes or often -- including each one of us -- but Bernstein writes that his "emotional vampires" are people who see the world differently. "Their perceptions are distorted by their cravings for immature and unattainable goals. They want everybody's complete and exclusive attention. ... Emotional Vampires are inordinantly threatened by common adult experiences, including boredom, uncertainty, accountability, and having to give as well as receive" (p. 4). He bases his categorizations of emotional vampires on personality disorders as defined by the American Psychiatric Association, but states that the people who give us trouble, or the types he addresses in this book, aren't likely to be that seriously dysfunctional.After a few introductory chapters helping to set the stage (and firmly establish his vampire metaphor), Bernstein dedicates a chapter to each type of vampire. The introductory chapters outline how "vampires" are different from other people, how they are "made" and how their sucking black holes of emotional needs will suck the life out of  anyone who doesn't know how to defend him or herself. Bernstein repeatedly makes the point that life is lonely for vampires: For them, the world comprises only their needs, nothing else.Regarding this last point, Bernstein emphasizes that to fight a vampire, or at least to protect oneself, individuals should NOT try to make vampires care about their feelings, or tell them they've been hurt by them. Bernstein's tips are entirely practical to ensure that the healthy person is not taken in by the need of the vampire, and can cope with him or her. He often focuses his scenarios and tips on a work environment, which I found very helpful.While he states that most types of vampires have common traits, he divides the vampires into Antisocial (Vampire Daredevils, Vampire Used Car Salesmen, Vampire Bullies); Histrionic (Vampires Who Ham It Up, Passive-Aggressive Vampires); Narcissistic (Vampires Who Are Legends in their Own Minds, Vampire Superstars); Obsessive-Compulsive (Vampire Perfectionists and Puritans) and Paranoid. All chapters outline common behaviors, include hypothetical scenarios, behavior checklists, and most important, REALLY HELPFUL TIPS on how to cope with these people without getting scarred for life! (Some of these tips included things like telling a bully you need time to think about something before answering a "throwdown" type question, and to stop explaining yourself or your decisions to bullies, who only use your rationals as points of vulnerability or weakness.)Throughout the book, Bernstein stresses that while one may be interested in how someone becamse a vampire, that is not necessary knowledge to develop the skills to defend oneself. He also says repeatedly that trying to change vampires is nearly impossible. The goal of his tips and instruction is to protect the reader from the harm that may come to them psychologically or organizationally from individuals whose own emotional needs overpower any other human and social instinct they have in dealing with others.I have found this book to be extremely helpful in dealing with difficult people in a polite but self-protecting manner. I highly recommend this book if you have an emotional vampire in your life!-----Bernstein, A.J. (2001). Emotional vampires: Dealing with people who drain you dry. New York: McGraw Hill.
"Get Big Fast" is the story of Amazon.com's inception and rise to e-commerce supremacy, as told by business reporter Robert Spector. This book seems to be intended for students of business or perhaps budding entrepreneurs. It offers very little analysis, but Spector gives us the facts -or at least some of them- of how the Internet's first store came to be its biggest. This is a Who did What When and Why of Amazon's first five and a half years, 1994-2000. The story starts before that, though. The first three chapters follow Amazon founder and president Jeff Bezos from his youth in Texas, through a successful career in the vicinity of Wall Street, to Seattle, where Amazon would be born. The remaining eight chapters trace Amazon's growth from the Bezos' garage, to makeshift offices and crowded warehouses, to Amazon's current residence in the lovely PacMed Tower, from 4 employees to 7600 on three continents. There is a list of "Takeaways" at the end of each chapter, which reiterate the chapter's major points and Amazon's strategy during that time. Since Jeff Bezos, et al created new technology as they were building a multi-billion dollar business, "Get Big Fast" discusses the creation of Amazon's web site and it's features, in addition to logistics, finances, and personalities. Since I spend a lot of time on this web site, I would have liked a more in-depth history of its features, but given that Robert Spector is a business writer and not a software developer, his slant is understandable. More analysis of Amazon's decisions in the context of retail sales would also have been welcome. But the fact that Amazon was a pioneer business model that many hailed as proof positive of the New Economy does make comparisons to other businesses tricky. As I write this, Amazon.com is nearly twice as old as when Robert Spector wrote his book. But much less has changed in the interim years than in the first five. "Get Big Fast" is a solid primer on Amazon.com's inception and growth, and therefore a foundational piece of e-commerce history.
I am not a fan of President Bill Clinton, but to read his life and how he started from nothing to be President in the Oval Office shows that every American can fulfill your dreams if you dream big. President Clinton shares valuable insight into his life from childhood to his political years. Every time I walked into a bookstore I would pick up and book and look through it. I finally decide to give it a read, and I found out that I could not lay it down.My biggest qualm with President Clinton is his wishy washy stand on life. You cannot believe to be pro-life, but believe to be pro-choice at the same time. It makes no sense. I am a Roman Catholic who is 100% PRO LIFE and I make no apologies. Life needs to be protected from conception to natural death. The respect for life has been lost since Roe vs. Wade.President Clinton did accomplish wonderful things during his presidency, and sad to say he did better things for the American people than some of our Republicans in Washington.I am glad I took the time to read this book. We hear a lot of jokes with his infidelity, and he admits his wrong and hurtful actions. But did Jesus not say, "He that is with out sin cast the first stone?"We are use to hearing the term, "Slick Willie." But I believe that Bill Clinton honestly opened his mind and heart to the American people and told his story, and I am glad to have a better insight into his life. Being the President of the greatest country of the world is no easy job.
Excellent book which  is hard to believe had not been read years ago.  The development of  a young man who had neither parent to help him through difficult times made this an interesting and enjoyable book. The author made one feel as if Philip, the main character was a friend who is being missed..
The second installment of the Mitford books is refreshing yet thought provoking.  It picks up where the first book ended, with Father Tim struggling with his relationships with Dooley and Cynthia, while trying to meet all the various needs of his congregation at the same time.  I found Father Tim's anguish in trying to reach beyond his fears and deepen his romance with Cynthia realistic and probing.  Their love letters to each other reflect great courage on both their parts.  Dooley continues to exasperate and delight Father Tim as their trust in each other grows.  Reading this book is like going on a vacation...you want to savor every minute but can't wait to see what happens next!
Michael Dalton Johnson's Rules of the Hunt is a hard book to characterize; it's not a detailed step-by-step tutorial, nor is it an "instant transformation," overly-enthusiastic, "You can do it!" type of book.Rather, it's a series of concise, practical reflections based on the author's experiences and reading. It inspires by making suggestions and helping readers make connections between ideas and their actions the next day.Rules of the Hunt's value comes from its credibility and its author's concise, conversational writing style.Rules of the Hunt is organized into 10 chapters addressing topics of concern to business owners, such as Leadership, Relationships, Working Smarter, Gaining Advantages, or Avoiding Pitfalls.Each chapter begins with a short, conversational introduction, followed by dozens of ideas, suggestions, and tips. These range in length between 3 sentences and 1 or 2 pages. Most topics are covered in less than 3 paragraphs.One of the best parts of the book is the Directory of Rules at the end, which makes it easy to review the topics covered in each chapter as well as go back to specific pages to review the topic. There's also space to annotate the index with your impressions of each topic.I found Chapter 8, Gaining Advantages, to be the most useful chapter because it relates to one of the themes that resonates throughout Rules of the Hunt; that success is often based on numerous small advantages, rather than "silver bullet" breakthroughs that instantly change everything.If you're tired of business books that promise instant success based on a single idea, you'll appreciate not only the ideas in Rules of the Hunt, but also its credible, realistic approach business success, one idea at a time. This is a conversational book by an author you wouldn't mind sitting next to on your next transcontinental flight.
This book helped me gain some understanding of China's cultural revolution. The writer tenaciously held onto her beliefs and suffered when most others would have given in.  I admire her spirit and her beliefs. The only negative is that there is, to me, a remoteness in her writing style that borders on aloofness. However, this may be the character trait that she needed to survive the horrors of six years of imprisonment.
Having read many of Steinbeck's novels, I went into this one knowing what to expect, and I was not disappointed. In some ways this book reminded me very much of Tortilla Flats, in that it's largely about poor people who make the best out of their situations. In other ways it reminded me of The Grapes of Wrath, in that there was a lot of thinly-veiled social criticism, but the socialism themes weren't overwhelming. The one thing I found to stand out more in this novel over the other two was the fact that Steinbeck's humor really had a chance to come out in this one. His humor reminds me of, perhaps, the sort of humor one might expect from a grandfather. The book really focuses in on simple living, and the ability to find contentment without wealth. I would reccommend it to anyone.
A writer, through an odd phone call, investigates a possible future murder, meets doubles, investigates the origins of language and the tower of Babel, and meets an eccentric  former language professor who may or may not be the future killer. A surreal tour through NYC, with jigsaw puzzle maps that may simply be this fledging detective's imagination, Oh, and the detective becomes "Paul Auster" too. Empty high rise apartments, and clues to nowhere infiltrate the scene until Auster (original name "Quinn") has a serious identity crisis...Good stuff that would make a mesmorizing movie!!
I sped through this book, carrying it around the house as I fixed snacks.  It was such a touching book, it seemed glued to my hands until I finished it.  I loved the characters - they were all so perfectly human, that is, they were all flawed.  My heart just went out to Christopher's dad, and then eventually, his mother as well.  Definitely a Must-read book!
Like the listing and use of word lists anything that will cue my mind for a good ad copy. I write lots of copy and this helps
Not complete but is more detailed then the Schaums outline on Signals and Systems. This one presumes you know less or have less of a mathmatical background.
I hold a degree in Victorian literature and am drawn to any book of or about the period. "The Crimson Petal and the White," "The Dress Lodger," and "The Quincunx" are but three of my favorites.  Lengthy, complex, well-written and conceived, I highly recommend "The Quincunx."
The principal story line of this novel is as improbable as a summer snowflake. Its unlikely concatenation of events is at times so bizarre and unexpected that one might suspect its author of attempting to birth a new  genre: coincidental science fiction. There is a Keystone Kops quality to  the behavior of most of the characters involved. They zoom about wildly,  make implausible decisions, and generally bump about and into one another  with such abandon that they soon begin to resemble slightly sub-human crash  cars in some monstrously manipulated demolition derby. Nearly everyone here  is two-dimensional at best, a kind of slapstick army of cardboard manikins  which are pretty in the frontal view but only an eighth of an inch thick  when viewed from any angle. Nearly every one of them is as unattractive as  a Kansas twister on that longed-for picnic day. Eek! A hundred pages into  the narrative, the reader might begin to despair of ever encountering  anyone in this book whose personal waters are anything deeper than those of  a child's poorly-filled wading pool. And yet...that's the point! In  &quot;East is East&quot; T. Coraghessan Boyle has painted a devastating  portrait of people whose humanity is thinner and more slippery than a sheet  of greased plastic wrap. Some of them are meaner than the proverbial  rattler left intentionally in a waiting baby carriage, chessycat grins  stretched across their faces like pretty ribbons on packages containing  time bombs, lethal poisons, viral strains. This novel is clever. It makes  scathing denunciations of just abot everyone immured within its pages, made  of pure asbestos to contain the firey topics inside. For such a light and  farcical book, it offers any number of serious subjects for reflection. But  most of all it is entertaining as all get-out, a jolting ride on a  particularly malevolent roller coaster. How can you not read it?
The end of a marriage...set in Pittsburgh, PA in the winter.  Two depressing things and yet....somehow this worked for me.  I'm from Johnstown, PA and have been to Pittsburgh countless times so if you are a native this book is wonderful for that reason but not that reason alone.  The end of a marriage, (having been through it myself) is difficult. Often it is hard to let go.  In this book,  Evvie and Ben are not on the same page with regards to their marriage ending.  Evvie wants to hang on....this makes things interesting.  This book is so believable I thought I could call Evvie and talk to her....or at least warn Ben.  Great characterization here and great writing too!
This book was interesting in how the mystery was spun out by living in another persons head for a while.  I would like to have a classroom set of this book because it would be educational as far as being intrigued and appreciative of the different kinds of thinking, The math in the book was fun to see how it was used to calmed the main character Christopher.  It was fun to see how confusing facial expressions could be to Christopher also.It's fun when a book takes you to a different time or place, but this time it took me to a different brain and it was a nice journey.
After Richard Anobile's double-crossing, yet intimate exposure of the inner thoughts of the Marx family, it was well established that Chico was not going to be poster boy for responsible husband of the year.  The fleshing out of who Chico really was fell to his only acknowledged child, daughter Maxine.  First off, this is essential reading for any true student of the brothers and the evolution of their comedic essence.  Chico was a heart melter, even unto his family who he consistently let down.  Chico worked the system, and usually, all involved were left feeling well off in his glow, at least until the ugly truth followed.  Maxine held back little in her description of Chico and Betty Marx's household.  Furthermore, she let's go on each of the brothers, being kindest to Gummo.  Even Harpo gets stung, something which rarely, if ever happens in other accounts.  Groucho gets the worst criticism.  In each case, it certainly seems justified.Maxine, like most child of ruined marriages, tries to sort out blame, wants to repair the home, and reconcile the events.  The editing isn't as good as it might be.  We wander off into her near first sexual encounter in the bedroom of Ray Milland, and a few brief attempts to land acting roles.  Maxine carved out a life and a family for herself, but the Chico story remains what we want to read about.  I think it might be difficult to bring in hard facts as Chico was totally unaccountable to anyone.  Groucho claimed that when Bugsy Siegel was shot, he had a bad check from Chico in his wallet, but while this is note mentioned in this book, Chico's dodging organized crime debts is mentioned.  A great many of these little stories have been read before, but I give Maxine credit for making her father accountable in public.  Chico was a mathematical genius, a brilliant comedian, a masterful pianist with his own characteristic style.  The facts show that he squandered 90% of his genius and 100% of his fortune.  While we will always love him for what he gave us, many others suffered or what he stole from those invested in his life.I recommend "Growing up with Chico", if only to help students of the brothers, the comedy, the films, and artistry, better know what living offstage was like.  Four stars, well earned.
che bel libro, amici miei! un &quot;deserto dei tartari&quot; senza piet&agrave; per la stoltezza degli umani, ma anche un'infinita malinconia. quella delle tracce sulla neve, quella dello sguardo perso della ragazza resa cieca dalle torture, quella delle tavolette con una lingua che nessuno intender&agrave; mai... l'incontro tra lo svuotato governatore del villaggio di confine e la donna cieca &egrave; qualcosa che ci accompagner&agrave; per sempre. davvero, ci chiediamo &quot;chi &egrave; che vede?&quot; colui che pu&ograve; gettare lo aguardo intorno a s&egrave; rimanendo senza risposte, o colei che muta goffa e sgraziata possiede quelle tre quattro idee su come sopravvivere? davvero barbari questi civili, davvero ciechi questi vedenti, davvero folle questa macchina militare priva di senso. la cosa pi&ugrave; oscura, pesante, silenzioamente dolorosa del libro &egrave; il frequente riemergere del dubbio: cosa &egrave; stato fatto alla ragazza? neanche l'essere rinchiuso nella stessa sala della tortura aiuter&agrave; il governatore a capire...o meglio lo aiuter&agrave; a capire che non capir&agrave; mai. lo so che queste righe non aiutano a capire la storia del libro, ma questo non &egrave; un libro fatto di storie: &egrave; un viaggio al termine della speranza.
Luther and Nora Krank have seen it all happen too many times before: the ridiculous frenzy and overblown ritual of celebrating Christmas. This year it is definitely going to change: the Kranks are going to skip Christmas. But as easy it was to enter a travel agency and book a Caribbean cruise on the luxurious Island Princess instead, so difficult it becomes to withstand the moral pressure their neighbours on Hemlock Street are putting on them to keep the Christmas spirit alive. But Luther is determined to go ahead with his crazy idea, no matter what it takes.With Skipping Christmas John Grisham is again trying out something completely different. Where he already diverted from his proven concept of legal thrillers to socially engaged drama with A Painted House, he now tries to expand his craft by writing a satirical novel. And a fine job he did, indeed. Skipping Christmas has turned out to be a well composed and warm fairytale that comes with quite some funny episodes. Don't expect anything as hilarious as the books of Terry Pratchett, to name but one, but for example Luther's quest to put a Frosty on his roof will sure cause some smiles.Nevertheless what did disturb me is the topic addressed in this book. The first part of the novel gives a frightening view on a society that has made the commercially driven rituals of Christmas into a religion on its own. While reading the book it becomes clear that in the world depicted by Grisham escaping the Christmas frenzy is almost impossible. I silently hope that this is more fiction than reality, but you never know for sure. The funny part is that the ending is in complete contrast to the tone that was set in the beginning of the book. Now I do wonder if this venomous twist was introduced with just a commercial purpose. If not then this makes Skipping Christmas a wonderful masterpiece of satire that in the end makes fun of itself.Actually, there are definitely two ways of reading this book: as a satire or as a Christmas carol. You decide. But your choice reveals a lot of who you are... beware!
I read this book after being told by a friend that I was similar to the Holden Caulfield character of the book. At that time I was struggling in high school and my parents were mad at me about my poor grades. This was the perfect book to read at that time.The book is narrated by a young failing student in a boarding school who runs off, stays in a creepy hotel with  a prostitution business, he gets drunk at a bar, roams the city, goes to a movie, and runs back to his parent's home. He has cool adventures and comments to the reader on his disenchantment with society. The book is a page turner. I couldn't put it down. I highly recommend it to anyone who was deemed intelligent by their parents but struggled in school.
I've read many social media books, and this is one of the only ones that cuts through the hype. It views social media through the existing advertising and marketing landscape and gives reasons why companies should--and shouldn't--use it. A great overview of a constantly evolving landscape.My ONLY quarrel is with the title. It *is* about using new and emerging media to grow your business, but "How to Make Money with Social Media" sounds like a spammers' tagline on Twitter.
The world Jurassic was simply gibberish until Crichton touched it and brought new life to the concept of dinosaur fiction and biomedical technology.  The book and movie were mammoth in popularity when the novel and movie was first conceptualized over twenty years ago.  I remember asking for the book in the children's library around the corner from my house and I pronounced Crichton wrong and the strange word Jurassic correctly.  Everyone wanted to be a paleontologist when they grew up back in those days just because of the book and it really made both children and adults excited about reading as well as science and technology.  Crichton, was an MD and created the show E.R. also, this is a great example for writers and scientists alike because Crichton tried to maximize his potential.  My favorite part of the book was when they first arrived on the remote island and they were describing the mysterious and suspenseful premise of how the dinosaurs were created from ancient DNA found inside a mosquito that had bitten a dinosaur and from the bones of dinosaur fossils.  The most exciting and exhilarating part of the movie was when they finally escaped in the end but the heart skips a beat when you realize that some flying dinosaurs escaped the island as well!  The DNA technology used in the book is technically possible through cloning techniques.
Fast paced and well plotted, hard to put down. Ruth Rendell with her Wexford series I look foward to more
Good Hemingway. A remarkable illustration of his artistry a writer. I would recommend this for the serious Hemingway teacher or student.
If you've been sniffing around trading strategies and come across Trend Following then this is the bible to take you to the next level. I've been a trend follower for 26-years and I disagree with some of the weaker reviews. The core information is between the lines. The Market Wizards series is exactly the same - jam pcked full of useful information and lessons. Truly understanding what is being presented is where the light comes on. It is hard to argue with the examples in this book that span 30-years. It's true commitment above and beyond what many others achieve. After the events of 2008 the risk adjusted returns of these traders exceeds almost all mutual fund managers around the world so I'm at a loss why some discard these lessons. Yes, Covel is passionate but so he should be. He 'gets it'. He knows this stuff is valuable and he wants you to know. The worst you can do is at least put it to the test for yourself and if no joy, then by all means discard. But without a reasonable basis of proof you'd be crazy to pass over it.Nick RadgeUnholy Grails - A New Road to Wealth
The book is very good. It covers a lot of content, being a great source for people who want to learn about game design but doesn't know where to start. A lot of the content may also be used on others areas like project management and product design in general
another great one in this series.  I enjoyed every minute!  Didn't want to put it down and couldn't wait for number eleven.
I've always thought to myself that when I'm getting close to death and I look back on my life, there's one thing I'll want.  At this point, I don't particularly care about money, or love, or having kids or anything like that.  But when I die, I want to look back on what I did throughout life, and think: Holy cow.  My life was so INTERESTING!When Bruce Chatwin died in '88, there is no doubt that he fulfilled that same goal.  His life was undeniably fascinating, and this book is snippets of it.  35 stories, each concerning different people or places, and all of them are riveting.Chatwin covered an incredible amount of ground throughout his life, and the book gives one a minor snapshot of some of those places.  It feels like someone were interviewing him about his life, and just asked the broad question: So, what were your favorite experiences?I lacked the necessary background in art history to fully appreciate a lot of his stories (he being an art connoisseur), but even with little to no knowledge of such things, Chatwin's book was fascinating; he makes you care about what he cares about, whether you did before or not.When I finished the book, I put it down and immediately wanted another one just like it.  Undoubtedly Chatwin had more stories to tell, but the general public will have to be satisfied with his own self-selected highlights from a fascinating life.I really can't recommend this book highly enough, especially for people who like to travel, or particularly like art or history.
Scum of the Earth by Arthur Koestler is an account of Koestler&#8217;s internment in various French prisons and concentration camps prior to the outbreak of World War II.The scum of the earth in the title refers to those extreme leftist intellectuals, Spanish Republican soldiers, communists and socialists who were incarcerated by the Free French government. Koestler investigates that odd premise that the French government should arrest staunch anti-fascists as France begins a fight for survival with Nazi Germany.By the books end, the scum of the earth appears to transform to certain sectors of French society who all too eagerly embraced Petain&#8217;s Vichy government and collaborated with the Germans; the latent antisemitism and fascistic tendencies of post-World War One France are revealed as the guiding force behind Koestler&#8217;s incarceration.
Pa Ingalls is tired of how crowded the big woods are getting.  So he decides to sell the house and move west with his family.  Just before the ice breaks, the family loads up their wagon and heads out.  They cross the Mississippi River and then head south, settling two days away from Independence, Missouri.  Now they have to build a new house and survive the wilderness.  Meanwhile, Laura is anxious to see a papoose.  And with all the Indians in the area, she may get her chance.This is a charming book.  It's almost a collection of short stories with many chapters being a self-contained event.  Still, through these pages, we get a good picture of life on the American frontier 130 years ago.  The book gives plenty of detail about their everyday life without getting bogged down.  And it is interesting.  Frankly, some of the chapters are so harrowing I felt my pulse quicken.  Often I found myself shaking my head in awe at what the Ingalls dealt with on a daily basis.  This is a good way to make anyone appreciate just what we have today.These books are still popular 70 years after they were first written for good reason.  They are an entertaining and enlightening look at a bygone era.
This book provides a introduction to basic bacteriology. The book is organized into 7 chapters, including an introduction, a historic perspective on the foundations of microbiology, antibiotics, bacteria in human history and culture, the emergence of modern molecular biology, microbial diversity and ecology, and bacterial fuels, foods and industrial applications.I find this book to be refreshingly informal, yet it stays scientific and does not insult your intelligence. As written by someone with a PhD in microbiology, it leans a bit towards "microbes are not bad, they are goood", but when time comes to put money on the table, the author stays true to fact and doesn't ramble too much. The historic perspective is hugely entertaining, but the last chapter (and somewhere in between as well) comes a bit heavy handed on the (potential) use of bacteria to replenish oil and provide food (again, bugs are "gooood").With these minor negatives, I really recommend this book, particularly for those with a scientific inclination but never had a microbiology of bacteriology class (like me), or the senior in high school who thinks about science. The best compliment I can offer is that it has made me take a microbiology coursebook and go through it. An excellent introduction.
I hope it will inspire my granddaughter to learn more geographical facts than normally taught in class. It is a book of definitions of geographic terms such as Atoll, Badlands,Headwater, Highlands, Mountain Range,etc. and beautifully illustrated with pictures. I sneeked a peek and enjoyed the mini education I got.
I think that many businesses and bosses could be so much further ahead if they read The Enthusiastic Employee by David Sirota, Louis A. Mischkind, and Michael Irwin Meltzer (Wharton School Publishing).Chapter List:Part 1 - Worker Motivation, Morale, and Performance: What Workers Want - The Big Picture; Employee Enthusiasm and Business SuccessPart 2 - Enthusiastic Workforces, Motivated by Fair Treatment: Job Security; Compensation; RespectPart 3 - Enthusiastic Workforces, Motivated by Achievement: Organization Purpose and Principles; Job Enablement; Job Challenge; Feedback, Recognition, and RewardPart 4 - Enthusiastic Workforces, Motivated by Camaraderie: TeamworkPart 5 - Bringing It All Together: The Total Organization Culture - and How to Change It: The Partnership Organization; Translating Partnership Theory into Partnership PracticePart 6 - Appendices: Survey Administration and Population Composition; Reliability and Validity of the Data; Job Satisfaction: Demographic, Occupational, and Regional Breaks; Comparisons with Other Norms; The Readiness Questionnaire; Endnotes; IndexThe authors have done a number of surveys of employees to get a idea of how 1) employees feel about their current jobs, and 2) what they'd like to see from their companies and management.  These findings are presented to the reader (which *should* be in management) to help them understand how their staff really thinks and works.  The conclusion is that companies can profit handsomely by understanding what their employees want and making sure they get it.  And it's not always just money.  It can be a sense of teamwork, a vested interest in making sure the company is successful, or even just the challenge of being given a difficult job along with the authority to do what's necessary to pull it off.  While not every employee is the same or is motivated by the same ideals or benefits, a company that follows the findings in this book and implement changes will find turnover plunging and job satisfaction going up to unknown levels.Definitely worth reading if you run a company or have staff that report to you...
Charles Dickens' Christmas Carol is read annually along with any and all movie versions. The tale is so simple yet so full of detail. Scrooge is every man who lets life get him down until something changes the status  quo. The use of spirits to guide a person to a better path in life is so in  tune with the 1990s where everyone is searching for miracles whether they  involve spirits or angels or whatever. A true classic that has withstood  the test of time and will continue to delight for generations to come.
This is the second time I read this book. First time in the 80`s.  With more takeaways life experience behind me it's even more relevant today for me than it was then.
I just finished reading this book in one sitting, and I must say that I absolutely loved it. I was expecting for a tearjerker, and although I didn't exactly shed any tears, it was good all the same. I was truly moved by this well written novel and was able to connect emotionally with the main character Eliezer. Through this novel, Elie Wiesel greatly depicted the ideas of discrimination, god, silence, and brutality amongst men with great intensity.This book does more than tell a story it teaches and warns us about the evil that lurks among us. Hatred is a monster none of us can afford to feed, but there are those who do. Oppression continues to this day. Stories of horror continue to write themselves and most of us, too many of us, do nothing about it. I've learned from this book that silence is a deadly weapon easily welded and often used. I hope and I think it's the author's hope that we disarm that weapon and speak out. Do something...even if it's recommending this book to a friend as I do to you. Read this book.
I remember reading this book MANY years ago. It is the definitive source for food and arthiritis, in my opinion. I bought 3 copies at $2.99 ea. and gave them to family and co-workers. Still a gem after all these years! The truth never goes out of style!
Its been over 30 years since _Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee_ was first published, yet it remains an authority on the history of the American West.Written from the Native People's perspective, Brown meticulously documents the conflicts and issues that eventually resulted in the forced settlement of Natives on reservations between 1860 and 1890.  In exploring the complexities of the issues, Brown does not fall into the trap of villifying "the white man" while "enobling" the Natives - while sympathetic to the Natives, punches are not pulled regarding actions by either side.  The history is much more complicated than a littany of broken promises and broken treaties.  The stories of such varied peoples as the Navajo, Apache, Ute, Cheyenne and Sioux, Kiowa and Puna have similar features in the conflicts these nations had with whites; yet the inter-generational conflicts within tribes and the unique circumstances between the federal government and Natives are also explored in detail.  The only criticism I have is its lack of maps to give readers a clearer idea of the areas discussed in detail in the text of the book._Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee_ is an outstanding history that addresses many misconcpetions Americans have about the settlement of the West, while also serving as a reminder of the unpleasant nature and the costs involved in "winning the West."
This huge book was first published in 1949.  The author, Sir Fitzroy Maclean, was a British Diplomat who was determined to visit Samarkand, in spite of Soviet attempts to keep foreigners out of Central Asia.  Above all, Mclean was a great story-teller, describing purge trials in Moscow, the Balkan War, adventures in Persia, Cairo, etc.  562 pages, indexed.
Catcher in the Rye is a great book that is accessible to junior high level students who are ready to read something of substance. It's not a hard read and really can help the reader think. It's a great book for anyone to read because of its message but I think junior high and younger high school kids can really identify with Holden and can help them figure things out when they're trying to make sense of where they fit in and what they want to do and be.A sidenote for those interested, check out a song called "Holden Caufield" by Piebald
I attended a planning session at a Fortune 500 company that used the premise of this book to take us into reality.  The concept is solid marketing and echoes the corporate or, perhaps, venture business axiom that  &quot;we really loved this project when it was a dream!&quot;  And, who  doesn't?  This book gives us all practical knowledge about how to take our  businesses from that small, little known phase of early adopters and get on  the mainstream engine by crossing the chasm between those of us who are  destined to remain a small business to one in which we really grow and  proper and make our dream a reality in the mainstream
Gorgeous illustrations and a truly beautiful story make this book a rare treasure in Children's literature. A valuable addition to the book collection of Buddhist parented children. Explains the process of death and rebirth/reincarnation in a gentle and interesting way. Not weird at all and so suitable for children of non-Buddhist background as well as it provides an valuable insight as to how Buddhism/other belief systems explain death and the afterlife.
The world of business can be a doggie dog world. No matter if you are in the public or private sector organizations are compose of a wide dynamic range of people that make them up. In Emotional Vampires at Work: Dealing with Bosses and Coworkers who Drain you Dry by Albert J. Bernstein he gives you insight into the different types so that not only you can swim the sharks but avoid falling in the water in the first place.He categorizes the type in these terms Antisocial, Histrionics,  Narcissists, Obsessive-Compulsives, and Paranoids.  Then he further break them down, all the while adding witty dialogue and case study examples.What I found fascinating is how I could relate to his descriptions, and even found a bit of each inside of me.  So as a sole practitioner I have to watch out for myself.Take out the garlic and get rid of those Debbie Downers and make work a better environment by being better equipped with the dynamics of office politics.
Mary Karr is hot -- as soon as I finished reading LIT, I bought Liars Club and wasn't disappointed. She's a poet. I love her work and I rejoiced to read her recent article about the significance of the 2009 year end in the New York Times last Sunday. It was as interesting as ever. She's capable of turning a phrase and teaching you something new.
This is a nice, compact (just under 300 pages) student reference guide for college level mathematics. It starts off with basic material like Exponential numbers, goes through Trig, Calculus, Linear Algebra, Vector Analysis, Diffential Equations up to Complex Analysis. For such a small book it's pretty comprehensive.It's a nice tool that should help you get the ideas quickly.
Few people have more credentials to speak about progress and challenges in human-computer interaction than M. Dertouzos - the head of the Laboratory of Computer Sciences at MIT, which has a distinguished record of cutting-edge research in this and other fields. And yet many arguments and predictions in the book remain somewhat unconvincing.&quot;Why computers aren't as easy to use as cars?&quot; - asks the author, like many other people before him, frustrated by their perpetual complexity and cumbersomeness. But comparison with cars is misleading. Cars are not designed to allow motorists to put under the hood any additional gadgets they fancy, or to perform arbitrary maneuvers, pushing every button and handle simultaneously. Yet the development of PC industry was based on accommodating ever more and newer gadgets under its cover, and on allowing almost any user's action, short of whacking a motherboard with a sledgehammer.  Of course, many flaws of computer systems are due to the industry's geeky origins and traditions, or specific biases of programmers and early users. But the roadmap described by the author is not the first serious attempt at radical improvement, and the goal it is hardly closer today than a few years ago. Why?This probably has a lot to do with the economics of the computer industry, rather than other, more subjective, factors. As much as both hardware and software companies try to convince us how hard are they working to improve usability of their products, to eliminate bugs and crashes, the dirty secret of the industry is that it is not a top priority. Quality simply does not pay. In the &quot;physical&quot; world we often buy new things just to replace broken, or worn-out ones, not necessarily because the older items are hopelessly obsolete. Manufacturers have time and resources to gradually work out the kinks and improve design almost to perfection. With computers, on the other hand, &quot;physical&quot; amortization is low, so the only way to sell new systems is to cram them with more new features, no matter how poorly designed at first, and to make existing ones (no matter how proven and reliable) obsolete and incompatible. Simply reducing the number of bugs will not generate many sales. As a new feature appears, buggy and frustrating to use at first, the economic machine of the computer industry kicks into high gear. Magazines write raving reviews to increase their own sales, add-on manufacturers rush to incorporate it and propagate it down the sales channels, application developers write new drivers and other utilities which make new feature indispensable and previous versions obsolete.As a result, today complex software is not unlike a human genome - a product of often messy and chaotic evolution, rather than a compact and elegant design. Pieces of active, useful code (&quot;genes&quot;) are surrounded by &quot;junk&quot;, leftover from previous generations of development, often redundant and useless. Why it is there? Because it is easier and cheaper to throw more hardware to crunch ever-bloating volumes of code and not to touch old rusting scrap, than to design and debug fast, efficient code. And it is not getting any better.On the other hand, despite all these intrinsic problems and flaws, many complaints against computers are quite unreasonable. For example, the story often goes, it is difficult to find that text file created two months ago, or where are those digital pictures from the last trip. But this supposedly unfavorable comparison with the &quot;real world&quot; does not hold. Consider, for example, the tree-like directory/subdirectory/file hierarchy, used in most operating systems. In fact it closely resembles a real-world storage system - file cabinet/shelf/file/document, only better. Why are we complaining? Because we have much higher expectations of computerized data storage, than of a traditional file cabinet. A file cabinet requires careful maintenance; if we treat it the same casual way we do computer files, it would be totally unusable in two weeks. Complaints against computers notwithstanding, it is far easier to find past notes and other files on a computer than in a &quot;physical&quot; world.The same with the gripes against Internet search engines, repeated in the book - a familiar story about a list of 10.000 irrelevant links in response to a search query. I think it is just a trite clich&eacute;. Frankly, it never failed for me to quickly find stuff even without following &quot;exact&quot; grammar rules recommended by engines. Besides, there is a good chance to discover surprises, interesting and useful information among those &quot;10.000 links&quot;. Of course, one could have a negative experience with web searches. In the &quot;real world&quot; a stupid or badly posed question is unlikely to produce a useful answer. Why do we expect a different result from a search engine? Moreover, search engines in the last few years was among the most competitive and dynamic technologies, where leaders changed almost every year - Yahoo, Altavista, HotBot, Northern Light, Google, each progressively offering better, faster, more complete results.The author touts XML and &quot;semantic web&quot; technologies as one of the &quot;saviors&quot; to untangle the computer industry mess. Again, I have serious doubts about this proposed magic bullet. The beauty of the first versions of HTML, when it appeared in early 90's, was its simplicity and universality. Any intelligent person could master it in half a day, and publish a decent-looking web page, which could be seen on PC, Mac or UNIX workstations anywhere in the world. This was truly revolutionary. The XML and &quot;semantic web&quot; at the first glance is just a natural extension along this road. But instead introduces another big layer of complexity, reduces the pool of programmers who can quickly master it, opens the door to innumerable new bugs and inefficiencies. If HTML opened a new chapter in computer history, XML and its companion technologies do not. It is filling the same chapter with comments and footnotes until the text becomes illegible.
A very clearly written book that describes and demonstrates the 6 ways of influencing people's behavior. His examples are ways people have influenced entire cultures for the good. It's exciting to imagine that with clear, measurable objective and a multi-faceted plan, a wide range of people can be influenced to make better choices in their day to day lives.
I just finished the 6th book in the series. I have read many romances but this one is the best by far and this story will stick with me forever. I love my husband but I still wish I had a Jamie...
Rarely do I laugh out loud while reading a book.  The last half of this book is absolutely hysterical - I was crying!  And I found the ending to be quite touching as well.  This book is a quick read with the easy flow of all Grisham novels.  But there's more to it than meets the eye - some great commentary on modern life.  Sure it's a bit exaggerated, but hello, this is a novel, not reality!  I strongly recommend this book.  One of the best books I've read in a while.
Fantastic read, the ending especially powerful. Reading the story through that particular point of view lends a voice to someone who is not lost. This book was absolutely breathtaking.
Read this with my 8 year old son over the summer. It kept his attention and was a great, classic story. I do think it would be helpful to have an adult read it with the child as some words might be confusing i.e. hydrophobia (rabies). I think most boys would enjoy this story.
Networking is the most important, and sometimes most difficult, aspect of the job hunt. Lucky for all of us, Liz Lynch has made it a little easier by offering a guide for job seekers, entrepreneurs and careerists with her terrific book, Smart Networking: Attract a Following In Person and Online.If you don't like networking, this book is for you! I thought Liz's analogy that networking is like exercise was perfect: "Some people love it, but for many, it's something they know they must do for good long-term health." If you are a reluctant networker or consider it unsavory, you'll want to read a book by someone who admits that she rarely speaks to people on airplanes! Liz allows for everyone's individual networking style and needs; she addresses all of them in her book.Liz notes the importance of thinking of networking as relationship building, not as transactions between people. She reminds readers that there are many great ways to network, and that one of the best ways to build your "networking gravity" - "the force that draws people automatically into your world with whom you have the greatest potential to build mutually beneficial relationships" is by introducing people to each other!I'm a big proponent of being a connector, someone who enjoys linking people together for their advantage. I love how Liz explains the importance of having a "long tail" online. Extending your reach via social networking broadens your circle of influence and allows you to consciously and generously add value to others by introducing them to contacts in your circle. By doing so, you open the door to untold numbers of opportunities.Not only does Liz offer great tips (such as: write notes on the back of YOUR business card when you hand it to someone), she also offers suggestions of networking plans customized to your own needs and preferences. She also reminds us that there is no "magic bullet."The bottom line - networking IS here to stay. The marketplace will continue to be competitive, and if you bury your head in the sand and try to avoid networking, you will lose out on a lot of opportunities. Liz closes her book with a quote by Jack Canfield, "When you lift others up, they will lift you up." This is so true. Being known as someone who helps and supports others, be it in the workplace or elsewhere, is a high honor and doorway to success.Give generously, don't keep score and follow Liz's tips and you may be surprised at the results!
fI have been working with QuickBooks for years.  It is easy to use for home or business and takes some of the challenges out of the bookkeeping process.  I love it.
The Rule of Four by authors Ian Caldwell and Dustin Thomason may not be one of the great thrillers of the year but compared to its most direct comptetion, The Da Vince Code, it scores an easy victory.  The historical academic puzzle portion of the novel is the richest part and is far less silly, from an historical point of view, than the Da Vinci riddles.  It may somewhat bore readers who do not want any history with their mystery but will definately hold other reader's interests.  The book does falter, though, in the contemporary story of the main characters personal live as so much of it is told slowly through flashback that little suspense is generated.  As a somewhat intelligent summer read, though, this mystery will be of interest.
While the general reader or Civil War buff might enjoy McPherson's popular &quot;Battle Cry of Freedom,&quot; this book in a first rate textbook on the Civil War. McPherson spends ample time exploring the causes of war: the disputes over slavery in the territories, the attempts at compromise, and finally the start of the war itself. His military analysis of various battles is suscinct but comprehensive: satisfying to the military history buff, but not confusing to the lay reader.Most importantly, McPherson incorporates a lengthy discussion of Reconstruction into the book (an element missing in &quot;Battle Cry of Freedom&quot;), thus describing the crucial aftermath of the war.
This book is well written in that is doesn't bore you with a bunch of facts, but tells a story on a very complex subject.  I found it an easy read, liked the sense of humor and practical advice.If you are looking for a book that helps to build a starting strategy, read this book.  It has a lot of starting point guidelines and talks about the way to approach trading.  What I liked about it is that it sets you up to make money because it reminds you that you are in the business of making money and that you should establish the appropriate boundaries so you don't loose your shirt.I think it is important for people starting out to have a couple of simple techniques or guardrails that keep you out of trouble while you learn.  I took away a couple of immediate techniques to preserve your wins and not always go for the big win.Good book if you are starting out, not sure the author is a serious trader or not, but he seems to like to communicate the things he has learned.
I am impressed by the writing style of the author.This book is not just a veteran diary as many others you may read, this is a real literary masterpiece. The ability of the author to analyze the human soul is incredible and moving. Many times you will stop reading and spend time and thoughts considering how true the considerations he made are. The tales are not told following a chronological pattern, but are more similar to a series of snapshots casually laid on a table, only at the end of the book you have a clear overall image, even though still not complete.Please read it because this book is magnificent.
I have read other 'The Rules of...' books by this author and had enjoyed and found them useful so I was not surprised that this one was very good also. While some parenting advice books come across as high and mighty, making parents feel as if they are doing everything wrong (even when they are not!) and not giving any real, practical ways to improve day to day life, this book does not. The 'rules' are mostly reminders of things most of us know and gives ways to put this advice into action rather than scolding us for mistakes. Most important (for me at least) it makes room for the different personalities of all parents and children.I very much enjoy this author. His books are down to earth advice that just about anyone can put into action.
..if you work in international development or are looking into international strategy. Prahalad is the first to provide a structured framework for addressing the poverty needs through the free market itself.
Don't get me wrong, I plan to love this book a lot more when I have a daughter of my own who will (hopefully) be as enchanted with the Little House series as I was and still am. I vividly remember all the scenes involving food in the books and how much rich detail Wilder put into each description. As a very young cooking enthusiast with a runaway imagination, I saw myself plucking chickens and running around in calico trying to find a place in the taffy pull.For these reasons, I practically grabbed the book from one of my eight-year-old students' hands when she showed her library copy of it to me.  I loved the pictures, the story excerpts, the idea that someone was dedicated enough to do the research and find out as much as she could about how the Wilders and the Ingallses created these unique and hearty meals.  It serves as a fantastic book to curl up with and picture yourself turning a spit or making a savory pie with blackbirds (erm..), but it doesn't inspire me to get off the couch and turn a spit, or rather, construct some kind of spit-like apparatus in my kitchen.Maybe farther down the road I'll have the room in my apartment and time in my life to devote the effort to this book that it deserves. It is a treasure to me, but you won't find its recipes on my table. I know for a fact, however, that if my mother had owned it when I was a little girl, we would have done all we could to make these authentic meals.If only Barbara M. Walker would put out a "Little House for the Little Apartment" cookbook companion.
Like many people I have loved poetry most of my life.  Even though I love all kinds of poetry, my favorite poetry form is the Japanese Haiku.  I love this collection because it contains poems from the most well-known and talented poets in history. When you compare the poetry in this beautiful collection with the so-called modern free verse junk they call poetry today, you will better understand the history of the poetry art form and learn what great poetry is all about.Whether you are a teacher or a student of poetry, this excellent collection should be part of your personal library.  These are the true masters poetry.  Most of these poems have passed the test of time with flying colors.  The selected prose section is also fantastic.  It contains the Declaration of Independence, the Gettysburg Address and other excellent historical prose.The following is just a sample of the authors in this great volume:  Elizabeth Barrett Browning, William Bryant, Robert Burns, Emily Dickinson, Ralph Waldo Emerson, Robert Frost, Patrick Henry, Oliver Wendell Holmes, Rudyard Kipling, Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, John Milton, Edgar Allan Poe, Carl Sandburg, William Shakespeare and numerous other famous poets.In conclusion, if you are a lover of poetry you already should have this volume in your collection.  If you have never read this volume, you need to get this book.Rating:  5 Stars.  Joseph J. Truncale (Author:  Haiku Moments: How to read, write and enjoy haiku)
This book was this author's last: because of that, it makes a lot more  sense to read it after you are familiar with a smattering of his other  works. I love Maugham and have since I first read 'Of Human Bondage' in  high school. This book is a wonderful end-of-life explanation of what he  thought of his work. How many authors would acclaim themselves among the  'first rank of the second best' or slander avant-guarde theater in praise  of production of plays that people wanted to see for storyline (outside of  smug cleverness...)This is a definate must-read for anyone who falls in  love with this author BUT I'd not make this the first book you read by him  in any way. I kind of feel as if without having read a ton of his other  books, I would have not looked at this one with such reverence.....
I have been teaching myself italian and this simple book really helps you learn to read and follow and comprehend  a story
This is a pretty good book for beginners.  It covers about everything you need to know, including trailers, tow vehicles, and boats.  the author has a great sense of humor, and uses it to tell the reader about the variety of stupid things he did, and the results.  It's not expensive, and works pretty well if you are trying to convince your spouse to get a boat!
Okay, this isn't the most intricate plot ever devised by John Grisham, but it works.  A law professor discovers three million dollars upon the death of his father, a judge known for his honesty and respect for the law.  Where did this money come from?  That is the mystery Professor Ray Atlee is trying to solve through this story.Meanwhile, his brother Forrest has been struggling with substance abuse all of this teenage and adult years.  Ray wants to keep the money away from him.  While he is trying to determine both where the money came from and decide what to do with it vis a vis the estate he had been named executor to, he is dodging a mysterious wave of intimidation.  Just when you think the problem is solved, a Curt Schilling curve ball gets thrown in there to completely confound the mess.It is an easy read, but hard to put down.  If you have the time, it would be a simple matter to get through in a matter of hours.  The most interesting character is a local Mississippi lawyer who is a friend to both the late-judge and to the professor.  He is the kind of warm, laid-back character you would expect in small-town Mississippi.  There is also the overly-greedy mass torts type that has given the entire profession a bad name.All in all, an enjoyable yarn that Grisham fans will enjoy.
Although both the parliamentary and royalist sides in the English Revolution, the major revolutionary event of the 17th century, quoted the Bible, particularly the newer English versions, for every purpose from an account of the Fall to the virtues of primitive communism that revolution cannot be properly understood except as a secular revolution. The first truly secular revolution of modern times. The late pre-eminent historian of the under classes of the English Revolution, Christopher Hill, has taken the myriad ideas, serious and zany, that surfaced during the period between 1640-60, the heart of the revolutionary period, and given us his take on some previously understudied and misunderstood notions that did not make the conventional history books.As been noted by more than one historian there is sometimes a disconnect between the ideas in the air at any particular time and the way those ideas get fought out in political struggle. In this case secular ideas, or what would have passed for such to us, like the questions of the divinity of the monarch, of social, political and economic redistribution and the nature of the new society (the second coming) were expressed in familiar religious terms.  That being the case there is no better guide to understanding the significance of the mass of biblically-driven literary articles and some secular documents produced in the period than Professor Hill. Here we meet up again, as we have in Hill's other numerous volumes of work, with the democratic oppositionists the Levelers; the Diggers, especially the thoughts of their leader Gerrard Winstanley, in many aspects the forerunner of a modern branch of communist thought; the Ranters, Seekers and Quakers who among them challenged every possible orthodox Christian theory and the usual cast of individual political and religious radicals like Samuel Fisher and, my personal favorite, Abiezer Coppe.In this expansively footnoted  book Mr. Hill, as he has elsewhere, connects the dramatic break up of traditional agrarian English society; the resulting vast increase of 'masterless' men not bound to traditional authority and  potentially receptive to new ideas; the widespread availability of the protestant  Bible brought about by the revolution in printing and thus permitting widespread distribution to the masses; the effects of the Protestant Reformation on individual responsibility; the discrediting of the theology of the divine right of kings and the concept of the man of blood exemplified by Charles I; the role of the priesthood of all believers that foreshadow a very modern concept of the validity of individual religious expression; radical interpretations of equality and primitive communism, particularly the work of Gerrard Winstanley ; the Puritan ethic and many more subjects of interests to bring to life what the common people who hitherto had barely entered the stage of history were thinking  and doing.As I have noted elsewhere a key to understanding that entry onto history's stage  and that underscores the widespread discussion of many of these trends is Cromwell's New Model Army where the plebian base, for a time anyway, had serious input into the direction that society might take. In many ways Professor Hill's book is a study of what happened when the, for lack of a better term, Thermodorian reaction- the ebb of the revolution set in and a portion of those 'masterless' men had to deal with the consequences of defeat for the plebian masses during the Protectorate and Restoration. I might also add that some of the ideas presented here seem very weird even for that time but some seem so advanced, especially in the case of Winstanley, that they put many a modern thinker to shame. Hell, in American society some of those Levelers and Diggers would be standing with us in the left wing of political society fighting today's royalists and reactionaries. Thanks, Professor Hill.
I had to read this book in high school and didn't really get it.  It was our book club book selection and I was amazed at how great it is.  Highly recommend another look for anyone who experienced what I did (still do not understand why this book would be good for high schoolers - oh well)
Joseph Conrad is my favorite novelist. His characters live and breathe and you don't just read about them, you keep company with them long after the book ends. You're not just reading a story, you are going on an adventure and after the last page is turned you have made a new friend. In this book especially you are brought up short about how Fate turns on the smallest detail and the knowledge that we must find something in life to sustain us other than getting what we want.
I love reading James Patterson books.  They read so fast. In fact, I didn't want this one to end.  It ended at about 90%of my kindle. I feel like these women are my friends.
An absolute winner . Murakami is one of my favorite writers ... This is a must read ..  Buy this book now !
Steve McDermott displays his gift of humor in this funny, yet serious, satire.  When put into practice, this book will prove useful indeed.  However, once one digs below the humorous presentation the reader will find little that hasn't been said elsewhere before.  McDermott offers simple common sense steps to self-improvement.
It is no mystery why this book is such a hit with people in the medical profession, and those close to them. It shows how being a doctor is a passion, a calling, one that requires dedication and sacrifice. I enjoyed this book, however, I thought 600+ pages was a bit much for such a lackluster payoff. Everything up until the end was so believable, I was wondering how autobiographical this was&#8230; and then it completely threw suspension of disbelief right out the window. All the information about Ethiopia and Eritrea was very interesting and informative, for example I had no idea where the term &#8220;Rastafari&#8221; originated before reading this book.
Hide My Eyes is one of Margery Allingham's later and darker Albert Campion mysteries.  If you liked Tiger in the Smoke, you will like this too. The settings and psychology are fascinating and believable.It is quite interesting to see how much Allingham's Campion mysteries, and the character of Campion, changed from the early books to the later.
Dr. Ross has written a grammar guide that goes through basic sentence construction in Mandarin Chinese in a clear and systematic way.  However, in an effort to be both accurate and exhaustive, the book occasionally gets bogged down in specialized grammar terminology such as "stative verb" and "aspectual suffix" that are sure to confuse younger learners of the language. As with most Schaum's outlines, the answers in the back of the book encourage self-study. Overall, a solid  resource for adult learners who want a more thorough survey of technical grammar.Nathan Dummittauthor ofChinese Through Tone & Color
If there is a problem with Backwards, it's that the book doesn't have a lot of heart. But it definitely has an adrenal gland. Rob Grant's book shoots Lister, Rimmer, the Cat and Kryten on an adventure through time, space, death, and reality that never, ever lets up. Just when they've evaded the police, or made it back to Red Dwarf, or escaped the deranged killer space robots, there's always a fleet of crazed mutants, a rogue computer virus, or an amorous hillbilly just around the corner. It's all insanely exciting stuff, but in the end you feel sorry for Lister & Co. By this point we're so emotionally invested in the space bum that it's sad to see him go through so much when all he wants to do is go home, which by this point is three million years and an alternate universe away.While BTL clumsily assembled preexisting plots piecemeal, Backwards, like the Red Dwarf masterpiece IWCD, uses the television show in service of its own story. Rob Grant is clearly the master plotter of the Grant Naylor duo, and from the looks of it, the better comedian. The occasionally clumsy sentences and painful jokes of the previous two novels are gone. Whether it's a car chase in a backwards universe, a Western showdown with a computer virus, or a spacewalk reminiscent of Ray Bradbury's "Kaleidoscope," Rob Grant is a visual storyteller. And given the corner he had to write himself out of after the end of BTL, it's astounding that he acquits himself so effortlessly.The book marks the appearance of "Ace" Rimmer, Rimmer's alternate self. Fans of the TV show know that their lives diverged due to a boyhood decision. We know the end result, but what about the little things that led the wet blanket to become the space adventurer? A grade school race from Rimmer's youth is told twice, once from either reality. These scenes bookend the novel, and they show how fundamentally the alternate Rimmer changed in relation to something as simple as running a track meet. It's a small touch, but an emotionally resonant one.Backwards is a turning point for Lister. With the realization that Red Dwarf is more of a home to him than Earth, and that its crew is the family he never knew, what's left for him to do? Maybe Lister has finally grown up. It's a daring move for Rob Grant to make. But, like the rest of the book, we're not given time to consider it before the crew is once again in the grips of another adventure. Consequently, though Grant stated that he wants to pen another Red Dwarf novel, Backwards is an ideal place to end the series. Lister has accepted his fate as the sole survivor of the human race, and he has fulfilled his lifelong dream by winning back Kochanski.  With the cliffhanger ending, it's the kind of conclusion that leaves just enough to the reader's imagination. You can picture Lister content to explore space with Red Dwarf with Rimmer, Kryten, the Cat, and Holly until the end of time or reality, whichever comes first.
This is a book that should be required reading in all colleges and universities.  This is the only book that I have EVER read twice due to the sheer volume of "new" knowledge I gained.  "The Financial Crisis and the Free Market Cure" is a gem that will be on my book shelf for future references...this is just how good of a book it is.  John Allison, a veteran of the banking industry, provides straight-forward diagnosis of our current financial failures while uncovering (exposing) the methods that we used to get in this condition.  John Allison, former BB&T; Corporation chairman and CEO, did not hold back any punches when he wrote this book.  The economic policies and institutions that were designed to keep our country financially sound are surgically sliced and diced by the skillful hands of Mr. John Allison.  This book also provides a lot of valuable historical insight that explains in great detail how missed diagnosis by the Government led to our current financial woes.This book will definitely raise a lot of eyebrows of some very influential people.  With the publication of this book, Mr. Allison's name has probably been crossed off many Christmas mailing lists.  His passion and strong desire for a healthy United States are evident throughout the book.  The chapters' titles and contents are scandalous.  Here's a small sampling:*  How the SEC Made Matters Worse*  Pick-a-Payment Mortgages:  A Toxic Product of FDIC Insurance Coverage*  How the United States Could Go BrokeThis is an outstanding book that will be well worth your time to read.
&#34;Of Human Bondage&#34; is that book I have been waiting for.  This is the reason I read all the time.  80% of books are ****.  17% of books are pretty good.  That leaves 3% for books like this.  It took me a month to read.  Not because it was too long or because I didn't like it.  It was because I did not want it to end.  I read it slowly.  I averaged one book per week last year and this book threw me all off.  I didn't want to plow through it.  Every time I picked it up and read a few pages I was so satisfied I had to stop and consider what it was I had just read.  So many passages in this book deserve to be highlighted that I highlighted none of it.  If I had, the book would be a mess.  I decided to leave it plain.  This is my new bible.  I finished and immediately began reading it again.  Ole W. Somerset said things I had felt my whole life but never put into words.  He explained it all.  I will read this book over and over and over.  We all struggle to be something other than slaves to money and this life.  In the end we fail and die.  Our plans don't mean a ****ing thing.  Amen W. Somerset.  Amen.
Always on the look out for the &#34;murder club&#34;.  Many important women's issues have been treated well in Patterson's books.
Excellent, well written story. She puts her sentences together in a way that is almost poetry. Wonderful read for lovers of any genre.
Granted, the first twenty pages are a little mystifying, but once past that, this was a riveting, emotional, fascinating read. Highest recommendations. I haven't cried at the end of a book since I was about thirteen, but this one got me, and not from any cheap shot, either. Just good, solid, emotional storytelling.
I really enjoyed the foray into Iceland's past, especially the Communist movement back in the 1950s. Another great book in the Detective Erlendur series. Several compelling stories, told from various points of view, that keep the reader guessing as to what the outcome will be and how Erlendur will finally crack the case. If you're a fan of Nordic fiction, I really recommend this series. You can read each book as a stand alone, but I think you should start at the beginning as there are on-going story arcs and little things along the way that really contribute to who these people are and enhance the reading experience.
If it is true, that Charles Palliser had been doing research for "The Quincunx" for twelve years, it was certainly worth it. The author is American, but mastered the British reality so well - no wonder that he lives and teaches in England  - this country must be his real realm.I was recommended this book after the discussion about "The Crimson Petal and the White" by Michel Faber, as a much better novel set in the 19th century in England. In fact, but for the setting, portrait of the society and remarkable length, these novels do not have too much in common."The Quincunx" is told in the greatest part (except beginning chapters in each book) by John Huffam, a boy, whose life in the country house with his mother turns from relatively comfortable, to poverty and humiliation, as an effect of many unpredictable events. Unpredictable mostly for the narrator, who discovers new mysterious plots and schemes as the story progresses, a little less for the reader, who is introduced to some information unknown to the main protagonist, and even to the certain extent unpredictable for all the other characters involved in the plotting, because of the competing plots of others.There are many surprising changes, as new documents, persons and connections are revealed. There are many smaller stories told by various people, found in letters and diaries, always revealing some new details or giving the new perspective of the events (in this respect, this novel reminds me of the other one, equally wordy but otherwise different in style, namely "The Sot-Weed Factor" by John Barth). All the details are beautiful and so accurate that the reader can easily imagine John wandering around London as he struggles to survive within the battle for his inheritance, mixing with all the social classes, the representatives of which are also wonderfully depicted.The novel is structured around the motif of quincunx (originally a pattern of five images with four in the corners and one in the middle, as "five" on the dice or on the dominoes): there are five families, one part devoted to each of them, which share the same motif of the coat of arms: a four-petaled rose, with differently colored petals and buds, which become crucial towards the end of the novel.Since there is not much more that can be said without revealing the plot, I would like to comment on some of the critical remarks (as you can guess, I am an absolute fan of this novel). First of all, some reviews mention dumb main character - considering that at the beginning of the novel the main protagonist, Johnnie, is a little boy and even at the end he is not yet 21, and he is telling the story definitely not from the position of the omniscient narrator. He is obviously na&#65533;ve (what else a boy, sheltered by his mother, could be?) but he does not lack intelligence, although fails to observe and connect certain facts, he is not dumber that most of the ordinary people imagining themselves in similar circumstances... He does not have the knowledge given to the reader and he is truly "inside", living his life with all its surprises.Secondly, the "convoluted" plot - I would call in intricate and complicated, which may mean the same as "convoluted" but does not sound so negative. This novel is demanding - the reader has to concentrate, cannot skip pages in boredom, and should be able to remember the events and names. In other words, it calls for some intellectual effort, unlike some bestselling novels which probably managed to get to the top lists because they give each reader an illusion of infinite wisdom, featuring Harvard professors of philosophy who had never heard of CERN or coded messages which are so easy that the reader can have the satisfaction of solving them twenty pages before the character specializing in codes.Besides, the novel offers help - there is an index of names at the end, helpful maps and genealogical trees that grow with the addition of each family, and repetitions of events when they are described by different characters.My last comment deals with the remark of the characters being clich&#65533;s and schematic representations of types. This may be true to some degree - there are characters, which represent a certain type (e. g. Silas Clothier, Jemima Fortisquince or even Johnnie's mother, Mary), like many of the Dickensian protagonists. The majority of the characters are, nevertheless, complicated, constantly changing and very real.In conclusion, it is a great novel for people who want something more than pure time-filler, who want to be fully engaged in the plot and think while reading. I believe it can be read several times, and each time it can reveal something new to the reader.
This one I could not put down. Absolute spellbinding ending. Be sure and consider the co-writer when buying Patterson. This particular series is great.
As a non-accounting major, found the text to be helpful and full of good examples.  While required for a course, the material is explained well and makes it much easier for a layperson to understand and grasp.  Applying the formulas was easier too.
It's rare to find a book that actually prompts me to examine my life and the choices I make, and rarer still for that book to have an engaging plot. I was really interested in the two main characters and their relationship. I was disappointed with some of the plot turns, but I'll definitely remember the book because of it! This novel is beautifully written, and a bit haunting. I'm so glad I read it!
This is strictly a review of the Kindle edition of W. Somerset Maugham's 1943 novel, The Razor's Edge, which I read when I was in High School, after seeing the Hollywood version, starring Tyrone Power, when Tyrone Power was still making movies. I knew immediately that it was first published during WW II because our family copy was printed in a fashion which used as little paper as possible, to preserve that resource for the war effort. This is not great fiction, but it is good fiction, well worth reading as a description of American expatriots between the wars, in Paris. A nice counterpoint to Hemingway's The Sun Also Rises (Power stars in the film of that one too).This is a very good Kindle edition, which appears to have been converted to electronic from by the publisher, Random House. That may explain the high price. It is unusual to see the Kindle edition be more expensive than the paperback. Even for new books, it is usually the other way around. I bought this edition because I wanted to use a quote from in in a paper I was writing, and this edition had the hard copy page numbers (Official Academia, in the form of The Chicago Manual of Style, has not yet come to terms with electronic editions which do not have page numbers.) As usual, I had a quote which I thought was from this novel, and wanted to search this to cite it in my work.As luck would have it, either I simply did not remember the context well enough to find it, or, it was a line in the film which was not in the book, or it was in a different book / film entirely. But, I enjoyed the search, rereading large chunks of the novel.If you are price conscious, I suggest you get the Vintage paperback. If you must have the Kindle version, this one has no blemishes I could find.
Parents and children will laugh out loud when they share this story of Harry and a quite untalented opera singer whose best quality seems to be VOLUME!Lassie and Rin Tin Tin couldn't do any better than Harry, although he struggles through some rough patches with all the mistakes he makes trying to accomplish his aim! Poor Harry seems to love everyone except the lady next door who sings that awful opera at the top of her lungs. She sings louder than the peanut vendor's whistle, fire engine siren and screaming cats. Now, that's really loud!Harry does everything he can to stop her, to no avail. But when Harry's neighbor wins a contest, she goes off on a ship to study opera in a far off land! As her ship sets sail, her singing proves to be even louder than the ship's foghorn. "Harry thought it was the most beautiful good-bye song he had ever heard!"Three cheers for Harry, one of the most adorable little guys we've ever read about!
What can I say?  I 'had to have' it since it was the 20th anniversary edition and did I mention the CD?  But what a great chance to reread one of my favorites of all time.  Awesome series.
Had the 'new' Russia arrogantly and ineptly left it's sailors to perish? That is just one of the questions author Flynn probes in this tale of the loss of the behemoth submarine, Kursk in August, 2000. The size of this submersible is incredible at nearly 15,000 tons it was "as long as two jumbo jets, five stories high, and sixty feet wide." It boasted two nuclear reactors, a pool, and a sauna. And it had a rescue system consisting of an escape pod that could hold 115 sailors. It was not armed conflict, poor navigation, nor a collision that sunk the sub but rather a sign of the deteriorating former Soviet armed forces. It was the world's biggest torpedo, an amazing thirty-six feet in length, that malfunctioned due to poor maintenance while in the Kursk that produced a strong of tragedies and travesties.Two blasts knocked out the submarine. The first had it heading to the ocean's floor, the second was twenty times stronger than the initial, actually registering on the Richter scale. Incredibly, sailors survived and many may have been rescued had it not been for Russian pride, military stonewalling, and bureaucratic and political delays. This is where Flynn weaves in the very human stories of men on board and families back home. He has patched together an incredible story through tenacious research and personal passion. It is an event now mostly forgotten, a relic tied more to the Cold War than to the new century and democratic Russia. Thankfully, the author has put it carefully and reverently down on paper.
I found myself really caring about the small Griffin family in this endearing and honest book. Husband Frank has to learn through upheaval that he's been smugly self-involved. Daughter Zoe is delightful and rings true. Enigmatic wife Ellen is the one who upsets the apple cart with her brief affair. Divorce is too easy and acceptable in our society. What I applaud is the effort to keep a relationship and family together. As an author myself, of NEW PSALMS FOR NEW MOMS: A KEEPSAKE JOURNAL, I appreciated the love that both parents had for their child, Zoe. That love is what ultimately kept them together.
I had planned to listen to this audiobook during the holidays, which I had borrowed from the library. When I received a free gift from Audible to download this latest version narrated by Tim Curry, I chose to listen to this edition instead.Ebenezer Scrooge is a miserable old skinflint who runs Scrooge & Marley, a counting-house firm in London, England. His business partner, Jacob Marley, passed away seven years before, and Scrooge runs the firm with an iron-first. His employee, Bob Cratchit, is given a hard time when he asks to have Christmas Day off to spend in celebration with his family. Cratchit maintains that it is only once a year, and Scrooge's retort is that it is "a poor excuse for picking a man's pocket every twenty-fifth of December!" Although Scrooge reluctantly agrees, he demands that Bob come in the following day extra early to make up for it!When Scrooge returns home on Christmas Eve, he is startled to see that the brass knocker on his door has turned into a likeness of Jacob Marley. Later that evening, he is visited by Marley's ghost. At first, he refused to believe that Marley was real. Marley's ghost is covered in chains attached to cash-boxes, padlocks, and ledgers. Marley warns Scrooge that he is destined to the same fate if he does not change his ways, telling him: "I wear the chain I forged in life...I made it link by link, and yard by yard; I girded it on of my own free will, and my own free will I wore it." Marley foretells of the three ghosts that will visit Scrooge.I read A Christmas Carol way back in high school, so this is a re-read for me. This classic still hasn't lost its charm. It is a heart-warming story of second chances and redemption, which makes it a perfect holiday read! One of my favourite parts of the story is during Stave Three, when Scrooge sees Tiny Tim's crutch and asks the Ghost of Christmas Present whether the boy will die. It is already apparent that the events of the evening have begun to thaw Scrooge's hardened heart.When I saw that Tim Curry narrated this version, I was immediately intrigued because Curry has such a big personality with a booming voice to match. He didn't let me down! Tim Curry's narration was fantastic! He does an amazing job of bringing Scrooge's personality across in his narration, and I highly recommend this rendition!
I thought this book was amazing when it first came out, when I was literally a teenager and first starting to think about life and what it all meant.  I believe I have re-read this book over the years at least 6 times, and I always get something from it.  For some reason this book is like an old friend I go back to again and again. I also loved the movie, love the ideas it presents, the way you watch Shirley struggle -  as we all do (I am now 42, and can really relate to where she was at that time) -  with relationships, friendships, family, and the search for spirituality and meaning in this life. I thought her love affair with Gerry was touching, how there was such a connection that she couldn't understand for a long time (though I am a little judgmental when it comes to affairs with married men, so I wasn't so comfortable about that part). We've all been drawn toward someone or repelled from someone so strongly and had trouble shaking the feeling, so it was interesting to see that it all may be about far more than what is happening on the surface. The movie was sweet, and sad, and funny, and touching, and really humanized celebrity in a way that brought home that we're all just people struggling to find our way.  I've read nearly all of her books, with The Camino being the last.  For some reason that was just too "out there" for me.  A really good follow-up was It's All in the Playing, documenting Shirley's experience while filming the movie. It also discussed John Heard, "David" in the movie, who is such a tremendous actor.  He wasn't much of a believer in the subject matter when approached to do the movie, and it was very interesting to read the behind-the-scenes of it all.  So I would recommend this book whole-heartedly.  Interesting and thought-provoking, both.
The book has opened me to contemporary issues in autocratic management. I was surprised that even those stories are happening to real life.However, I have to question myself the credibility of those stories. It seems to me that the author make up some of them. You know, it's normal. I once attended a presentation with an international businessman, and honestly, I don't believe his story. In those kind of event, we have to be prepared to understand that those speakers to some extent have to make up stories to fill their presentation. I think D'Alessandro did that. His stories are weird. Maybe I have to face it myself to believe; but let's hope not.
Jethro Creighton's life in rural Illinois seems far removed from the tense political events in Washington, DC. But when Jethro's teacher brings the news that the country is at war, Jethro's world comes crashing down around him. Too young to fight, he watches as almost everyone he cares about leaves to join the Union army--everyone except his favorite brother, Bill, who runs away to join the Confederates. Jethro waits, desperate for news and struggling to manage the farm with just his mother and sister, through the five long springs of the American Civil War.Across Five Aprils is a powerful story about a boy becoming a man during the most difficult of times.  The novel doesn't give the reader any easy answers about the problems of slavery or the horrors of war and the detailed accounts of real historical events make the novel fascinatingly believable. It was a Newbery Honor Book in 1965.
I read The Handmaid's Tale for the first time twenty five years ago.  It was a remarkable book, beautifully written, fascinating, a "cautionary" book.  My second read, done in October 2012, again found the book to be remarkable, beautifully written, fascinating.  But in today's conservative political climate---greater responsibilities for women but fewer rights and power---the cautionary tone of the book has become frighteningly more realistic.
Haidt has achieved an excellent job in synthesizing various disciplines of wisdom about happiness (from ancient to modern, scientific to religious, Eastern to Western), in a provocative manner. He has also critically presented his view about happiness & the purpose within life, which I find pragmatic & inspiring. The book is beautifully written, with extensive list of reference for readers who are keen to explore further about the topics.For readers who are interested in the topics, I would also recommend Martin Seligman's work, such as 'Authentic Happiness'.
just read this book. gender issues are so fascinating, especially when addressed by one of the masters.
I've read it 7 times or so. His walk through the Himalayas becomes a waking metaphor for his walk through life. Electrically clear and stimulating for the psyche.
This is a great book. The first couple of chapter provide a quick rundown of what business analysis is and is not. It then has 12 short mostly self contained chapters - one for each analysis technique  (the book has a preview of the index so I won't list them here). The chapters are laid out in a succinct format: Description; Strengths of method; Weakness of method; How to do it; and finally a short case study. The book has the strong merits of being;1) short - the authors understand your busy and your time is valuable and don't ramble on like many books in this domain and2) actionable - the authors understand you need to get things done and describes in clear language how to do get started with each technique.The book also has a good index to help you quickly reference and find information. Every entrepreneur and business manager, I believe,  will find this book a great buy. If you want to dig deeper into other techniques I would suggestBusiness, Second Edition: The Ultimate Resource (Business : the Ultimate Resource).
I'm using this book to reinforce beginning Spanish lessons and I am finding it to be very useful for that purpose.
This sequel continues the story of Marius, one of the greatest generals that Rome had ever known, and his student and rival, Sulla.  Julius Caesar is also a child prodigy in it and the familiar cast of characters from the first volume are back as well.  As far as new characters go, there are the brutal "oriental" despot Mithradates, Ciciero, and the ambitious Pompey family.  They are all believable and very interesting as well as embodiments of possible roman futures in a way that most history books do not explore.  The characters also evolve, which adds a depth that makes it all the more believable.It is about a very sad era in Rome, with the republican institutions in precipitous decline as powerful generals rise, whose troops are more loyal to them than to the Roman Republic.  The descent into barbarism is horrific and brilliantly delineated by McCullough, who has done a superb job of historical research.  Just as Marius' star is waning - and his decline from the great and far-thinking man he was makes for depressing reading - so Sulla's time has arrived.I do not know of a better way to live in a different era than historical novels.  This series is so masterly, so fascinating in detail, and so fast-moving in plot and action that it is one of the best that I have ever read.  Warmly recommended.
I liked this book by Grisham because it was a fast and entertaining read. The 3 million plus dollars left in the judges study by the judge and discovered by the main character of this book takes on an incredibly interesting life of it's own and serves as a warning to all who might accidentally fall into instant wealth. As a retired pilot I thoroughly enjoyed the familiar routines of the book that dealt with the flying aspect. The novel's subtle ending inspired hope for a sequel that the book's main character himself probably hopes for.Review by Father Beaver.
One of the best books of all time.  My son loved it and read it cover to cover in a few days.  I just re-read it again.  Loved it even more the second time reading it as an adult!!
_The Mosquito Coast_ manages to be both a great story and a moving critique of good old-fashioned American self-reliance.  Allie, the practical yet passionate father, leads his family into the jungles on a mad  quest: he wants to strike out on his own, survive by his ingenuity. and  leave behind the mindless consumerism of mainstream life.I thought all  these things were virtues before I picked up this book.  What Theroux shows  is that there is a human cost to genius--Allie's quest to perfect his work  leads him to destroy everyone and everything around him.  Self-reliance and  authenticity sometimes are not compatible with kindness, happiness and  humaneness.A tremendously well-crafted, marvelous book.
Immensely enjoyable book, written by the mistress of alt-universe fantasy. (...)Pilgrim Parties (read: Fantasy tourists) are taken through a magical portal to the magical land where they can battle and triumph over the Dark Lord, who is elected periodically. Everyone is sick of the Dark Lord tours, such as kings and magicians, who have to take sides with Good or Evil; however, the tour guide Chesney isn't about to lose any money there. The newest Dark Lord is Derk, a wizard who mainly wants to create bizarre critters. But apparently, like jury duty, you have to be Dark Lord..The problem is, Derk isn't very GOOD at it. He and his odd family manage to rearrange things and make him Dark Lord, but unfortunately being the Force of Evil is not as easy as it looks. Add that to possible stealing from Chesney and you have a bizarre fantasy/fantasy-spoof that is difficult to put down.Jones's spoofing of fantasy started in her delightful "Tough Guide to Fantasyland," and many of the elements involved appear here, as if she has novelized the pseudo-encyclopedia. This fact occasionally makes the book a bit more "drifty" than her Chrestomanci tales, but it's still a darn sight better than most books.And funny indeed this book is (well, where it isn't creepy). The scramble to create the perfect "Dark Lord's stronghold"-type building is hilarious, as is the side-splitting idea of tourists engaging in specialized tours in which they get to be High Fantasy heroes. Derk's kids aren't as well defined as is usual for Ms. Jones, but Derk the Reluctant Dark Lord makes up for that.Her writing style is its usual chipper, brisk style, full of fun descriptions. The blue demon was an especial treat, as were those terrific griffins...A small warning: You may want to have a copy of "Tough Guide" alongside you while reading this book, to get the full effect of it's kookiness. And can't wait to see the sequel, "Year of the Griffin..."
When I was little, I used to love the Frances books.  This is easily one of the best ones.  In it, Frances has to deal with the fact that her mother and father are often too busy with Gloria the new baby, to speak to her at the moment.  Frances just can't stand being ignored, so she tries all kinds of things.  Finally, after there are no raisins for her oatmeal, and her mother didn't have  a chance to iron her favorite dress, Frances decides to run away to the dining room.  So she packs up her knapsack, and runs away to the dining room table with a box of prunes and five chocolate sandwich cookies.  But after her food supply is exhausted, Frances realizes that you can't run away from your troubles!  And so she runs back to her mother and father.  But I really loved her marching song, which I used to annoy my parents with.
I have studied numerous styles of martial arts for over four decades, and like many of my friends and martial arts buddies it is hard to take classes in every style.  So I purchased this book after reading numerous reviews so I could better understand the formidable style of Muay Thai.  I am so glad I did!  Despite some negative reviews I read from some reviewers I think this book is great.  It explains and demonstrates things very well.  So why didn't I give it 5 stars?  Honestly, to get five stars to me means that a book doesn't really need a view things.  This book could be better as far as illustrations go, but frankly, it is a great book nonetheless and the application of the strikes is explained very well, which so important.  I heartily recommend this book.
When I first migrated to Australia in 1983, I immediately started asking questions about the country's indigenous aborigines. For me, it was simple curiosity. New Zealand, where I'd come from, had imperfect race relations,  but Maori dances, hakas, and creation stories were taught from primary  level at every school. Like many &quot;Pakeha&quot; (white) New Zealanders,  I had a part-Maori partner - whom I later married. In Perth, however,  no-one I spoke to, including white journalists with whom I worked, could  tell me what the &quot;Dreamtime&quot; spoken about in aboriginal culture  meant. Their demeanour suggested the very questions displayed a lack of  taste.Strange then, that it should have been a Briton who gave me  my first insights - to have the boldness both to outline and celebrate the  unique richness of Aboriginal cosmology, and to put it in the context of  the great nomadic traditions of human life. This is beautifully written,  wry and teasing; it respects aboriginality, but shows a lightness of touch  rare in this particularly fraught field.Arguments have been made  against this book on anthropological grounds, and on the grounds that no  non-aboriginal person should presume to write about such matters. There may  be merit in  these points of view; I am simply grateful that Chatwin turned  his brilliance to this subject. I find this book as illuminating and as  life-affirming now, as when I first read it many years ago.Other  books I can recommend, although more prosaic in style, are Geoffrey  Blainey's &quot;The Triumph of the Nomads&quot;, Henry Reynolds'  &quot;Frontier&quot; and &quot;Why Weren't We Told&quot; and the official  reports into the so-called &quot;Stolen Generation&quot; and the Royal  Commission into Aboriginal Deaths in Custody.There is still a way to  go.
I read this book in one of the last and also most excellent classes I took in college. The story revolves around the character of Tayo dealing with the extreme debilitation of survivor's guilt and his journey through his past and the past of his people to help heal himself. The story is well written and haunting, and that is part of what makes the book good, but that is not what makes this book so important.At this time in history, with so many new veterans and so many still dealing with the trauma of past wars, it is more important than ever to not only see how we can all help them heal, but also to understand some of the reasons they cannot. PTSD, TBI, Survivor's Guilt, abandonment, fear, nightmares, bad relationships, physical trauma, substance abuse, illness...all these issues and more are affecting current war vets. I think books like this one can help vets look into their own issues and also help those who have never experienced these extreme emotions to better understand some of the things our vets are going through. The reality of how war affects the human mind is still not fully understood and at this time when so many are coming home in need of help and understanding the rest of us need to do as much as we can to try and understand, to try and help, those whose lives have been forever changed. Ceremony examines one such changed life in depth and detail, and by reading it I believe we can help ourselves and hopefully begin to help others as well.Despite the heavy subject matter, do not assume this book is a depressing trudge through the mud. The brilliant descriptions of the desert southwest and the stories of Southwestern Native American heritage, rituals, and ceremonies are a joy to read. Yes, the book's descriptions of the lows and problems facing Native Americans and veterans are realistic, but ultimately Ceremony is a tale of healing, understanding, and redemption.Definitely many adult topics and subject matter, though teens should be able to deal just fine.Read it.
If you want to rise to the top of your organization, read this book.  Many times.The ideas in this book (if properly executed) are worth $1 million to $100 million (or may be more).Also recommended: Career Warfare.I would be happy to pay good money for any work by D'Alessandro and Michele Owens.  I hope the next book by the duo is about how to hunt (for business).In the book David D'Alessandro thanks his father and his father's namesake, which I thought was most interesting.
These three thrillers depict the genius of the Bernie Gunther character created by Philip Kerr. They also give intriguing insight into recent German history. The first two books are set in the pre-war 1930s when Hitler was coming to power and Nazi brutality growing. The third takes place after WW2 in Occupied Germany when war criminals were skulking in the shadows.As usual with Kerr, the research is deep and  informative, the murders compelling. I loved every page of this trilogy.
I had to order this for a college class.  It came 1 day earlier than even Amazon expected.  Also...it was a brand new , shrink wraped item.  In college book store I would have paid a few dollars more for a used, highlighted, written in, dog earred copy...very very satisfied..
I have to say, I really enjoyed Babes in the Wood, which is the first Ruth Rendell I have ever read.  I imagine, based on some of the reviews I have read here, that there are other novels in the Inspector Wexford series that are stronger, but as I have no frame of reference for this series, other than this one novel, I cannot comment as to that.  What I can comment to is the fact that Babes in the Woods is a well-written, well-plotted and well-paced mystery.  It kept me guessing throughout the novel and the ending made sense without being predictible or overly foreshadowed.  The story concerns the disappearance of two teens and their adult babysitter over the course of a rainy weekend.  Their mother returns home and jumps to the conclusion that the pair have drowned.  As the novel continues, there are many other conclusions reached and discarded, leads followed and abandoned.  Babes in the Wood is an excellent mystery and an enjoyable read.
There is no better book to be used for Developmental Psychology than this one.  It not only provides the foundation of introductory psychology, but goes well into detail with all aspects of lifespan development.  The material is extremely organized and chronological, making it very simple to use for reference and in the classroom.  Highly recommended for all psychology students and instructors.
This book, if read with an open mind, can really make a difference. I would encourage any military our even children to teens read this.
I read this book about a year ago and forgot to review it.  I've read probably 50 books since then and I can remember only a handful of them.  Most just blend in.  A Confederacy of Dunces stands out and I will always remember it.  It is an excellent read with a band of quirky characters and bumbling idiots.  It's a must read for anyone that appreciates good books and great writing.
Tedlow provides a brilliant analysis of each of his subjects in combination with a wealth of biographical information which creates an appropriate context for his discussion of Carnegie, Eastman, Ford, Watson (Sr.), Revson, Walton, and Noyce. He organizes his material within three Parts: The Rise to Global Economic Power, The Heart of the American Century, and Our Own Times. So what we have here, in a single volume, are eight mini-biographies, critical analysis of the "giants," and an equally valuable analysis of the evolution of American business history during the last 150 years. Although not always in agreement with Tedlow, I especially appreciate sharing his own opinions. He cites a wealth of primary sources and on occasion expresses his own disagreements with others such as Joseph Frazier Wall, author of arguably the definitive biography of Andrew Carnegie. Tedlow has consummate writing skills. His narrative has Snap! Crackle! and Pop! Throughout the book, he offers hundreds of revealing anecdotes, direct quotations, relevant examples to illustrate and support key points, and -- much appreciated -- a playful sense of humor. Tedlow really is an entertaining raconteur as well as a distinguished business scholar.This is one of the most entertaining as well as most informative business books I have read in recent years. Those who share my high regard for it are urged to check out Crainer's The Management Century, Thought Leaders edited by Kurtzman, Wren and Greenwood's Management Innovators, Leibovich's The New Imperialists, and Landrum's Profiles of Genius.
First Aid for Psych Clerkship is quick and hits all the main points.  There are some mnemonics that are helpful and things are clearly labeled.
This book pulls no punches in describing what it feels like to be clinically depressed. Football hero Austin tries everything he knows to feel better, including hooking up with the beautiful Heather, but he can't shake the nothingness he feels, and it nearly destroys him. I was especially impressed by the book's refusal to bow to typical bibliotherapy answers; Austin doesn't consult a professional or even tell his best friend how he's feeling. Most teens wouldn't, either. DAMAGE tells it like it is, and in so doing, gives readers a way to understand.
So far all of her books have been very had to put down once I  start.l  Will be looking for the next Will Trent novel
&quot;The Fiery Cross&quot; is the fifth and last book in Diana Gabaldon's extraordinary &quot;Outlander&quot; series. Claire and James Fraser have weathered more storms than most, crossed oceans and centuries to make a life together, and this last novel is the culmination of all their struggles. We were first introduced to Jamie and Claire right after Claire made the voyage from peaceful 20th century Scotland to 18th century Scotland and total mayhem. We witnessed passion, love and friendship grow between this couple as they began married life, and experienced adventure, adversity and attempted to alter history. Now they have finally settled in North Carolina along with their daughter Brianna, her husband Roger, their son Jemmie, many of their family members and friends from Scotland, including most of Jamies fellow prisoners from Ardsmuir and hundreds of refugees in exile in the wake of the Jacobite rebellion.The novel opens as &quot;The Fiery Cross,&quot; used to summon highlanders to war, is lit again at the 1770 Gathering of Clans in the Royal Colony of North Carolina. William Tryon, North Carolina's governor, has asked Jamie to gather men to form a militia in order to put down a local uprising - one of the many precursors to the Revolutionary War.Unlike Ms. Gabaldon's other novels, this is not a book focused on adventures and conflict, with many plot twists and turns, although there is no lack of excitement here. &quot;The Fiery Cross&quot; is all about character growth, interpersonal relationships, survival in the wilderness, and the mature love of a middle-aged couple who adore each other. We have witnessed Claire and Jamie live, work and love, almost as one entity - now they experience what it is like to be family elders, surrounded by loved ones, and wrestle with commonplace chores and leadership issues. Claire, now a beautiful matron in her 50s, spends much of her time utilizing her physician's skills and searching for ways to bring 20th century science to her 18th century practice. James is the founder of the Fraser's Ridge community and acts as an unofficial clan chief to all the families who look to him for leadership. Brianna and Roger, and Fergus and Marsali are young couples coping with a heavy daily work load and parenting. This is a period when backbreaking work, from first light to last, is necessary for survival.Many may not care for this book as much as they did for the others, but I believe that this may be our last glimpse of the Frasers and am glad to see them settled with their loved ones and still very much in love with each other. The Fraser family, especially Claire and James, have come to mean so much to me. They are aging and Ms. Gabaldon clearly shows the toll that the years and their plights have taken. Now she allows her characters to experience some stability, home life and joy of family.Diana Gabaldon has an imagination for which I will always be grateful, and she is as skilled a writer as there ever was. She develops characters so that they truly come to life and remain with the reader forever - no small accomplishment. Her ability to capture the essence of a loving relationship, whether between lovers, spouses, parents and children, or friends can easily move her readers to tears. The dialogue is excellent and the wonderful Scottish dialect, interspersed with Gaelic, adds much to the novels' credibility and the readers' enjoyment.The &quot;Outlander&quot; books are my favorite series and Jamie and Claire my favorite literary characters. &quot;The Fiery Cross&quot; is a worthy culmination to a glorious saga.JANA
In a murder, there is usually one mystery to solve, even though plots are far-fetched and convoluted. This murder (of the dog mentioned in the title) has the actual killing, the highly involved world of the detective, and the question of whether "they all live happily ever after" to unravel.I read this book on recommendation after hearing a very inspiring talk by a Danish gentleman at a software testing conference. His story concerned a company that employed predominantly autistic people. Whilst autism and the less severe Asperger's Syndrome are not the same, there are many similarities. Mark Haddon`s tale does not describe life as a sufferer of AS (Asberger's Syndrome), but more lets the reader experience it. For the story is told in the first person by a 15-year old.Most people will have come across autistic or AS people, possibly at school, but the condition is only more common today because it is better understood. However, never has society been so excluding of people who do not conform. The 15 year-old Christopher lives in his own world. His world is conveyed very powerfully though the chain of events that begins with him finding a neighbour's dead dog. I had already worked out the unusual chapter numbering by the time this is described, and the narrative is also about writing a book, with a very understanding teacher at the special school giving advice and encouragement.The killing of the dog is solved in the middle of the book, not by sleuthing, but by confession, and this leads to a paradigm-change for Christopher. Notwithstanding that, the book is a story, a mystery, a parable and a warning for all readers. It may make you feel guilty about how you treated others in the past, but I hope it inspires you to act differently, to consider that the vast majority of individuals have a useful contribution to make to society, and to understand the massive pressures that having a disadvantaged child bring to a once-loving, stable relationship.Most of all, seeing an AS person, with obsessive behaviour and a compartmentalised world, may help us all realise that autism is not a disease. It is a spectrum. Most of us are on that spectrum, somewhere. Many are further to the autism end than they would have realised hitherto.Read it. It will do you good.Peter Morgan, Bath, UK (morganp@supanet.com)
I can't fault this book; it was just not what I was looking for. Perhaps it was the way it was organized. Frankly, I would love to be part of a project like this--exploring thoroughly what people believe and why. That is why I picked up the book. I already had some basic questions that many who would be attracted to the title would. Therefore, it was difficult to wade through the chapters to see if I could find those answers.At the same time, I think this type of book is needed. I would love to see it go more mainstream, as it is one of those level-headed even-keeled books that doesn't throw darts at people who hold beliefs in the supernatural, but does give some of the why and how. In the national climate we have today where all the GOP candidates have said God called them to be president, a voice (or many various voices) of reason is needed to try and explain why this happens. I wish this book well and I hope they call me when they want to put out another one.
i picked this book up because, frankly, i thought the title was funny. but from the moment i opened it, i was rapt. this is boys own stuff. somehow cohen manages to glamorize these gangsters in a way that's even more  exciting and compelling than most mob movies. some people here have marked  this book down because of some factual errors. big fat hairy deal! if you  want facts on this subject, read &quot;but he was good to his mother&quot;  by rockaway -- one of the most tedious and ineptly written books ever  written on any subject. this is a book about having heroes and boyish  fantasies. and it's a damn good one.
A great story.  Suggest you read the book and then see the 1940s movie.  the two are quite different.  Both are excellent.
I loved the book.  I loved the characters.  I understood why things had to happen the way they happen.  Tragic in a classic sorta of way.  Why don't you give us more Donna?
I literally just got finished reading this and I am.... what's the word? Seething. Annoyed. Distraught. The story just ended and I didn't want it to. I wasn't prepared for it to, and now I don't know how long I need to wait until the next instalment is due out.I thoroughly enjoyed the first book in the series The Demon Lover but the Water Witch builds on the story that was laid out in the first book and builds it into this wonderful world that is damn near impossible to step out of. It seemed to take me days to get caught up in Callie's world with the first book, but with this one I was sucked in immediately and I struggled to put the book down.I loved the extended descriptions, sometimes when your reading a book there is so much dialogue going on that you can't see where the characters are. But Callie's world is so very clear in my head thanks to the descriptions it feels like I have been there and seen the things she see's.There are a few points in the story where I found myself literally screaming to Callie "he's not who he says he is" or " how can you not tell?" but there were also a few points that surprised me.I requested a copy of this from NetGalley in exchange for an honest review.
I am 65 years old, strong, athletic and active all my life. Recently I have had had to restrict my activities due to severe arthritis. I already have had a full shoulder replacement and will soon undergo a full knee replacement. Reading this book made me realize that I have been over-training for 50 years! Have just started on the &#34;big five&#34; ( one workout) and can hardly wait to see the results over time. Cutting way back on time in the gym and waiting for full recovery is going to be my big challenge. In six months I will review the program again in this forum and tell you all if it worked for me.Jim BSan Diego
I've always wondered why Grapes of Wrath got the Pulitzer Prize and more general acclaim, because East of Eden moved me more. Sure, they both bear many trademarks of great literature--timeless themes, universal characters yet detailed descriptions, intellectually challenging yet emotionally resonant, and so forth--but really, is the story of a family that migrates any grander than the story of a family that mostly stays in the same place?To summarize this tome is beyond my skill, and I believe its relevance is so widespread that I'll only point out a few types of readers for whom East of Eden would NOT apply: anyone who's always gotten along perfectly with their parents and siblings; anyone who's always had perfect romantic relationships; anyone who's always understood perfectly what they want to do with their lives. But unless you fit those criteria, buy it, and buy it now.
This is one of those life-changing books. It was recommended to me by the mom of an autistic kid. It's a fast read, and there's no reason you shouldn't read it, particularly if you work with autistic kids.Even if you don't, it's wonderfully enlightening.
"Outlander" spoiled my vacation.  I'd picked up a library copy on a whim -- it sat there on a table, looked sufficiently interesting for the beach, so I lugged it along.  What a mistake -- that week, I drove inland TWICE to buy the second, then the third, in Gabaldon's series.When it first came out, the romance community said, "No, not a true romance," the sci-fi community looked askance.  Well, people, it's a great novel.  Actually, it's great five novels, with Gabaldon working on her sixth.I admire this series so much.  Yes, it's stirring and page-turning, romantic and sensual, as other enthusiastic reviewers have noted here.  Yes, it will keep you awake.  Even more than that, however, it contains elements that display Gabaldon's excellent storyteller skills.Take, for example, Claire's talents as a nurse/healer -- which give her value in 18th century Europe, and also adapt and change as she learns how to use plants, or attempts cures she's only observed or read of.  Her struggle to heal those around her is one that most women and all mothers can understand and applaud.  Gabaldon has graduate degrees in scientific fields, and it shows.What shows, too, is her insistence on dealing with questions of morals and ethics.  Her main characters use their religious faith (many are Catholic) and experience to help them maneuver through moral minefields.  There are no actions, no feelings, without consequences.  That includes the love Jamie and Claire have for each other.People do love in these books.  They also get hurt.  There is suffering, there is intense, shocking pain.  Jealousy, envy, lust . . . the pain of lost love, of love unrequited, of love transformed to contempt.But there is also redemption.  Claire, Jamie, those surrounding them, search for ways to connect and ways to resolve conflicts within themselves.  How to make amends, how to apologize, how to heal.  While many reviewers have commented on Claire and Jamie's sexual avidity, they've failed to note that passion itself can heal.  That Gabaldon knows enough of life, of men and women, to be able to write of physical love's healing power is enormously welcome.I can hardly wait for Diana Gabaldon's next book.
Alan Weiss knows his stuff, and delivers it in an accessible and straightforward package. Never one to sugarcoat, his advice to speakers centers on marketing more than delivery. If you are looking into the business of speaking, this book is for you. If you want to become a better speaker, this book is only 'sort of' good for you. But its definitely good for your audiences.
I absolutely could not put this novel down and read it cover to cover in two sittings. I highly recommend.
I have definitely found a new favorite in Auggie March. Definitely a slow read, but the episodes of thought and emotion were definitely worth the work. Maybe I am biased though as the more and more I read this book the more I realized I had some things in common with Senor March, in thought and experience. It was rather odd, even one of the character names was right on to my experiences. Freaked me out a little. All in all I thought it was an amazing read, but I definitely would not recommend this book to everyone.
Outlander, and the whole series, is a rich, wonderful, thrilling series.  This doesn't belong in the romance section, it needs a section of its own or a special spot in the travel section.  This book has everything; romance, love, hate, action, sex, politics, history, fantasy - ghosts come to life.  The research is impeccable and transports the reader to the Scottish highlands of the 18th century.  I have become one of Diana Gabaldon's rabid fans, all too willingly.  I won't waste time with another synopsis - read and enjoy!
Can you imagine not only purchasing an excellent book on management, but even meeting the author and receiving an excellent education on the principles of that book. Well that happened to me. The principles have remained with me for more than a few years. I highly recommend this book and any course its authors teach. Pay close attention to their exercises. David Meier even inspired me to write my own bookA Greater Prayer: A How-To Manual on Making the Lord's Prayer Your Very Own. Thanks David!
In 1971 I enrolled in my first college class and wrote a paper on this book. My thesis was: If you truly believe, whatever you believe you can do, you can do.  My teacher's note stated that the book was based on a false premise.  She asked can blind people see and can paralyzed people walk?Thirty-five years later I read this book again.  I now realize that the author was much wiser than my teacher.  Those who believed created procedures which have enable some blind people to see and some paralyzed people to walk.After my second reading of this book I get a more indepth view.  Our negative or positive thoughts in our waking hours are implanted in our subconscious mind.  The author believed that the subconscious mind is all powerful.  The subconscious mind never sleeps and has no sense of right or wrong thinking.  While we sleep it records our thoughts, belief's and actions. Negative thoughts are projected on to others who often return the favor.  This results in repeated failure, depression, poor attitude, and general unhappiness.Pushing out negativism and replacing them with optimistic and create positive thoughts make you a new person.  People view you differently  You have a new powerful magic about you that enables you to achieve whatever you can conceive mentally. The catch is that you have to really believe.I would recommend this book to everyone and especially to people who are depressed and/or feel like they have no control over their destiny or are in a hopeless situation.  They will be surprised that they put themselves in that predicament and can reverse the process.
I've read two other books on options and my first recommendation to anyone new to options would be this one, mainly because I found it the most reader friendly and easiest to follow. The other two that I read are Getting Started in Options (6th Edition) by Michael C. Thomsett, and Fundamentals of the Options Market by Michael S. Williams and Amy Hoffman. The latter is more advanced than Thomsett's book and Options for the Beginner and Beyond.As it says in the preface, Options for the Beginner and Beyond "is intended for people who are just starting to learn about options as well as for those who want to advance their basic knowledge to a higher level." This book assumes that "people who are just starting to learn about options" have trading experience and a basic understanding of the stock market and market jargon and terminology. If you want to get a sense of the style, tone and content of the book, you can read Chapter 1 via Amazon's "Look Inside!" feature, or you can read the first two chapters at the Financial Times Press site (ftpress dot com) in the Articles section on the page devoted to Dr. Olmstead. In addition, one can visit sites such as olmsteadoptions dot com and beta dot fool dot com/olmteadoptions/ (which is Olmstead's Motley Fools blog, where there are at present 3 short articles, similar in tone, style and content to those in the book).The first edition of Options for the Beginner and Beyond consists in large part of articles written for Dr. Olmstead's online newsletter, The Options Professor, published between 2003-2007, as well as material developed by Olmstead for a course on options taught at Northwestern University. I have not seen the first edition, but we are told in the preface to this second edition that, "The new material included in this revised version of the book is largely drawn from the author's trading experience during the past few years."
This is really two books.The first excellent one is a survey of modern physics which I found very interesting because of the frank way Penrose discusses the gaps and problems in physics. His explanation of what is wrong about quantum measurement theory is superb. He goes beyond the evidence but that's OK because he lets you know what is real and what is speculative. You would need to know a bit pf physics to follow all this I suspect.The second "book", embarrassing though mercifully short is an attempt to refute the notion that machines will be able to think, and also an attempt to suggest that the solution of the problem of consciousness is somehow related to the unification of gravity and quantum machanics. Here Penrose shows himself to be a philosphical amateur - his material on the theory of the mind would get him an "F" in Philosophy 101 I am afraid. The bibliography backs up this view - there are few books of philosophy mentioned. It looks like he has not done his homework. The only good bit here is the material about Turing machines which has excellent coverage of the limitation of machines which embody this model of what "computation" is.Overall I loved this book for its physics but don't read it expecting to learn anything much about AI or consciousness.
This book had me from the first page.  It was a pleasure to read.  I found it funny, sad and interesting.  What most intrigues me about this book is its lack of traditional model.  there is no build-up, climax, and conclusion.  It just is.  Except for some strange terms used by the speaker, it is difficult to imagine that it was written so long ago.  There are some memorable scenes from this book that will no doubt stay with me.  I was very taken with the main character's sarcasm, wit and innocence.
My Son read this book to me. This is an easy one for him but we are working on reading out loud. He needs to practice reading with the breaks in the right place. It is a cute story about Little bear and his father. It is an I Can Read book that I would recommend for K-2nd grade.
This book is a must have for the RV enthusiast.  It is written in an easy to understand format. A must have.
There is a blurb on the front of this book, written by The Boston Globe, that says, "Masterful...reading it is an experience to be treasured."I think that's a pretty apt description of this book. It really was an experience, and one that I'm sad to have finished.Basically, the story is that of a man in his late 50s who is a relative recluse in his home. At some time before the story begins, his leg was amputated and his wife left him for the surgeon. He's estranged from his only child and lives alone in a large estate, with only a few 'helpers' around.He has decided to write a biography of his grandmother, using letters that she wrote and were written to her as a way of getting some insight into her life. His grandmother left her comfort and high society in New York to marry a man who worked in the mines in the late 1800s. She became a famous writer and illustrator while she lived in mining camps with no luxuries, even of the 1800s variety, and she mostly hated the entire experience.About 4/5 of the book is this biography he's written of her, which he has taken great liberties with and has created dialouge and dramatic situations for. The other 1/5 is the telling of his life, and how his grandmother's life affected him.I'm making it sound kind of dull, I think, but it was really fascinating. I forgot so many times that I was even reading a novel, I was so caught up in the story.When I finished the book, I did some research on it and discovered that it created quite the scandal when it won the Pulitzer back in the '70s. Apparently Stegner based on the book on a very real person, and barely changed any names. In fact, he used actual excerpts from real letters in his book - without crediting them or acknowledging in any way that they were real. Cries of plagiarism abounded and people were all up in arms. I really don't care. The letters were not that prominent in the book and he clearly did a lot of research and used a lot of creativity to come up with the story line.
As with everything by this author, the book is compelling, difficult emotionally and excellent. One of those I can hardly put down until I'm finished.
What can I say...  If you are into 007 you must have this book.  Alphabetical listing of all kinds of James Bond trivia, plus a lot of photos.  A new addendum has info on the first Brosnan 007 film.  An updated edition would be nice.I still think Moore is the best Bond of them all.  The classic British gentleman...
I found it to be a wonderful story that I must have missed when I was young. It is just pleasant reading.
So the time travel thing, which I generally hate in a book, meant I put this one off for a good long while. I'm glad - I'm better able to understand it today than I would have been a couple years ago.Read it, cried so much I had to keep putting the book down and blowing my nose and wiping off tears, finished it, want to read it again right away.Well, I read at the rate of about two or three hundred books a year minimum and have for the past almost thirty years, and that has never happened before. So - all this "Oooh, everybody loved it, I'm not gonna touch it with a ten foot pole" junk? Give it up, ok? There's a reason everyone loved this book, and that's because it was so intense and well written and over the top and subtle. I'm sure there are flaws and if I read it a few dozen times I'l spot them, but the thing is, I could easily read it a few dozen times and not be bored. It's *not dumb*. It's a smart book, a funny book, a tragic book with all the trimmings. Stop being a social snob and just read it already, so you can say how I'm all wrong and you hated it or you can send me a side-note thank-you while you write the author a gushing fan letter.
If you are reading this series you obviously like the books. The author hasn't disspointed you with this one. Another creepy amazing little story about the 3 children you have grown found of... another suspenseful ending.... a must read.
This book is the second in a series. Start with THE NIGHTINGALE GIRLS.  It's about young women training to become nurses in the 1930's in the UK.  The author's thorough research enables us to see life lived through the eyes of girls of a very different, restrictive era.  Despite the rules, they manage to find love, endure heartbreaks, and mature into stronger women.While set in an era strange to most of us, it is a fascinating read; good for beach or travel days.
Great book and a fun, easy read.  The chapter on Eddie the chop house boy is a must read for anyone who knows somebody really greedy!  Pass it on.
Graham Greene often strikes readers as being a prolific writer of genre novels. In an unreaderly time, it's amazing that his works still arouse responses of curiosity, attention, and debate to an extent that is deeper than what entertainment novels usually ensue. Reflecting the style of many other works, Greene invests in A BURNT-OUT CASE a moral dilemma that gives it an edge of seriousness and a whiff of suspense. Combining his rich travel experience with a style of the utmost calm, lucidity and simplicity, A BURNT-OUT CASE concerns a man who escapes life and his successful career as an architect and seeks refuge in a Congo leproserie.Querry is emotionally marooned - he suffers from nothing and loses touch with love, sentiment, and suffering. Humanity has no grabble on him. He is diagnosed as the mental equivalent of a burnt-out leprosy case, a leper who has undergone mutilation before he can be cured. Querry arrives anonymously and discreetly at the village looking for meaning in life. He might have lost his capacity to love but his scruple retains. The ex-architect has plunged to the bottom of his life (to the point of no return) when he realizes for his entire life he has not loved. The remorse in him motivates to come in terms with suffering, for suffering is the only measure one has to put himself in touch with the whole human condition.A BURNT-OUT CASE strives to make a daring connection between failure to love and religious hypocrisy. Querry realizes his lack of love and he cannot even pretend that what he has been feeling in life is love. The motives for work, life, or anything, fail him and the ultimate crisis settles in: his life has been deprived of meaning. The moment he perceives the emptiness he has been lifted off the pit and is spurred toward love and good deeds. What Greene strives to convey is that one who has found love no longer has to elaborate that love to others. The novel subtly ridicules the absurdity in which Christianity would always presume and appropriate man's love and attribute man's good deeds to Christian love. So Christianity takes credit for all the good fruits and leave behind the evil doings. This blunt denial of any good that exists outside of Christian faith engenders hypocrisy.A BURNT-OUT CASE therefore affords an audacious (but valid) claim that is possible for a man of intelligence, modesty, honesty, and remorse to make his life without a god. The claim adumbrates a borderline existentialist tenet, which believes in an individualism that is free from any social and external influence in order to achieve autonomous decision-making in life and ultimately giving a tight grip on one's fate. The beauty of the novel lies in the fact that it does man's volition justice through Querry's transformation to love labor. The novel neither scorns Christianity nor the deeds impelled by the religious faith, but it expounds love that is purely humane and love that is not institutionalized or labeled.The struggle between hypocrisy and pure love becomes very evident as the underlying pride, deceit, and bitterness culminate in a riotous violence that jolts the quiet village. The novel exposes what most religious people do not wish to confront: the re-examination, and possibly the renewal of love at the painfully unbearable realization of the cruel truth that they do not love despite all the scrupulous church-going and the lip worship. For such philosophical terrain the novel seeks to tackle, Graham Greene had accomplished more than an entertainment novel.
This is a great book. I gave it to my two chinese immigrant students and I'm excited to see yjeir take on this since they study the cultural revolution in their school. I got to meet the author in a seminar and she's amazing.
I used this book extensively in a previous job and found it to be excellent. We were using it for understanding LTE (Long Term Evolution) which is considered the next generation of cellular wireless technology. The book covers the architecture of LTE systems from the WCDMA evolution standpoint and throws light on how the SAE looks like. It is a very good starting point for LTE for people with prior knowledge of 3G systems. It covers the protocol in great detail and will benefit stack developers greatly.I wanted to point out to a different reviewer of the book that LTE is 4G. He may be confused thinking only WiMax is fourth generation wireless technology while in fact LTE is the real descendant to the term. WiMax is also considered 4G in some circles but the pure cellular evolution of 3G is LTE and hence it is labeled as 4G.For people interested in a more architectural level overview of LTE, I would recommend the following book:[...]
A picture really is worth a thousand words - so I guess this book is worth millions. Seriously, the importance of visual storytelling in social media and online has increased dramatically in the past three years. The authors have done a terrific job here in guiding readers through how to use pictures and videos to tell their stories and grow their brands on the social web. Two huge likeable thumbs up here!
I find this book most enlightening for the opinions and biography of the IT world's most prolific figure. His ongoing accessibility and self-deprecation make him an interesting person, to say the least. I'll probably re-read it at some point, just to keep the contents fresh in my mind.
I was introduced to this book while living in Australia, and it has now become a standard on my gift list for babies and young children. The rhyming helps children understand language, too.
Rudin's book is very terse. If you are not willing to spend hours poring over each page this is not the book for you. The beauty of this book is in its depth. Those who invest the time and effort are sure to be rewarded with a solid foundation in mathematical analysis; it will not allow you to fool yourself regarding the depth of your understanding which may be uncomfortable to some. Although it would benefit from a few more illustrative examples and a bit more discussion, this is the book I would recommend on the subject; It's all in there, only it requires great effort to extract. Of course, this is always the case with good books. If, on the other hand, you are unwilling to put in a serious effort, no good book (on any subject) will be of much use to you.
The Book of NoAs a psychotherapist, I'm continually helping bolster people who have trouble saying 'no.'  It's an essential life skill, because if you can't say 'no' when you need to, then your 'yes' is meaningless, and will result in resentment that leaks out in passive/aggressive ways.Susan Newman's book is a great resource for my clients.  It's a reference book for how to say 'no' in a variety of situations and circumstances.  Having a script for how to say no encourages people to try it, and they then learn by doing.A very helpful aid to the refusal-impaired.
My motive for reading Zemyatin's novel was to see the degree in which it influenced Orwell's 1884 and Huxley's Brave New World and in that sense it is more than worth reading.Situated in the 26th century, it features the same loss of individuality ( characters have numbers, not names and live in glass houses open to public scrutiny) and the same dominating government ( the Benefactor rather than Big Brother). Marriage, religion or intimacy are illicit. Instead sex occurs at prescribed intervals complete with a sex ration book containing pink tickets that are submitted to the Guardians who regulate all aspects of life. The trouble begins when the narrator starts writing a diary while at the same time, finds himself attracted to only one woman.  Although not as good as either of the books that followed it, I would recommend it to readers who like science fiction and are familiar with 1984 and Brave New World.. .
A story in the form of a Greek tragedy involving sheltered, secretive snots at a New England college studying the Classics and, for a night, worshiping at the alter of Dionysus to attain the ecstacy of the immortals.  Love, lust, beauty, murder, concealment, betrayal, conceit, sex, suspense, as told from the view of a middle-class outsider from California.  A couple of quotes as a sampler:***&#8220;It's a very Greek idea, and a very profound one. Beauty is terror. Whatever we call beautiful, we quiver before it.&#34;***&#8220;One likes to think there's something in it, that old platitude amor vincit omnia. But if I've learned one thing in my short sad life, it is that that particular platitude is a lie. Love doesn't conquer everything. And whoever thinks it does is a fool.&#8221;***Pretty darn good (outstanding) first novel for a lassie from the town of Grenada in Mississippi, the poorest state per capita in the Union but the richest per capita in producing literary stars.Highly recommended.
i bought this to give to friend for a  baby shower. It arrived on time and in mint condition.  The new mam to be was quite happy, this book is a classic, and am so glad it's published in Spanish.
Haven't read FINNEGANS WAKE in many years, probably not since grad school, but here it is again, everybody talking about it for some reason--it's resumed its place in the zeitgeist, the way Frank O'Hara's "Meditations in an Emergency," featured on the season opener of MAD MEN, is now rising up Amazon's best seller list as we speak--has anyone noticed the boxed ad for MAD MEN on AMC right on the page for "Meditations"?  Merchandisers don't miss a trick.  When I first read it we really thought it was the greatest novel of all time and we aspired to be just like James Joyce.  Then postmodernism set in and FINNEGANS WAKE seemed valuable as a monstrous failure, one that moreover had everything in it, a capacious junkyard like the "golden" scrapheap at the center of Dickens' OUR MUTUAL FRIEND.  In any case I pulled it off the shelf last night at 7:30 and have just come to the end, feeling like I've just swum the English Channel.The back story has never been less obvious to me.  Okay, I can just about believe that the whole of the novel (bar some "real life" events impinging on the dreamers' consciousness--chimes, house noises, bladder pressure) takes place during a dream of a very sound sleeper, but how do they know for sure his name is Porter and that he actually has three children?  I always liked the idea of "Kevin," my own name, being taken up by the great novelist James Joyce, and that "Kevin" was the golden boy of the family, but now I don't even remember how I knew his name was Kevin.  In any case the dream of Humphrey Chimpden Earwicker shows the eternal return of man (and woman), the endless of cycle of history, exemplified by the legends of Swift, Parnell, Adam and Eve, Tristan and Iseult, even nursery rhyme characters like Humpty Dumpty and Little Boy Blue.  The two boys are always in competition with each other, and physically different too, like Laurel and Hardy, except sexier, while the young daughter is the apple of daddy's eye, and sometimes he seems to be lusting after her in an incestuous way.  The great setpieces remain hypnotic, but it is significant that they are the extracts that most respect genre conventions--the trial of HCE, the procession of ALP giving out treats for 111 "children" (or are they the witnesses in Porter's trial for--and what is it he did in Phoenix Park, showed off his "penrose" I expect?  The puns, anagrams, and blended languages keep one guessing, but I can see how they might grow wearying--just keep inhaling them, like weed, and you'll be able to ride the wild surf to the end.I noticed on page 387 that there's a reference to "poor Merkin Cornyngwham, the official out of the castle on pension," and I wonder if this is where Merce Cunningham got his name from?  Because it's such a grab bag, you can find everything in the book, and it's no wonder my professor used to say that Joybe had predicted events like the Berlin Wall going up, the assassination of JFK and the war in VietNam.  Without even meaning to I found Lindsay Lohan!  You doubt me, punk?  The extravagant exchange of the quarrelling washerwoman, in which every river of the world is named, yields the following: "The wee taste the water left.  I'll raft it back, first thing in the marne.  Merced mudde!  Ay, and don't forget the reckitts I lohanned you."  After that I knew I would find Lindsay, too, quite close, even though her name might be muddled.  Page 527 has, "Linda, our seeyu," that sounds close, or how about page 492, where "Lindsay" becomes "Loonacied," as in "Loonacied! Marterdyed!! Madwakemiherculossed!!! Judascessed!!!! Pairaskivvymenassed!!!!! Luredogged!!!!!! And, needatellye, faulscrescendied!!!!!!!"  Why all the exclamation points?  More acts of prediction, mirroring the way I feel about Lohan's relationship with Samantha Ronson.  All in all, a five star book with something for everybody.
I just finished college French 101.  I was looking for a book to read to fit my skill level and this book was perfect.  It begins with very basic vocabularly and verb forms and increases your reading skill and knowledge with each successive lesson.  Each chapter has excercises which, when I worked them, served to reinforce my skill level.  Just a great book.  I wish there were additional books in a series.
You don't need to be a person who sells something to find this book very, very helpful!  If I lost it, I would buy another in a heart beat!
A beautifully written exploration of racial divisions that transports the reader into 1946 South Africa through Paton's vivid descriptions of place and people.  Originally written around 1948, it's themes of race, family, injustice, and political division ring as true today throughout our world as they did then.  Though this story is set in South Africa, there are people in every country who can find relevance in the issues raised in Cry, The Beloved Country because bigotry continues to find a home in the hearts of many.  There are still many in our world who are being treated unjustly due to their skin color, their political beliefs, their religion or lack thereof, or nationality.  Reading this books touches the heart and makes one long for a world where our differences no longer divide us but become a way for us to enrich one another's lives.
What Jack London sought to depict in many of his short stories and novels was the realistic, unforgiving brutality associated with man and nature, and, in this regard, The Sea Wolf does not disappoint. The first conflict comes when Humphrey Van Weyden is rescued by a boat after an accident, but little does the protagonist know what he is truly in for, as he will experience a figurative Hell for a good deal of time on board the Ghost. Juxtaposed by Wolf Larson, a character inspired by Milton's Lucifer in Paradise Lost, Van Weyden, a simple "bookish" literary man of thirty-five, must transform in order to sustain a barbaric and eye-opening ride.Perhaps what separates Wolf Larson from your prototypical villain is that there are moments where Van Weyden can see the philosophical, profound, well-read side of the captain. While the two are as far apart as any two characters can be in their beliefs, backgrounds, or physical appearance, they seem to be on a parallel plane when it comes to their talks about Man's existence, despite the fact that they "agree to disagree" on these various subjects.The book's most prevalent theme is survival--physically and psychologically. Van Weyden transforms himself somewhat in order to exist, yet he is not consumed by the savagery he witnesses aboard the Ghost. While he has a hard time acting on instincts, there is one point where there is a revolt from Larson in his conscience, which separates any notion that he will give in: "Wolf Larson it was, always Wolf Larson, enslaver and tormentor of men, a male Circe and these his swine, suffering brutes that groveled before him and revolted only in drunkenness and secrecy. And was I, too, one of his swine? ...No!...I would work my will through it all, in spite of Wolf Larson...All would be well." Yet, ironically, much of what Van Weyden learns from what he witnesses from Larson and the other men is critical in his survival later on.Another impressive element is London's command of description and detail. He has a way of illustrating a moment of peril, or foreshadowing, or profiling a character. One example is Van Weyden's commentary while looking out to see, while thinking about the Ghost's fate: "I, too, leaned upon the rail and gazed longingly into the sea, with the certainty that sooner or later I should be sinking down, down, through the cool green depths of its oblivion." The protagonist seems to know that something is amiss with the Ghost, and, like Melville's Pequod in Moby Dick, there is an ominous feeling on doom on board.One criticism is the later part of the novel, where it gets a little too romanticized and lovey-dovey with Maud and Humphrey. It just seemed a little too forced. Some of the parts seemed to lag a little also towards the end, and the descriptions got a little too detailed about how to prepare a vessel for voyage off of Endeavor Island.Still, over all, it was an impressive read. If you're looking for a book about courage and survival, then this is a great book to check out!
"The dead appear to us in dreams, said Julian, because that's the only way they can make us see them; what we see is only a projection, beamed from a great distance, light shining at us from a dead star..."The Secret History by Donna Tartt is one book I've quite literally obsessed about reading for the last 10 years.  I picked up a hardcover copy back in 2000 in a bookstore in Mississippi and I think I began reading it years ago but put it down.  I've heard a book picks you and you'll know when its the right time to read it. Finally, last month, I decided it was time to read it from start to finish and I'm so glad I did.  Its definitely a book I will ponder again and again, but I still haven't decided just how much I actually liked the book. It certainly has its flaws, and most of that comes from my poor attempts at wanting to care about any of the characters.Our narrator is Richard, a teen from California who moves to the East Coast to go to Hampden College in Vermont.  He likes Greek and works his way into a small elite course with only 5 other privileged students who are mentored by a superb and private Classics teacher named Julian.  Richard doesn't come from a wealthy background like the other five students, but he does a decent job of getting them to believe that he does. The five students are Henry, the snobby leader of the bunch; twins Camilla and Charles; Francis, a homosexual; and Bunny, the loud bumbling nuisance of the bunch who is a bit of a mooch.The first part of the book is mostly a character study as we join Richard in day to day activities on campus and see his detailed observations of the others...they spend days at their off campus rental home, they take expensive trips to Italy, they study foreign languages, they drink, they do drugs, they verbally back stab one another... We soon learn that they, without Richard, have accidentally killed a man, and may have to kill one of their own in order to keep the secret. They last part of the book is the out of control spiral and disintegration of the pack as they worry about getting caught, and rifts form between them.Though I haven't read him, Tartt's masterpiece has been compared to the books of Brett Easton Ellis in that we have a in depth look at wasted privileged youth at an uppity college in New England, the setting and theme of much of Ellis's work.  I think this comparison comes easy also because Tartt and Ellis both went to college together at Bennington. Knowing Ellis's background, themes such as this probably come easy to both of them.Right from the start, we know that Richard is different from the rest and we are to believe that he is an outsider; I wanted to like him so much and trust him throughout the novel.  But, he blends in so well with the group and does a good job of fooling them, that while the dividing line is practically invisible its still hard to connect with him because he is so much like the others who are at times crass and just unlikable. We get an in-depth study at his relationship with each of his five friends and their thoughts about the others as they are unveiled to Richard, which sets up almost all of the emotional conflict that drives the book.At times, it was indeed a very slow read.  There's little action, and Tartt relies on the "fear of beauty" and the unsteadiness of teenage mental psyche to create the layers of her story.  And oh what layers there are!  I don't regret reading this book at all, not in the least bit.  But I would be hesitant to suggest it to others.  I'd really have to know that person well and know what they like to read. I would suggest approaching this one with patience.  You will be rewarded in the end with the book as a whole, and all good things comes to those who can wait.I do want to read Tartt's other book, The Little Friend, even though its longer than this one.  And she's also turned me onto to wanting to read Ellis.
This fresh and original tale, told from the viewpoint of an autistic boy, will make you laugh, cry and think all at the same time. The boy, Christopher, can give you the answer to 251 x 864 in a second, but can't figure out how other people think. You'll fall in love with this young man and cheer him on as he tries to sort out his life with a mind that can't filter out excess information.
A page turner, intriguing  and unpredictable.  Well drawn characters  who capture the readers interest.  Having now read Goldfinch which I also enjoyed and the Secret History I think this is Donna Tartts best book. I recommend  both.
Kudos to Farwell for his insightful biography of one of the most  charismatic figures of the 19th century British Empire.  Richard Francis  Burton has always been one of my personal heroes and the author has done a  fine job of bringing the exploits and foibles of this extrordinary soldier,  spy, rogue, linguist, explorer, and author,  to light.
What a way to get to know Tom Ripley.  Read this one first and you'll be sure to look for the other Tom Ripley books.  The 1st novel (THE TALENTED MR. RIPLEY) is quite exciting while forming a question within you, &quot;Can you really trust anyone?&quot;.  The 2nd novel (RIPLEY UNDERGROUND) keeps the crime-mystery going even further.  It will bring you into the misgivings of the 'art gallery' world. The 3rd novel (RIPLEY'S GAME) merged a bit of Italian Mafia and even more Hitchcock suspense together.  The author had a great talent for writing crime and mystery that keeps you on the edge of your seat.  A few favorite lines from the books: 'There was a faint air of sadness about him now.' 'This evening--today--can we just do nothing?' 'There's no such thing as a perfect murder,' Tom said to Reeves. 'That's just a parlor game, trying to dream one up...'
Steve Forbes lays out a plan to fix our economy in his latest book &#34;Money.&#34;  It is easy to read and will grab you from page one.  Stability is the backbone of his plan.So much of what has gone wrong now makes sense.Washington has taken the place of our free market and has caused turmoil around the world.Forbes book is upbeat as to our future IF the Fed continues to roll back the printing of money.An education read for anyone with a pension plan to protect.
The book is written in a semi-diarist style. The supposed author of the book is a very high-functioning 15 year-old autistic child. We follow him as he tries to find out who killed the neighbours dog. Our hero has an incredible memory for detail, but is unable to empathize or step back from these details and thus handicaps him in daily living. There were some minor inconsistencies in style to enable the story move forward a bit quicker and I thought that the author wrote himself into a corner (to create some suspense) at one point that he did not get out of too convincingly.If you liked this story I would suggest reading Flowers for Algernon.
Kaplan does a superb job of walking the reader through the incredibly complex events between election day and Gore's final concession to George W. Bush. Ideally, this book should be read together with Jeffrey Toobin's "Too Close to Call," because both books cover the same events from different perspectives. Both writers are pro-Democrat, but where Toobin blames the Democrats for being gutless, Kaplan attributes the blame for Gore's defeat in a surprising way: Kaplan blames the liberal-based custom of judicial activism, and Justice Anthony Kennedy in particular, for the sequence of events that ended in Bush's victory.Kaplan's argument, coming from a liberal, is an unusual one: He argues that Roe v. Wade, the pivotal 1973 abortion case, was a debacle of judicial interference in the legislative process, and established the pattern of judges intervening in anything that they wanted to tinker with. The legal reasoning behind Roe v. Wade was that some judges imagined there might have been a right to privacy somewhere in the Constitution, even though that wording does not appear anywhere.Fast forward to 2000, and we have the spectacle of Justice Kennedy as a key swing-vote on the Supreme Court, intervening in the presidential election merely because he had a whim that his judgement would be better than anyone else's. Thus, for those who accept this author's reasoning, we have the rich irony of Roe v. Wade leading to a judicial coup d'etat by a conservative-controlled Supreme Court. Somewhere along the way, the Supreme Court has declared itself to be dictator over the executive and legislative branches.Writing in the summer of 2001, Kaplan says, "George W. Bush may be forgotten soon enough. His presidency is accidental and the tranquil times don't cry out for leadership."  Oops! Well, few anticipated what would happen a few months later.
As part of Amazon's Vine review program, I received an advance reader's copy of the novel Gods Behaving Badly by Marie Phillips. The premise was enough to interest me, and the author did an excellent job on her first novel. The off-beat situations, dialogue, and humor had me ignoring some other things I *should* have been doing, as I didn't want to put the book down.The gods of Olympus are no longer lofty immortals living in splendor and luxury. Instead, they're living in London, stuck in a run-down house that is aging much faster than they are. They have real jobs in the mortal world, such as dog-walker (Artemis), bartender (Dionysus), war coordinator (Ares), and a 1-900 phone sex operator (of course, Aphrodite). Their problem is that their powers are slowly running dry, and they're not sure whether they'll find a solution before the world comes to a crashing halt. As in, who will make sure the sun continues to rise if not for Apollo? Against a very strict set of rules, they hire a mortal (Alice) to keep the pig-sty of a house clean. But this goes awry as Apollo, struck by a love arrow from Eros (a plot by his mother Aphrodite), falls madly in love with Alice and attempts to seduce her. Alas, the attempt is rebuffed. In a snit, he has her killed by a lightening bolt from Zeus (the crazy god locked up in the attic). This greatly upsets the (unspoken) love of her life, Neil. Apollo attempts to apologize (once he figures out the meaning of the word), but the display of his godly power fails when removing the sun saps the rest of his strength and puts him into a coma. Obviously, without a sun, things are quickly becoming problematic around the city. Artemis has to turn Neil into a hero in order to venture into the underworld, win back the life of Alice, *and* try to reverse the whole sun debacle before everyone on earth dies. Just another day in the godly realm... :)The initial premise of Olympian gods trying to survive on earth disguised as mortals was unique, and it allowed for some great comedy. All the attitudes and attributes of each god was played to the fullest, and Phillips captured it to perfection. Apollo's vanity and arrogance, Artemis' hunting and strategy, Aphrodite's cavalier use of sex to get her way... All funny, and all spun out to their logical uses in the real world. It reminded me of a dysfunctional fiction/fantasy reality show, only one that I could laugh at. Guess gods are better material for me than humans in that context. :)I hope this isn't/won't be Phillips' only novel. Her sense of comedic timing in both context and conversation is excellent, and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this book to most of my friends (once I warned them that the language and mental images *can* be rather explicit at times).
This is an enormous book and very detailed - sometimes tedious with so much detail.  But if you appreciate Bill Clinton as President, you will be very interested to learn so much about his history as a young man and politician in Arkansas.  When you look at how little is getting done in Washington today with a President and Congress of the same party, you marvel to recall how much was accomplished when Bill Clinton was President and the Republicans were in control of Congress.  This man is as complex a person as Lyndon Johnson, was very effective as Johnson was with his domestic agenda, and certainly did a better job with foreign policy than Johnson.  He is also fairly candid about his public shortcomings, and thoughtful about how his weakensses and strengths are interwoven.
This is a most unusual book, in several ways.Taking place in China from the early '60s through the early '80s, it is the story of a married doctor in the Chinese army as he tries to divorce his tradition-bound peasant wife to marry Manna Wu, a more modern and educated nurse. Year after year, his wife agrees to the divorce, only to withdraw her consent at the last minute, so that Dr. Lin Kong and his intended new wife are forced into "waiting" for 18 years to pass, when by law Dr. Lin can divorce his wife without her consent.This sounds like a highly romantic love story full of passion and longing, but it is not that at all. Instead, the "lovers" seem strangely complacent about their situation, both deciding at various times that waiting is not the answer. Lin Kong even tries twice to help Manna Wu find another man to marry. And when their waiting is over, the outcome is not happily-ever-after.The portrait of China provided here is very interesting and revealing. picturing as it does a society in transit, with superstitious peasant life and the new order of the People's Revolution present at the same time. Dr. Lin Kong is portrayed as a man constrained both by the heritage of the past and the laws of his new present. The author, Ha Jin, was himself a member of the People's Revolutionary Army before coming to America in the 1980s, so he can probably be trusted to be providing a true analysis.The writing is unique for the time (published in 1999), in that it is extremely straight-forward and without embellishment or emotion, almost choppy, in fact. Yet somehow this style seems to reflect the content perfectly, since the characters all seemed to be almost emotionless.At the end, I could not decide exactly what the author intended I should take away from the reading. Should I believe that both the old ways of China, with its arranged marriages, and the new ways of China, with its strict laws of conduct and decorum, sapped the romance out of male-female relationships? Should I believe that Lin Kong is a flawed human being, with concern only for his own comfort and well being? Should I consider this an allegory for the aphorism, "Be careful what you wish for"? Maybe all of the above?This novel was the National Book Award winner in 1999, and I found it fascinating, but I still can't decide what to think about it exactly.
A story that will keep you reading on and on and then wishing that this story never ends. So read on and enjoy.
this witty little book makes my son laugh at loud. i recite it in the car as we're driving along and he always can sing the refrain. he's learned about whales, India, drooping roses:  i love all the new words this book  introduces and the silliness of it all.  this is a classic book i am  willing to bet my son will STILL be able to recite from memory when he is  in college
Good book! Nice over view of option, not enough to start trading , u need more book to read, good luck
Everything you need, to see the full scope and sequence of teaching reading! It's a must have for elementary teachers. I loaned my earlier version and didn't get it back. So I purchased this new edition to replace it! Invaluable book!
This book provided information about various boats one might encounter while web shopping used boats, all in one place, saving a lot of time on the web. It was very helpful in making comparisons.
Extremely pleased with the purchase and reading experience.  The book covers everything I know about and much more that I didn't.  I was able to make oscillators, from the explanations given, on excel and was able to make the charts.  The Chande Momentum Oscillator is an added, and needed, tool for my analysis for investment.  I bought this book because it was the one called out in the Yahoo charts trying to explain the Stoch Oscillator; which, I wanted to understand, and now do.
Although this book lacked detail, the morals and themes of it was the important part. It centers a lot around family and is a real "feel good" book for people of all ages. Probably one of the better books for families to read together.
Good reference for the QB program. Very informative and essential for the desktop if you run QB. It has paid off for me.
This book is one of the most exciting books I've read in a long time. I almost couldn't wait for an explanation on how something as complex as the verb endings in some languages could arise naturally. The fact that I knew nothing about it beforehand contributed to keeping the suspense, of course, but the book is written for laymen, so I think most people who actually read this book will feel the same. It was so satisfying to finally understand how the verb endings and other complex structures (like case endings in latin) could have arisen. The author also has an interresting chapter on how the structure in semitic languages could have arisen, with their pure consonant roots (like s-l-m, the root behind islam, muslim, salam and many other words). This chapter is more speculative than the rest of the book (the author admits as much), but it seems entirely plausible, and the author works at a department for near eastern languages, so I would think he knows something about semitic languages.The book is also well-written, and at times quite funny (at one point even hilariously so). It has certainly given me a taste for more, and I will definitely read "Through the Language Glass", another book by the author.
&#8220;In the souls of the people the grapes of wrath are filling and growing heavy, growing heavy for the vintage.&#8221;It&#8217;s a bad time for the Joads and it&#8217;s a bad time for Oklahoma and it&#8217;s a bad time for America. Finally, the Joads pack up or sell everything they have and take off for California. There are ominous warnings along the way that California may not be all it has been made to be, and all of the warnings come true, but the Joads have nowhere else to go and so they stay and try and do the best they can, as they slowly wither away.I read this first in high school and loved it then, though I didn&#8217;t understand a lot of it. Now, forty years later, it&#8217;s as good as it was then, or maybe better. What a story. Life, death, work, hunger, pain, cruelty, kindness...it&#8217;s all in this book.If you want to pick one good book to read this year, I&#8217;d say for you to read this one. It will stick with you. So much so that you may want to read it again in forty years and see what you take away then.
The Fortune at the Bottom of the Pyramid is a definitive account of the need for inclusive capitalism in the world we live today. CK Prahalad sets the tone by arguing that the poor of the world must not be a constituency. Instead, key players like the private sector, NGOs & governments can enable dignity & choice to the poor, and, in the process, realize huge profits.The book is split into 2 parts. In the first, CK Prahalad builds a framework for poverty alleviation by arguing for large-scale entrepreneurship & innovative approaches to design and delivery. He posits out that only 2.5 billion individuals have a per capita income of over $1500 (in terms of purchasing power parity), thereby leaving the vast majority of 4 billion at the BOP. Any BOP solution, he adds, must be scalable enough to be transplanted onto a different country. A forceful argument is made that endemic corruption at the BOP can indeed be addressed.The second part takes us through 12 exhaustive case studies of companies that have realized immense profits while providing solutions / products to the BOP.- To solve the problem of Iodine Deficiency Disorder that could affect 20% of the Indian population (almost all of them belonging to BOP), Hindustan Lever came up with a holistic approach that encompassed manufacturing, supply chain, local distribution, communication, pricing, packaging & wastage. Thanks to a unique manufacturing technology called K15, Iodine in Annapurna Salt is neither released in extreme storage conditions nor under heat-intensive Indian cooking. Instead it is released only when it comes in contact with the acids of one's stomach, thereby ensuring that the right amount of iodine is absorbed.- In the world of prosthetics, Jaipur Foot has no equal. Sold for $30 compared to  over $8000 in advanced countries, the Jaipur Foot allows the individual to perform a lot more functions, viz. sit cross-legged, squat, walk long distances & on uneven grounds. Through rapid improvements in manufacturing, it is now possible to have a custom fit made in 4 hours. Its founders never applied for a patent & have been able to bring down their cost per unit to under $12.50. Jaipur Foot is sold today in 19 countries.- A doctor at Aravind Eye Care, the largest eye-care system in the world, performs 2600 surgeries per year compared to the Indian average of 400. Only 40% of its patients pay. Those that do shell out $50 for a cataract surgery. Through relentless process optimization & efficiency, Aravind Eye Care has succeeded in lowering its costs & ensuring that doctors focus only on what they do best, viz. perform surgeries.- Innovative approaches to evaluating creditworthiness of a BOP customer at Casas Bahia in Brazil, providing home building solutions to people who save for 70 weeks (and `freezing' costs for the entire period) at Cemex in Mexico and creating sustainable self help groups by ICICI Bank in India are other notable examples.All in all, a wonderful read on how thoughtful & innovative approaches can transform the poor and widen the addressable market for the private sector. Highly recommended!!!
Many Linux books are of very little use if you're not an absolute beginner or running a large network. This book was perfect for intermediate users and contains something for any skill level.
I have to admit up front that I really don't like reading finance type books.  But I wanted to know more about credit scoring and what to do to keep my score the best it can be.  I was *very pleasantly surprised* at this book - it is extremely thorough but also very readable and interesting.The author first explains credit scores and how credit reporting works.  She covers ways to protect your credit score and then she covers ways to repair your credit if you've had problems.I thought the author did a great job making it all understandable to the lay person, and I appreciated that she was non-judgmental about people who have had problems and need to repair credit.  She wasn't preachy at all.This is a great book - I don't have a single negative thing to say about it.  I recommend it for all adutls [and young people] to read - it is vital knowledge in this day and age!
Overall, this program is a great tool for those wishing to learn spoken French. Whether you are a total beginner or you've learned French in school with little success and want a new approach, you will find this Michel Thomas' program useful. Keep in mind, this is only a basic introduction and you will  learn only present tense and a little bit of future tense. To go beyond that, I would imagine you'd need to study Michel's language builder and French Advanced programs.With this program you WILL learn basic French quickly and easily. Within minutes of starting, you will be constructing basic sentences. Michel Thomas has a unique way of introducing new concepts to you by tying them to information you already know about the French language but don't know that you know. From there, he slowly adds more and more information and it's so much fun that you don't even realize you're learning.My only qualm about this program, and hence the four stars, is the female student. Her inability to get it after the eighteenth explanation is extremely frustrating and I found myself finally losing it and shrieking "Voulez VOUS for crying out loud!!!" at her. When you listen to CD #1 you will understand why. Her slowness and confusion wasted a lot of time and caused a lot of tension and impatience for me, the student. If both students were at an average or above intelligence level (such as the other student in the program), then this program would be a lot more fun.Overall, highly recommended for someone who wants a quick and easy French introduction. But, realistically, if you want to become fluent and well respected by native French speakers, you will need many more programs and courses (not to mention practice, practice, practice!) in order to advance to a much higher level.
&quot;Holy Blood, Holy Grail,&quot; by Michael Baigent, is a good book make no mistake about it, but I found the OVER editing in it a little annoying.  I say, leave in some the the no no's you were told not to do in Engliah class and your reader will enjoy the story more !  At least I do!  When the writer takes out too much of the orginal stuff he/she writes the books seem more bland and less interesting! (Just a thought!)
This is a fun book, filled with colorful pictures. My kids just love to read it over and over again. Another good one by Syd Hoff.
The very Bible of reengineering - perhaps the most heard attribute of the book I came upon. So, let's see the magic from inside. I'll be top manager  in no time.Situation changes dramatically after you finish the book in  a hurry, seeking for golden formulas and almost alchimistic knowledge. Then  you talk to some friends that have made previous attachments to the book  and you find out that they also are a bit disappointed about it. So the  ground is set for the second round.The book itself is no revolution  because all the things were known to almost everyone five years ago. But no  one - and that is what this book has brought to life - thought about this  postulates so differently. Why do you need a commercial specialist for  field X in your company? Because it has always been here. OK. If the  process should go that way, employ him in a different position. Have you  gained anything? You have? Good. Now move on. When you come to the finish,  everything may look much better, but also may not. That is the challenge of  business.All good things are relatively simple and so is that book.  The topics related are vast. I don't know them so good to recommend  anything further. But change of thoughts caused by this book would suffice  for some time.
Not wordy, just to the point. Combined with the PMBOK would allow for a good to great proposal.
Julia Glass has a undeniable gift for writing, all the more astonishing since it is her first novel.  I was immediately drawn into the lives of the characters who are fully realized and compassionately drawn, and I longed for more when I finished her novel.  Although she writes of current issues, I had the sense that the reader was being transported to a different time, perhaps when Henry James and Edith Wharton crafted works of elegant fiction.  I look forward to future gems from Ms. Glass.
Yes, I still use a Palm Pilot and was going crazy trying to figure it out.  This book had the answers I needed.  So glad.
I read through this completely in about two hours.  This is a series of many very short two page chapters that deal with how you should treat others and respond to them in both love relationships, and friendship relationships.  It also covers how you should expect to be treated kindly in return.This long list of rules of behavior in relationships has an emphasis on dealing with others with kindness and integrity.  It covers such topics as doing small favors for your significant other and knowing that when he/she does small favors for you, it is a way of showing love.  One chapter mentions not marrying someone unless you are sure.  Much of this advise seems self evident and much of it is things we often forget in long term relationships, things like always being as attractive as possible instead of being an eyesore to our partner.One rule is being tactful and sensitive toward our friends rather than mentioning things that might make them uncomfortable.  And the importance of always acting lovingly towards others and doing favors for others is stressed.Another rule is never staying with a partner who just doesn't care about you.  One would think, as I said, that this would be self evident to people and yet there are plenty of people who need to see this rule in print to really think about applying it in their own lives.I enjoyed this well thought out easy to read self help book and feel that it should be a huge help to lots of people in their daily lives.  I think almost everyone can find benefit in this book in at least a couple of chapters if not more.  In particular, it is a must read for all couples in relationships.  If both partners can follow all these simple common sense rules, the relationship should last and be a happy one.
Frank and April Wheeler, a young couple, live in western Connecticut.  Frank's parents had been older.  In high school he was not a social success.  April's parents had been jazz age types.  She had been raised by a sucession of aunts.The Wheeler children are named Jennifer and Michael.  April has a part in THE PETRIFIED FOREST, in an attempt to create community theater.  She doesn't do well when the leading man playing the part is changed at the last minute.The Wheelers have friends in their development, Shep and Milly Campbell.  Shep Campbell has always felt that he is missing out on cultural events happening elsewhere.  When Frank turns thirty he feels middle-aged.  At Columbia he had been someone with promise.  He works in the city at the headquarters of Knox Business Machine Company.  He works in a cubicle.In a moment of derangement April and Frank decide to move to France permanently.  The Wheelers agree that the whole country, America, is filled with rotten sentimentality.  Many twists and turns of fate ensue.The portrayal of the nineteen fifties is dead-on.
I been wanting to read this book for some time now and just started reading it  few days ago.  It is very good and author did a great job in writing it.
Q: So what is this book about?A: Hmm, that's a pretty good question. There are issues of race involved, and racism, but you probably guessed that from the title. Honesty and values are questioned and examined. And national pride is also a going issue. And comparative wealth. But these aren't really what the book is about. It's more about... well, you'll just have to read it.Q: That sounds like a cop-out. Didn't you read the book yourself?A: Of course I did. I just finished reading it last night, around suppertime.Q: Then why can't you give me a rundown of what the book's about?A: Because it's a complex and sophisticated book. Author T. Coraghessan Boyle creates characters who represent both literal and supra-literal themes, contrasting the extremes of the economic spectrum in Southern California. His use of symbolic language and imagery is on a par with Ernest Hemingway and William Faulkner. He consciously makes us think of modern issues in terms that were defined in other eras by writers like Voltaire, Aristotle, Keats, Jefferson, and Rousseau. This is an important and meaningful work. You really ought to read it.Q: Sounds like the boring "literature" I had to read in high school that didn't even pretend to communicate with me. Is this going to be as dull as those books were?A: Not hardly. I found it gripping reading. I put off preparing dinner to have time to read this book. I was late to class behind the time I spent reading this book. I missed my bedtime because I didn't want to stop reading this book. There are a lot of painfully dull books out there that we read because we're told we ought to, but not this one. You'll want to spend time reading this book, even as it challenges your assumptions.Q: But that's not what this book is really about. Can you give me a thumbnail plot summary?A: Sure. Delaney Mossbacher is a red-haired writer in his forties with liberal leanings and a tendency to become passionate about issues, living in California, though born on the East Coast-notably, this is a description that also applies to Boyle. C&aacute;ndido Rinc&oacute;n is an illegal immigrant from Mexico, camped with his wife in a grassy creek valley in the middle of L.A.Each is afflicted with his own worries, and each invests the same weight in his respective worries, though their respective circumstances mean they have very different worries. Delaney frets about the environment, racial parity, crime, and making payments on his house and car. C&aacute;ndido worries about getting work to buy food, and whether his wife will be able to give birth in a hospital. Both are afflicted by a common seeming curse: everything either one tries to accomplish ultimately fails.One day Delaney accidentally hits C&aacute;ndido on the road, leaving the poor immigrant wounded and unable to find work. If C&aacute;ndido goes to a hospital, the INS will deport him, so he accepts $20 from Delaney and slinks off to heal. All this happens right on page one and the next few pages-Boyle isn't interested in wasting the reader's time with slow set-up, and heads straight for the meat of his story.From that one accident, the lives of the two men and their families move in tight orbits around each other, though they never discover it. They can't communicate, because they don't share a common language, and they're doomed forever to misunderstand one another. Each thinks the other to be something he isn't, and as they wade through a morass of non-comprehension, leading to a cataclysmic confrontation, both watch everything they thought they knew about themselves and the world around them crumble under the weight of suspicion, ignorance, and doubt.You really ought to read the book.Q: But you make it sound like there's even more going on than just the plot. What all is this book trying to tell us?A: It's about California. The two characters are emblematic of the spirit and nature of the state. Bear in mind, the California of the Beach Boys hasn't existed since about 1974. California is a divided state. Wealthy white people like Delaney get ahead by working and living with a go-go-go drive that leaves them too occupied to enjoy anything they've accomplished. These people are dependent on the working poor like C&aacute;ndido for cheap, plentiful labor, but they despise these aliens for the very reason they need them-they work tirelessly, cheaply, plentifully, without paying taxes or being regulated.Q: Is California really like that?A: By and large. When I was younger I thought the Beach Boys' California must still exist, especially since I didn't notice the kind of life Boyle describes when I was attending high school in San Diego. However, that was over ten years ago. Having gone back as an adult, I have seen that California is a fragmented state, carved up into characterless subdivisions, ruled by glossy high-tech corporations, and consuming more of the natural world than it returns. The success-oriented California culture leaves no room for slacking off, and eats the few remaining pleasure-seekers and beach-bunnies for lunch. And it's fueled by the bulk labor of the inexhaustible supply of illegal immigrants that cross the border every day. It's all there to be read, you really ought to read the book.Q: But what is the book ABOUT?A: Everything I've said and more. It's sophisticated literature and it's lunchtime reading. It's brutally honest and it's humane. It sympathizes with the characters even as it's damning them. There's only one thing I can say about it: you really ought to read the book.
The authors point out that most of the world's marketing goes to the richest 14% of the world's people but that 86% of the world's people live in the third world with an income of less than $10,000 a year. This book is about these people and how to market to them. The $10K people are in the industrializing countries. There are still a lot of people down at the very bottom of the scale, say less than $1,000 a year, but they present a different set of problems.There are, of course, a lot of large, very successful companies in the third world. There are also a lot of foreign companies that sell there very successfully. There may be more foreign companies that have tried to sell in the third world and ran into really big troubles. The authors list some of these, especially where foreign companies have tried to move the marketing plan in its entirety to a different culture. They didn't mention it, but I was reminded of Chevrolet's decision to market their Nova automobile in Mexico and other Spanish speaking countries. 'No va' in Spanish means 'no go.' Not, perhaps, the best choice in names for an automobile.There are definite needs for products in the third world, the authors mention drugs for AIDS and malaria to name two. What to do about the increasing price of energy is another.The authors talk of the success stories and some failures. They provide some suggestions on how to get started.For the forseeable future, this market segment is going to continue to grow. This is one of the books you need to read if you plan to participate, or even if you are just thinking about getting started.
This book suits those with an interest in philosophy or Taoism in particular who also like a nice, easy read from time to time.  There will always be those who dislike having such a serious subject equated with something so childlike, and yet that is what Taoism is all about--the childlike way of viewing the world, accepting reality for what it is rather than trying to force it to be what we want it to be.For those new to Taoism, it opens the door to a different way of viewing the world.  To those not so new to it, it's a refreshing, fun take on the subject.  This book is intended to explain the basic concepts of the philosophy.  For those looking for an analytical or in-depth book on the subject, you need to look elsewhere.
"Sister Carrie" by Theodore Dreiser was too scandalous in 1900 when it was originally published in a somewhat pared down version.  Since then, Dreiser's original story has been restored and is hardly as scandalous by today's standards.  It is a landmark work of naturalism, showing the rise of characters from poverty and the fall of the rich into despair due to egotistical decision making.Oddly enough, the title does not do the book justice, for the book is not solely about Carrie Meeber, a young woman from Wisconsin who hopes for a better life in Chicago.  After securing factory work, she soon finds herself a kept woman, the mistress of Charles Drouet, a traveling salesman who routinely ingratiates himself with pretty women.  While Carrie has more than she ever hoped for, she constantly yearns for greater things.  When Drouet introduces her to his friend George Hurstwood, Hurstwood becomes obsessed with winning Carrie over.  He is successful in his venture but not without injuring her through deceit and forever changing the course his life will follow.  The rest of the novel is devoted to the hardships that Carrie and Hurstwood face when they move to New York and how the tide of fortunes change for both of them.Dreiser's story goes on far longer than it needs to, due to his moralizing strands inserted in an effort to pacify the more scandalous elements of his prose - an unmarried man and woman living together, shocking indeed for its time.  Yet by the time the initial crisis of Carrie choosing between the two men arrives, it feels as if all of the story has been told.  The middle section of the novel drags and while it is an easy read, it is not easy to keep reading.  The reader will care little about Carrie or the two men in her life.  She is vapid and two-dimensional, driven by lust for wealth and fame, while the men are just as empty-headed and egotistical, conscious only of what a beautiful woman will do for their own ego.Dreiser managed to capture a lot of history in his novel, from Chicago's World Fair to strikes in the poor sections of New York City.  He truly shows how environment determines one's fate and how it could be possible for one to rise above their station but not consider themselves happy or successful.
Ernest, Ernest, what the heck were you thinking when you wrote this existential treatise to the Lost Penis?  Lost Generation, hell, I think Mr. Hemingway was concerned with a completely different loss, that portion of  the male anatomy that seems to, ahem, stick in everyone's brain when they  read this gloriously minimalist book.  One of the few things I got out of  college English and/or Lit classes was the observation by an otherwise  pompous associate professor that Hemingway (more likely his editor) pared  his prose to the point that every word was perfect and necessary, and that  these words comprised equally perfect sentences and paragraphs and chapters  ad nauseum.  But he had a point.  The only two things wrong with this book  have to do with Mr. Barnes, ahem, short-coming, which seemed contrived to  me, and the not so subtle racism.  But the latter point is like complaining  about Huckleberry Finn, The Sun Also Rises is a product of its time, like  Finn was a product of Twain's, and if you don't apply today's standards and  are capable of holding your unease, you'll find here some of the most  elegant writing in the English language.
This is an excellent book to change the course of your life.Cathy Howell
One of the reasons I adore Rendell is because she is so adept at creating amazingly complex and three dimensional characters who are often dysfunctional, hapless or psychotic. She is very skilled at psychological suspense and I really enjoyed Thirteen Steps Down because she doesn't just focus on the crimes. She gets inside the head of the criminal allowing you to examine their thought process and dissect their madness. She does this quite well with Mix Cellini in this novel but has done it even more brilliantly in the past. The invitation into the tortured mind of the main character in A Judgement In Stone was amazingly flawless. The reason I am giving Thriteen Steps Down four stars is because the ending didn't completely satisfy. It felt a bit flimsy and tacked on, as if she was rushing to finish the story. Still I would highly recommend this book. It is one of her best, with a wide assortment of fascinating characters and an extremely imaginative plot. I hope very much she continues to write more books that focus on her characters psychological development. Rendell is capable of delving deeper into the human mind then a lot of writers, and she often does it with such stunning precisian and finesse it leaves you spellbound.
I love thrillers and this series is what began that for me.  Years after reading Silence of the Lambs I read this book and loved it.
Few works of contemporary non-fiction have had more lasting impact on the social consciousness of the overall society from which it arose than "The Other America", Michael Harrington's now classic tome on the egregious conditions under which what we would now call the "underclass" lived in mid-20th century American society. With an uncommon verve and uncanny precision, Harrington painstakingly detailed the disgusting and shocking realities of life for those many millions of Americans of both color and ethnicity living lives of desperate poverty in the midst of the affluent society. Millions of readers, myself included, were shocked to discover the extent to which this world coexisted with our own, and many of the social action programs that arose in the 1960s and thereafter used this book as a kind of reference guide to the realities of poverty in contemporary society. Indeed, what is most disturbing about anyone re-reading the book is the discovery of how little conditions have changed for those who through the accident of birth, color, and ethnic origin, find themselves inexorably trapped in the vicious cycle of poverty.Sadly, for all the glad-handing of politicians and the proclamations by global corporations of the new and more widespread prosperity of the 1990s, the sobering truth is that very little progress has been made. Indeed, in more recent books such as William Finnegan's excellent "Cold New World", Harrington's basic thesis of the co-existence of a starker, poorer, and powerless populace left stranded to live lives of quiet desperation is reconfirmed, putting the lie to the many proclamations of universal opportunity and promise that politicians now ballyhoo.  The book, which was first published in the early 1960s, was required reading for most introductory sociology and contemporary history courses, and millions of young academics first learned of the extent of the national problem through a reading of this book. It is, in that sense at least, a modern classic.  Harrington's basic thesis is incontrovertible; poverty is extensive and endemic, and is usually hidden from the view of most affluent Americans due to the ways in which the two subcultures coexist in modern society. Through the de-facto residential segregation of the two elements of the society, there is little meaningful contact, and the media tends to ignore the facts of the existence of the underclass, portraying arch-types which conform more to the sensibilities of the more affluent segments of the society that regularly view its programming and enforcing unrealistic images of what exists. As a previous reviewer commented, we no longer habituate the same environments, and we tend to avoid all unnecessary contact with anything to do with this other world of poverty and want. What Harrington originally described in such anguished and inflammatory terms, hoping to purposefully ignite America's slumbering conscience, has instead become a permanent feature of our conscienceless socio-cultural landscape.It is a sad truth that Harrington's book is as timely and as shocking today as it was some forty years ago. His account of the fate of millions of impoverished people of color and ethnicity remains as cogent and as relevant as it was then. Despite the long and tortured history of the social legislation that attempted to rework this problem in the decades since, the reality of the situation seems to be that nothing much has changed in terms of the life-chances and hopes of the members of the underclass. It remains a mainstay of introductory courses in social stratification, providing an excellent overview of the myriad of the sociological, political, and economic issues surrounding the underclass, and is a wonderful example of just how important one man's vision of the truth can be in orienting others meaningfully toward rectifying a social problem. Poverty may remain, as they say, always with us, but the shocking truths found in this book still sheds the light of day into an unappetizing aspect of contemporary society we all should be aware of.
This is a delightful book, full of memories and anecdotes, with rich memories of a nurse's training in the 1950's - when Sister's word was law and no-one, and I mean no-one, dared to disobey.  That system turned out excellent nurses too; the tough approach did no-one any harm, although it might have caused many students to fall along the way.  Perhaps that's not a bad thing; it sorted the wheat from the chaff.The author told her story with humour and pathos, and she is to be commended for an excellent little book that will be enjoyed by young and old.
This is the latest (hope not the last) in the Women's Murder Club. It is another Patterson Page Turner! If you enjoy James Patterson's murder thriller books then, this is a must buy, must read for you.
Harry, of "Harry the Dirty Dog" fame, is insistent on his dislike of grandma's new gift of a coat.  His distate for this particular coat seems to be its distinct pattern of roses.  After trying to lose it in various and many ways, Harry's loss is a bird's delight.  Eventually grandma and the kids all are happy and Harry gets a coat that is more to his taste and liking.  A sweet short story with excellent illustrations.
Imperium tells the story of the adult life of Cicero as seen through the eyes of his faithful slave Tiro. At first I found this story pretty boring. Cicero is sort of a dull character, and for a story set in Ancient rome there wasn't a lot of 'color.' After a while though, the book really began to hook me. The narrator does an excellent job of pulling you into the story, especially the legal details.I still feel that Tiro was a bit cardboard. There wasn't enough info about him (other than his devotion to Cicero) for me to care about him either way. Also, he was rather s3xless... He seemed to have no passions, or interests outside work, and lived vicariously through his master's exploits. While this might be realistic it isn't particularly exciting.Overall, I found this story to be compelling one and interesting enough for me to keep listening even though the characters weren't fleshed out enough for my tastes.
This book is a murder mystery of sorts told by an autistic British teenage boy.  Christopher feels he has been framed for the murder of his neighbor's dog, and after the police take him away, he decides to find out who the real murderer was.  He begins to keep a diary of his conversations with his neighbors, and as he uncovers more information, he finds out some very interesting things.  Everything is not as it seems.I really enjoyed this glimpse into the life of an idiot-savant gifted in math and science.  The diagnosis of autism has always intrigued me, and I remember doing a project on it in my masters' psychology program.  I am curious as to what part diet plays in the onset of the disease, as there is a theory that many of those diagnosed with autism actually suffer from celiac disease, and can be cured as a result of following a special no-gluten or processed food diet.  Just something interesting to think about.  I recommend this book to anyone looking for something outside the traditional story line.The main character was slightly reminiscent of the Adrian Mole books, but that might simply be due to the subject matter.  Great book!
This book is essential for learning Russian in a Russian-speaking country. I've had several (4-5) private Russian tutors and they all teach in the same rigid Soviet-style method using some ancient Soviet-era textbook. This generally includes learning 1-2 simple grammar items per lesson and then doing written and oral grammar drills over and over. You'll never be functional like this, plus it takes forever. You have to speed up the process by showing them you are a quick learner. You can accomplish that with this book, supplementing with words and phrases you pick up in everyday life.I find that the best thing to do is learn the grammar yourself using the book and then find a tutor (this is the hard part!) who is flexible enough to sit and try to have conversations with you using the grammar you have learned from this book and who can teach you extra non-book things that you need in order to function in your day-to-day life.
Christopher, the teenaged narrator and main character of this book, is described on the cover as being Autistic. This is about as accurate as lumping the blind and amputees under the umbrella of &quot;handicapped&quot;. It is an easily-identifiable label, but not in the least helpful in explaining the specifics of the condition.More precisely, Christopher would seem to have Asperger's syndrome. This is often described as a mild version of autism, but as I hear another Asperger's parent say, &quot;there is nothing mild about my son&quot;. Christopher is far too high-functioning to fall in the general category of autistic. Here are the indicators:- Able to distinguish simple facile expressions such as a smile or frown, Christopher cannot, and further will not, interpret subtler facial expressions such as a cocked eyebrow or a &quot;resigned&quot; look. Having Asperger's has rather accurately been described as being like an anthropologist on Mars.- Christopher excels in Maths. But this is not simply a savantism, like Raymond in the movie Rain Man. Rather, it is because Christopher can follow the unwaivering rules required by pure science, and he works continuously at improving those skills.- Christopher is very precise about language. He will employ similes (&quot;He looked like he had two white mice up his nose&quot;) but not metaphor (&quot;she was the apple of his eye&quot;). When asked by his father to make a specific promise, Christopher agrees. But he makes clear to the reader specifically what he agreed to, which falls far short of what his father intended. And here I can introduce a similar example, since my own 10-year boy has been similarly diagnosed. If I ask him &quot;Haven't you finished your homework?&quot; He will answer &quot;No&quot;, if he has completed it. Reason being, if I asked &quot;Have you finished&quot; his answer would be &quot;Yes&quot;, so the inclusion of the &quot;not&quot; in my question must negate his answer. He not trying to be smart-alecky - he is answering in the most honest way he can.- Christopher does not like jokes. Well, he claims not to, but he does tell two of them. Specifically, puns. My son, too, creates riddles based around contrasting meaning of the same word. The riddles are about as subtle as a rock to the nose, but they will get better. Mine did.Christopher's condition is both the strong point and the weakness of this book. The limits of first-person narration are further constricted when that narrator begins nearly every paragraph with 'And I said &quot;...' or &quot;And then I...&quot; but the patient read will soon get into the rhythm of this speech. Despite several setbacks for the protagonist, things end a little too &quot;happily ever after&quot; in the book.Haddon, the author, was formerly a worker with autistic individuals, and he makes Christopher's closest confident his special needs teacher. I can again speak from experience and say that a great teacher can make a world of difference in such a situation. (God bless you, Ms. Lavallee!)Christopher's parents are treated in an honest way, far from perfect, often and unintentionally setting their child back, but adaptive, willing to learn, and loving.Don't go into this book expecting a Christie-level mystery, or spectacularly imaginative prose. But parents of Asperger's diagnosed children will recognize Haddon's insight at once. And everyone else will perhaps learn to recognize and possibly tolerate if not accept the condition.You'll certainly be better for reading it.
If you read nothing else by Garcia Marquez, you must read this one.  Gorgeous.
Really good book for all levels of experienced sewers. Great gift to someone. Lots of good tips and pictures to.
An exceedingly  thorough, yet entertaining, historical account of great painters of the past as well as of contemporary artists.Hughes is candid and not influenced by traditional art critique; thus in many cases he  offers a new way of looking at painters and paintings.
This bundle of short stories contains some of the greatest highlights of G.G. M&agrave;rquez's prose, like `I Only Came to Use the Phone', `Miss Forbes's Summer of Happiness' or `The Trail of Your Blood in the Snow'.It contains also another version of Y. Kawabata's `The House of the Sleeping Beauties' (`Sleeping Beauty and the Airplaine'), which continues to fascinate the author. He even wrote a short novel about this theme (`Memories of My Melancholic Whores').There are also outspoken political stories, ingredients or comments in it: (South-America) `A continent conceived by the scum of the earth without a moment of love: the children of abductions, rape, violations, infamous dealings, deceptions, the union of enemies with enemies.' (`Bon Voyage, Mr. President') or, like the Spanish Franco scene in `Maria dos Prazeres.'Of course, there are also the sex histrionics and the `miracles' (`The Saint').These stories shine through their `surrealist shocks' (`The Ghosts in August'), the evocation of the unpredictability of human fate, the meditations on the fugacity of human life and the possibility of a sudden death, or the melancholic memories of crucial personal confrontations and happenings.They constitute a perfect introduction to the author's major and larger novels, like `One Hundred Years of Solitude' or `Living to Tell the Tale'.A must read for all lovers of world literature.
This book shows another way of viewing the myths of King Arthur that we all know and love. Not only does it spin the old myth on it's ear in the religious sense, but it does so in a social sense (as far as the relationships between men and women go) as well. It is wonderfully intricate and full of fantasy, romance and intrigue. I highly recommend this book to anyone! Don't let it's enormous page-count scare you off! I read this book about once a year and every time I do, I get something different out of it. The Mists of Avalon touched me very deeply and continues to do so on a surprising regular basis. This is a MUST read!I do highly recommend that you purchase the hard-cover edition, as the paperback version seems to fall apart pretty quickly.It is also important to note that there is not a sequel to this book which is anywhere near as well-written or profound. Read The Mists of Avalon, but do not bother with any of the sequels.
Dr William C Byham, author of "Zapp! the Lighting of Empowerment" wrote: "I wish I had the book when I started my company. It is full of information I had to learn the hard way. The advice on developing price structure alone is worth a hundred times the price of the book". This best selling guide will show you how to market and develop your business into one that generates $1 million or more annually. A classic that has helped thousands of consultants build their businesses and their income, it is now revised and updated to help you grab the amazing new opportunities for consultants in this era of corporate downsizing. From setting fee to identifying new clients to obtaining capital, this book walks you step-by-step, through the process of developing a lucrative consulting business. You'll find practical, proven advice on how to:(1). Target, land, and keep the kinds of powerful clients every consultant dreams of; (2). Employ the most advantageous and lucrative bases for establishing fees (and the most persuasive arguments for telling a client you're raising them); (3). Establish your firm's image, intensify its profile, and make yourself a star through the use of promotion and publicity, networks and affiliations, and the speaking circut; and (4). Increase marketing and sales opportunities by integrating new technology into your business-including the savvy use of e-mail, computer-generated graphics, an effective web site on the internet, and more.
If you have an interest or passion for lesbian history, you will find this book fascinating!The lesbian history studied and preserved here is priceless! It may have all simply disappeared had it not been focused on by the authors. This is a wonderful look at working class lesbian women in Buffalo...I know you've seen it so many times before, oh wait, actually never before!.This is so unique, interesting and heart felt. Research on middle class lesbians or professional lesbians like the history of the DOB is more abundant (though still uncommon). Even more reason to be grateful for the work of Kennedy and Davis. In my research of the authors I have found them both to be passionate and driven in whatever they have done.  This book is no exception.Angela Brinskele Director of Communications, Mazer Lesbian Archives
This is a very interesting book simply because the author(s) bring up so many random and unrelated examples of how others influence you. What other business book can talk about the boardroom all the way to some strange third world village that is trying to keep it's water supply clean? I did find it hard to take away specific ideas on how I can use this information in my line of work. But in summary, I think the ideas can be used effectively with lots of hard work and lots of repetition since habits are so hard to change.
I loved this book!  It captured the spirit of the age, the personalities of the American elite at the time, the problem-solving skills of its engineers, the details of finance, and the energy of its businessmen.This is a big story and I appreciated the balance of elements at work.  To make this happen required engineering foresight and detailed grunt work.  For example, Huntington, in charge of purchasing rolling stock, materials, and politicians with the money he had raised back East, once sent an adequate supply of rails but forgot to include the spikes!  Such are the blunders of big projects.  We learn some business finance like the government had to subsidize the roads with second mortgage bonds or no one would have bought the railroads' bonds.  For those who complained about the financial aspects of the book, remember, no bucks, no Buck Rogers.  Money does make the world go round and it gets railroads built.Details on the Indian wars that the Union Pacific had to endure brought home the dangers and explains some of the government's policies towards the Plains tribes that have always mystified me.  It shows well the real clash of a modern technological civilization with the hunter/getherers.  One has to admit, America needed this railroad.  Tribes, like the Pawnee, who cooperated got free rail passes.  Those tribes that resisted and scalped the workers, got a volley from a Spencer repeating rifle.In Californian popular history, the "Big Four" organizers of the Central Pacific and later Southern Pacific - Huntington, Crocker, Hopkins, and Stanford - have been villified but the book shows them to be relatively clean players, hard workers, and sharp businessmen.  They deserved their wealth!  They certainly have my admiration.  Next time I have a cocktail at the Top of the Mark Hopkins, or visit Stanford University, or cruise down Judah Street, I think of their namesakes.The corruption, mostly on the Union Pacific, almost bleed the enterprise into bankrupcy before it was complete.  One fact I would have liked to read is an estimate of the fortune of Doctor Durant at the time of his "resignation."The reasons I only can give it four stars are 1) the first chapter and the epilogue on the Credit Mobilier schandal are just slow going and poorly written - stick with it though! 2) the maps are too few and mislabeled in places - the text really needs those visual aids, and 3) it could, at times become a bit bogged down in too much detail that the author's style failed to keep the narrative flowing.Still, I found the book completely emgrossing, so much so that I lugged this big, thick, heavy book on a long, multi-flight business trip - it had me thinking about the virtues of a Kindle!For those interested, one can visit the most difficult portion of the work easily.  It is the Donner summit tunnel and roadbed.  It is just off I-80 on Donner Pass Road at Donner Ski Ranch and Sugar Bowl about 10 miles west of downtown Truckee, California.  I visited and walked the cuts and the tunnels since the rails were removed and the route bypassed only 20 years ago.  The story of the difficulties in cutting the summit tunnel comes to life looking at the raw stone interior carved by pick and nitroglycerine.Another way to see it is to take Amtrak's California Zephyr.  Much of the route follows the original path although it has been modernized to do what it was built to do - handle the transportation needs of a busy, enterprising nation.Makes me proud to be an American.
Thomas Willeford is a very talented man with crazy creativity to boot. He makes such wonderful toys! And this book is fantastic for those looking to create some funky steampunk gadgets and accessories of their own. A must-have for any steampunk crafter.
I am currently re-reading this wonderful book after having first read it in 2004. I am a Tai Chi/ Qi Gong teacher and also give classes on the Tao Te Ching and I am newly struck by how lucid and powerful "The Tao of Abundance" is. In fact, it is for me, one of the very best books written on Taoist philosophy and one that I would highly recommend. This is not a "get rich quick" book, but one that expounds Taoist philosophy so that people can be receptive to the natural state of abundance that is always present. If your a fan of the Tao Te Ching, get this book and enjoy!!
This is a very readable book. Different people will relate to different examples, but as a first step this lays out the ideas and philosophy clearly and provides some concrete examples.
This book of poems shares the top spot in my bookcase with Whitman's  &quot;Leaves of Grass&quot;.  They are accessible, highly perceptive,  pertinent and intensely personal.  My favorites are:&quot;FIDELITY&quot;  - &quot;...The wonderful slow flow of the  sapphire...&quot;&quot;GOD IS BORN&quot; - &quot;...And so we see, God  is not  until he is born.  And also we  see  there is no end to the birth  of  God.&quot;&quot;SHIP OF DEATH&quot; (Appendix III version) -  &quot;...Pulling the long oars of a  lifetime's courage,  ...and eating the brave bread of  a wholesome  knowledge...&quot;&quot;GRIEF&quot; - &quot;...How am I clotted together  Out of this soft matrix...  The air, the  flowing sunshine  and bright  dust...&quot;&quot;WEDLOCK&quot; - &quot;...How sure the future is  within me.  I am like a seed with a perfect  flower enclosed...&quot;Finally, as a scientist I marvel at his  intuitive grasp of relativity in &quot;SPACE&quot; and  &quot;RELATIVITY&quot; - ...&quot;As if the atom were an impulsive thing  always changing its mind.&quot;I would be delighted to share my  enthusiasm with other readers.
What an interesting book! The character of Tom Ripley is an exceptional creation; indeed, all the characters in this novel are developed with fine nuances that make the book much more compelling than the movie (which was merely disturbing, where the book succeeds on higher levels). Ms. Highsmith's writing is deceptively simple. The style is basic while the characters are complex.Unfortunately Michael Hayden has a slight lisp (can you believe it?!) which distracts from his otherwise talented performance of the audio version of this work. How it is that people with speech impediments get jobs reading novels aloud is a mystery to me.
Page 110 announces a skillfully primed insight: people - in large numbers - behave as particles in large numbers.  From then on, it's insights galore as mind goes ah-whoom!  Critical Mass, along with Tipping Point and Nudge Factor completes the trilogy!Pavel Somov, Ph.D., author of "Present Perfect," "The Lotus Effect" and "Eating the Moment"
This series (Outlander) is outstanding I love all the books I have just finished reading number 6 in the series and was sorry to finish it.I hope there is a continuing book that I may read soon.  The characters in the books are so alive and compel you to want to read more and more definitely a beautifully sourced and well written covering of all aspects of life of the time in history,  that seems so believable that you wish that you could walk through stones just to have a look.
Lots of novels start out from the beginning where we meet the characters and get to know them...in Survivor, this is not it. Instead it is going backwards with the life story of Tender; a former cult memeber called the Creddish Society which they comitted a Jim Jones mass suicide. So now 30,000 feet in the air and getting ready to crash into the Australian outback, he then tells his story of the famous black box (which is really orange), and so he tells his story about being saved from the cult, and how is psycharicist tells Tender to make up syomptms he does not have so she can chart his success overcoming the disorders. He then goes around his daily routine; cooking, cleaning, and he has his own suicide help line which he tells people to kill themselves because they really dont have anything to live for. So now, the suicide level has risen, and he thinks that his brother Adam is killing people he knows and making it look like a suicide. So now, Tender is then found out that he is the last survivor of the Creedish Cult, and now he is famous all over the world. Before he gets famous, he meets a woman named Feternility which she can predit tragic events before they happen. So now that Tender is famous, he then has people write his autobiography (which he didnt write), and has a huge following which they think that he is a messenger and can heal the sick, and make everyone feel better. So now, with this in hand, Fetternility then tells Tender that there is going to be a hijacking of a plane and it is going to crash; that is all she knows. So now, Tender then gets on the plane and hijacks it, but their is no one inside it so now, we then meet Tender again saying 'testing 1, 2, 1, 2...'I felt this was a very unique novel by Mr. Palahniuk, and if you thought Fight Club was weird, boy do he has a surprise for you. I didnt expect like another Fight Club, but I expected something orginal and I got it. Good job.
If you don't know what it's about you'll be surprised. Don't read if profanity insults you, because there is a whole lot of it. All in all it's a great book and a classic.
By saying this book ROCKS!!!!!!!  Highly recommend it.  Probably one of Palahniuk's best books, and I've read every one of them except Snuff.
A crazy book about a cult survivor and what happens to him.  It is a gripping read, and it is by far my favorite Palahniuk book.  And I've read all of them up until Snuff.  This was by far my favorite.  The story was amazing, the crazy stuff that goes on all throughout the book is captivating.  I have to say that I enjoy most of his books, but this one really stuck out at me.  Sure, Fight Club was a great book, but this book just blew me away.  I hear they're making a movie out of it in 2011.  That should be interesting.  They're also making movies out of other Palahniuk books, after the first two: Fight Club and Choke.  I hope it translates on the big screen the way it did in the book.Still, it is the best book Chuck has written.  It is even more amazing on audiobook.  This and Rant have to be my favorites.  But this book really spoke to me.  Sick, twisted, and funny as hell.  Choke and Fight Club were decent, but this book is just over any expectations.  Read this, if you never read another Palahniuk book.
"Gemba" is a Japanese word meaning "'the real place' where real action occurs: where products are developed ... and made, and where services are provided. [Improvement] should be focused [in gemba] where they'll do the most good."Software developers and testers: enjoy reading a quality improvement book that puts you and your work at the center. Managers and executives: be refreshed about what your workers need from you, and what you can expect of your workers.Masaaki Imai has half a century of experience helping companies continuously improve. The quality challenge for software companies is how to interpret these ideas in software development as opposed to manufacturing. Read this book and ask yourself: where is gemba in your company?
If you are a fan of Claude M. Bristol's book THE MAGIC OF BELIEVING, then do yourself a favor. Get this tape and play it often, especially when you feel yourself surrounded by doubts and negativity. At once you will be reminded of all the simple but powerfully effective principles that are to be found in this timeless classic.And if you are unfamiliar with the book? That's okay. The abridged audio tape version stands alone quite well. So even those who haven't got time to read the full text of the original book will still come away with all they need to know about this &quot;science of setting your goal and then reaching it.&quot;The audio tape, like the book, works best when you apply what you have learned consistently, on a daily basis. So what better way to do that than to listen to a section here and there: in the car, on your lunch break, or just as you are drifting off to sleep at night? Believe it or not (no pun intended), I think the shortened cassette version of Mr. Bristol's book is even more powerful than the book itself. It cuts to the essence of the book in a way that excites the listener's imagaination.
Okay, I confess - though I read much of Diana Wynne Jones's oeuvre in middle and junior high school, I'd almost forgotten about her books until I went into Harry withdrawal post-Goblet.  How stupid of me - this is a wonderful writer whose books are definitely not just for kids.  I now regularly search the racks whenever I wander into a bookstore (in other words, every few days) and was thrilled yesterday to find this title, which I hadn't read before.On to specifics - I'm not going to summarize, that's done adequately elsewhere - but to start with, I could not put this book down.  I started reading it around 12:15 AM, thinking "I'll just read a few chapters, whet my appetite, then go to bed."  Nice try.  420 pages later, it was 3 AM and I was quite tempted to read the whole thing again.  Partly because of the writing, which is absorbing, idiomatic, and (for you fellow Americans) not so terribly British as to be noticeably odd (although I DID finally prove to my parents that yes, "busking" is a real word of British origin - for non-musicians, it means "playing on the street with your case open for money", basically, and other people DO do it).  And that brings me to another reason I love it, the musical aspect.  Besides being a manic bibliophile, I'm also a string quartet addict, so when Tom Lynn strikes out to form a quartet, I'm right there with him - one of the few things that makes life worthwhile, as far as I'm concerned.  Those scenes rang true, as well, which doesn't always happen when a writer seeks to insert musical color, so kudos there.  The fantasy and magic aspect isn't nearly as overt as in some of her other works - no moving castles, other worlds, or oddball wizards here - but is instead woven in gently, becoming more visible as the story progresses, until you realize it's been creeping up on you for a while.  Eerily believable.Unusually, the book is almost all flashback - when we meet Polly Whittacker, she is 19 years old and getting ready to return to college for her second year, but most of the story takes place between her ages of 10 and 15.  I like it - it's different, and getting all that back story in is not an easy task for a writer without letting all the seams show.  When we finally arrive at the present, the pace rockets forward - the last 50 pages absolutely fly.  Also unusually, things are not fully explained in the "Coda" - you have to work them out yourself to some extent.  Hooray for a writer who doesn't feel she has to spoon-feed readers everything!  And as a final aside, you could do a lot worse than to take the list of books Tom Lynn mails to Polly over the years and use it as a summer reading list, no matter how old you are.  Diana Wynne Jones is my major (re)discovery of the year - good kids books are worthwhile at any age; they usually don't have swears or love scenes, but if it's well-written you neither need nor miss them, so don't be ashamed of picking up a book that may say "10 and up" or "young adult" on the cover.  After all, "and up" means anything over.
One of the more accessible books on computer networks.  Very nice and simple illustrations of key concepts.  Good explanation of fundamental concepts.  Plenty of exercises.  Wish I had this book when I started learning about computer networks.For instructors, this book comes with a comprehensive online resource.  In particular, solutions and jpeg images that you can use in your lectures.
This. book was great.  I could not put it  down.  It was very well written, and I felt like someone was sitting in the room with me, telling me a story.  Very suspenseful!!!!!
I will not spend a lot of time to start explaining why this book is life changing because it should come into your life when you're ready to read. It's not a condescending thing to say : the concepts suggested in this book are truly shaking the very foundation of any belief structure. In very, very brief, it boils down to (and Seth repeats this a lot) : YOUR LIFE IS THE RESULT OF YOUR THOUGHTS AND BELIEFS ABOUT IT. No more, no less. No God, no mission, no point, no purpose. Just up to you.Good night and Good luck.
An excellent book, but very sobering. Based almost exclusively on memoirs, private letters and newspaper articles, it relates the British experience of WWI on the Western Front from the view of the individual soldier. It's not a history of the war, nor does it cover the British army the way that Richard Holmes did in "Tommy". Very highly recommended with the caution that the details of suffering and death in the book might be disturbing to some readers.
This is an eloquent book about a very sad episode in European history, about how a substantial number of civilized people raised on Christian principles did their utmost to kill everyone raised on earlier religious ideals.Wiesel presents eloquent testimony about the terror of this era;  but, he fails to explain "Why?"  A few years earlier, much the same fate befell Armenians in Turkey.  In the 19th century, the ultimate sport in Newfoundland was to kill a Beothuk, a greater challenge than simply killing deer.  The last Beothuk was a young girl killed for her scalp.But what of Rwanda, as UN forces stood aside?  What of the Balkans 10 years ago?  Or Darfur in recent years?  Or the Sunni versus Shiite suicide bombings now?  At least Count Vlad Dracul, from the same region in which Wiesel was brought up, dealt with the dishonest.Why?  Perhaps this question has no answer.  Much involves attitudes to others;  Beothuks were considered as less than real people.  Many Europeans who took part in the Holocaust regarded the Jews as less than human;  nothing infuriates a bully more than a victim who refuses to resist.But then, how does one explain a Bernie Madoff who took the funds Wiesel had raised for his foundation and lost them in vast fraud.  Why would one Jew treat another in this manner?  Madoff can hardly say that Wiesel "should have known better."The horror shown by Wiesel shows what people do;  one telling example is bystanders throwing bread to starving camp inmates to watch them fight over scraps of food.  He compares it to a rich tourist on a cruise liner tossing coins into the water to watch children fight each other for these little bits of money.Why?  The tourist explained, "It's charity."Such examples make Wiesel's story relevant;  as history, and as current events.  Perhaps the frightening answer is that there is no answer.  Liberty is doing good for others; the love of power over others is the love of oneself.  Then what is our future?Wiesel's night didn't end when American forces reached Buchenwald;  we still live in the night of horror.
This is one of the best books I've read in a long time.  So very interesting and colorful.  I think I'll read it again!
One of my favorite books to shake up my thinking on asking a great, provacative question, as well as The Conversation Piece by Bret Nicholaus & Paul Lowrie, Ballantien Books, 1992 and Brave Questions by Alan R. Zimmerman, Zimmerman Communi-Care Network, Inc., 2003.
Love in the Time of Cholera / 0-14-011990-6On the face of it, "Love in the Time of Cholera" would seem to be the biographical telling of the life of a man who experiences every type of love there is - passionate love, quiet love, unrequited love, angry love, insane love, young love, old love, adulterous love, and thousands of other flavors of love.The main character, Florentino, seduces and is seduced by thousands of women and - taken literally - no, this is not a great guy. His adulterous affairs end messily, in one case with the murder of the unfortunate woman, and he grieves less for her than he worries for his own safety. Another affair ends after the jealous other man destroys all the furniture in the lady's house - Florentino finds that without the sumptuous furnishings, he is no longer attracted to the poor lady. He seduces his underage ward, and then leaves her distraught and emotionally abused when his 'life love' is suddenly widowed. Florentino is a breezy wind, blowing through womens' lives quickly and forgettably.Yet I do not believe this tale is meant to be taken literally. It is a metaphor for every possible flavor of love. One man experiences all these loves in a way that a real human never could - who has the time or energy? - in order to provide a "control group" if you will for us to observe his responses in each situation. His selfishness and self-delusion are exaggerated here that we may see our own self-delusions in love. We would not be as cruel or as heartless as Florentino can sometimes be, but we CAN be cruel and heartless in smaller, similar ways.~ Ana Mardoll
Regardless of what prompted you to fall in love with the the sumptuous BBC/A&amp;E production of PRIDE AND PREJUDICE, you'll love this companion book, which fills in the background to an almost unprecedented degree.Written in chatty style by the producer, Sue Birtwistle, and script editor Susie Conklin, the book begins with the very first idea (in 1986) of bringing one of the most loved books in the English language to the screen once again, concluding with the Christmas wedding of Eliza Bennet and Mr. Darcy.  The six-hour, six million dollar production very nearly brought England to a standstill during the weekly broadcasts, as an estimated 40 million Brits were glued to the telly to see this (then) one-hundred-seventy-eight year old book brought to life.  Almost no detail was allowed to be missed by the scrupulous inspection of the production crew.  A few items were anachronistic, but calculatedly so; most notably, the billiard table, and Mr. Darcy's &quot;cool-off&quot; swim.Each member of the technical staff -- director, casting, costumes -- speaks in his/her own voice, giving reasons for each particular choice made.  Even the horse ridden by Mr. Darcy was auditioned.  Contemporary pictures were used as much as possible to provide accuracy in costume and hairstyle.  Meticulous attention was given to the dancing and the music, of which there is an abundance.  Such minor considerations as the number of musicians employed at each dance venue exemplify the care taken with the production.  Equally so, the food (of which there was more than enough to make the actors as well as the table groan) was specially prepared from recipes of the time by the appropriately-named chef for the series, Colin Capon, who specializes in period food for the BBC.The book abounds with color photos, delineating in great detail how reality-based this production really was. In the end, however, it is the broad shoulders of Colin Firth as Mr. Darcy upon which the success of the production rests.  As the physical embodiment of the absolutely perfect Regency hero, he smolders wonderfully through the first three hours, sounding very like the young Richard Burton, when he does speak.  A female of any age can easily be forgiven for wishing his liquid, dark and expressive eyes, as he surreptitiously follows Eliza Bennet around the room, would gaze at her in just that way. In perfect stillness, those eyes express the depth of his longing for Eliza, as well as his bewilderment by that longing, unsuitable as he deems her to be as a marriage partner.Eventually, it is her sparkling intelligence and ready wit that win him to her, but only after she has brought him to his knees by refusing his first arrogant proposal. (Mr.  Firth candidly explains how he arrived at that scene, in the ten-page chapter nine, &quot;A Conversation with Colin Firth.&quot;) Jennifer Ehle as Elizabeth was perfectly winsome and charming with her 'fine eyes', a beautiful smile, and an obvious intellect, not readily apparent in her three younger sisters.Although the book doesn't specifically say so, attention must also have been paid during the casting process to those young ladies who were, perhaps, rather more well-endowed in the bosom department.  The necklines of the various gowns are treacherously low, in some cases, which, when coupled with the very vigorous dancing, could make one understand the necessity for the close chaperonage of young women of the Regency.  Not to mention those nearly skin-tight 'unmentionables' worn by all the young men!We should all concentrate on wishing for another such production, especially if it would include the estimable 'Mr. Darcy'.
I have been reading each of this author's books on my Kindle and for some reason missed Fallout.  Great news!  In looking in hopes for a newer book I found this one.  I should have begun on a non work night.  I just didn't want to put this down.  Believable plot, characters, and ending.  Fun to read.  Easy to get dug in to the plot and get fooled at a few twists and turns.  Buy it.  Read it.
Super book; I am a serious CAN SLIM trader. Re-read chapter 5 multiple times and compared my stocks gainers and losers..wow..got my understanding from this book on stage and base counts. Helping me to hold stocks during market corrections using the price maturation phases explained here. This is best part of the book. Other chapters were great too.
I found this book a good read about one of my favorite authors. It told about Miss Heyer's  research and writing habits in a clear and concise manner along with her private life and how it fit together. I would recommend this book to any one who wants to know about Georgette Heyer.
I have always enjoyed Alison Weir's biographies about Tudor history and was excited to try a fiction work.  Her knowledge of Tudor history is evident in this well written novel.  I have ordered &#34;A Dangerous Inheritance&#34; and &#34;Lady Elizabeth&#34; as well.  If you enjoy Tudor history; I truly believe you would enjoy this book.
I really did not know what to expect from this book.  Once I started reading it I could not put it down and finished it in only one day!! This is a great book and will keep you glued to the bitter end!
Armstrong's book is great, comprehensive, all that I could want and more than I could ask for in a book that helps me plan for retirement. It puts retirement into clear perspective and showed me how to be realistic in how much I should be investing and what kind of reasonable rates of return I should expect. This is all fine and dandy.... because I'm 24! This books seems more like it was written for someone just starting out in life and planning to retire 30 to 40 years from now. It tries to be all things to all people, but I would not recommend it for anyone over 40. There certainly are much better books out there for those nearing retirement than this. But, if retirement is a long way in the wait and you've got years to pass, you couldn't have found a better guide that will allow you to peak into your financial future.
I am among the many who love this series and want to be sure everyone knows it is about to become a series on The Starz network in the fall. Try the audio series read by Davina Porter. The best!
It is with some pleasure that I review Bruce Eckel's third edition of his already-classic &quot;Thinking in Java&quot;. Four years ago, I read his first edition. It had a rare elegance amongst the literal ton of Java books already on the market. Enough others must have agreed, for a second edition came out soon thereafter. And now we have this third edition, that describes the latest Java, version 1.4.If you are new to Java and are casting around for a suitable book, try this. The code examples and explanatory text are very clear. Little is assumed for prerequisites. Even if you have never programmed inany language, this will still be useful. Object oriented programming is explained in general terms that will be familiar to any C++ programmers.Plus, if you already know some Java, but are uncertain about various nooks and crannies, this book may also help flesh out your understanding. It is not a Dummies [trade mark??] book. The most complicated chapter seems to be about multithreading/concurrency. Always a difficult topic for many readers. Eckel carefully steps through the issues here in a lucid way.By the way, Eckel makes the text available on his website. But he and his publisher, Pearson, have made the calculation that most readers will still prefer a traditional bound copy, than peering at a computer screen or shuffling through looseleaf hardcopy. Which I suppose is a little ironic, given the subject material and the audience.
This book is well worth reading... as it gives a different perspective to world history... Salt... which for most of history has been an expensive commodity.The Gandhi history as it pertains to salt was especially helpful as most books skim over the reasons for the protests without clearly explaining them.However as you reach the end of the book you feel as if the author has reached his word limit and concludes without completing the work.Some of the concluding comments are on anti-caking agents (magnesium carbonate, calcium silicate and sodium hexacyanoferrate II) and additives (Fluoride & Iodine).[...]However the book fails to expand on any of this... cyanide? Not worthy of some explanation?Fluoride? Not even a mention of any controversy? It's effect on enzymes ie. cooking.Yet Iodine (much less controversial) gets a fair bit of attention. Go figure?The book fails to mention the one anti-caking agent that is probably the most common: aluminium.The book really ought to have included a bit more on coloured salts... which often have a magnificent taste... but instead it's jammed up at the end and disposed of in an almost cursory manner.Missing bits:It is intriguing that a book might be written about salt and the chemical formula is not drawn anywhere ie. NaCl (or Na+ Cl- in solution).Good detail... missed the punch line?The author misses the reason for fermentation... which is healthy because it donates many healthy bacteria to support the gut ie. it's an excellent probiotic.The dismissal of May butter while noting that it was reputed to have health properties was annoying.May is the month that spring occurs in the northern hemisphere... and that will also correspond with maximal Vitamin K2 production... which is almost certainly why butter has a reputation as a health food in this month.It was enjoyable to go for a ride around the globe... including a huge amount of detail on Chinese salt making... a country that so many authors skip when writing a book. Likewise the photos of some of these unusual slices of history were great eg. chinese drilling rigs which drilled to 4400 feet with only bamboo. Although you're left wishing there were even more of them.There was a fair bit of detail about cooking with salt: various historical recipes many of which helped capture the period under discussion brilliantly.The writing style was engaging throughout the book so you won't get bored.If you're curious you'll enjoy the book because you'll learn lots of stuff about salt you didn't know.:-)
This book way one of those books you cant stop reading! you have finish this book the min you start reading it!
I've been researching the history of the Delta blues prior to a planned trip to Mississippi to see the places associated with this music.This 1983 book by Robert Palmer is one of the best books I have read so far on the history and development of the the Delta blues, the places it started and the leading figures involved.If you're a blues fan, this book is well worth your attention.
If you love a great story that is romantic, historical, and has elements of fantasy, then this is your book--as well as the other books in the series. I listen to them during my commute by using my Kindle (audible).  I found that the Kindle audible can be used by plugging it into a special tape purchased to play CDs in a portable CD player through my car's tape deck. You can stop the story and restart it where you left off using the Kindle,  which I was never able to do successfully when playing books on CDs.  The reader for the series is excellent and her voice becomes a friendly doorway to characters you will learn to know and love.There are a number of Outlander fan websites, which made me feel really left out since I just discovered the series a couple of months ago while browsing the Kindle book store. Evidently the first book was published in 1998.  The author, Diana Gabaldon, has a website:  dianagabaldon.com, which you may wish to visit.You can Google to find other websites--obviously many devoted fans and I am only fourteen years behind in my admiration.I would recommend you read the books in order:OutlanderDragonfly in AmberVoyagerDrums of AutumnThe Fiery CrossA Breath of Snow and AshesAn Echo in the BoneWritten in My Own Heart's BloodPrequel (untitled)Other authors you may enjoy are Catherine Coulter and Lynn Kurland.Barbara
I have about a dozen Spanish books including courses and grammars at various levels, and several audio type courses, and this is probably the most learning tool/book I have. The book's method of putting the English and Spanish side by side is very helpful, but the best thing is the explanation of all the tenses, which I don't always keep in my head. For example, many people aren't going to remember what the pluperfect past progressive tense is, or the imperfect subjunctive, and so on, and this book was great to remind me about those and what the corresponding Spanish forms are.The book does this for all the different basic parts of speech: verbs, nouns, pronouns, prepositions, interjections, conjunctions, and so on. The tables and sections don't always align exactly on the facing pages, since there aren't always exact correspondences between the two languages, but I didn't mind that too much. For example, although technically English has the subjunctive tense, it's really almost a vestigial construction, but in Spanish there is a complete system of marking the subjunctive which is still very active, and the rules, although fairly consistent, can get pretty detailed. Spanish also has a second preterite tense that English doesn't have, the co-preterite or preterite anterior, as it's called in Spanish, and the two aren't interchangeable, so you need to know how they work and what the differences are.So overall, an excellent book and probably the most helpful Spanish book I have, although it's not intended to be an exhaustive grammar. Some people might find the explanations a little technical, and I note one or two people here commented on that, but again, I didn't mind that too much. This book is a great value considering it really doesn't cost that much.I only have one other book that is similar to this one, which is Spanish Verb Tenses, by Dorothy Devney Richmond. It is only on the verbal system and has less technical descriptions of the verbs than this book, which might be better for some people. The book also has a workbook section with exercises which some people might find helpful. It also includes  appendices of verb tables of regular and irregular verbs; the preterite, future, and conditional conjugations; tables for the present and imperfect subjunctive moods; and a separate table for the modal auxiliary haber.Finally, there is a Spanish to English and English to Spanish glossary with definitions of several hundred verbs, and a long list of verbs that take a preposition. This book is also very reasonably priced and I can recommend it too.
I've read the series, starting with Redbreast, and enjoyed all of them. The nagging frustration was wondering about what happened in Australia, the "big case" often mentioned in the other books. It was great to have that question resolved. Also interesting to compare the first of the series to the later books. Harry isn't quite as damaged a character here -- I wonder, do we need a prequel to explain origins of his drinking and relationship problems? Another noticeable difference: there were fewer characters in this book. In the last few that I've read I found myself keeping a list of characters as they showed up, along with a short description of their role, so I could keep track as they showed up later in the story. This story's number of characters was small enough for my 70-year-old brain to keep track of without writing them down.Consistent with the later books, the plot is complex, the characters are believable, and the false leads to the identity of the killer are abundant. I did miss Rakel & Oleg, but I guess they came later in the series.Nesb's website says the 2nd book in the series, Cockroaches, has been released in Czech. Let's get his English translator, Dan Bartlett, working on that one as soon as he finishes the 10th in the series, Police (released in Norway in June 2013).
HAVE READ THIS BOOK AGAIN AND AGAIN.  NOT A VERY PRETTY PICTURE PAINTED OF THE ROMANIAN PEOPLE BUT A PART OF HISTORY THAT NEEDED TO BE DOCUMENTED.  WELL WRITTEN!  HAVE PURCHASED THIS BOOK FOR OTHER FRIENDS AND TO REPLACE ONE THAT HAD BEEN LOANED OUT AND NOT RETURNED.
This is a pretty cool book. It held my interest thorugh out the whole thing. I liked the way it was set up like diary/journal entries. I ould definetly recomend it.
If you have not read &quot;The Wind Up Bird Chronicle,&quot; I strongly recommend it.  It is Murakami's best and most complex novel dealing with the images and themes explored in &quot;Dance, Dance, Dance.&quot;  This is a sweeter story, a kind of love story, set in the strange landscape of Murakami's parallel universes.  Although it is not quite as thought provoking as &quot;Wind Up Bird,&quot; it is very engrossing and enjoyable.
Reviewed by Vicki Landes for Reader Views (3/07)"Instant Income" promises you hear an immediate `cha-ching' and delivers ground-breaking strategies to get it.  From the exceptional mind of wealth-building guru Janet Switzer, "Instant Income" is a breath of fresh air for those struggling professionals looking to make more money doing what they love.  Switzer has been the extra punch behind such heavy-hitters as Jack Canfield (Mr. Chicken Soup for the Soul) and her approaches to increasing profit have made her clients exorbitant amounts of additional revenue they never realized was there waiting for them."Instant Income" is a collection of Switzer's tried-and-true secrets for getting the most out of a business and its common practices.  Her tactics are brilliantly simple and by merely implementing a few, one can see an instantaneous difference.  The book is divided up into several parts, concentrating on bring in cash through customers, joint ventures, advertising, prospecting, sales, the internet, even finding potentially overlooked outlets for business owners to explore.  Further, she understands the security of a steady paycheck so she's got plenty of ideas for the `intrapeneur', who wants to stay at their current job while obtaining a higher salary or a better position within the company.  She's even got an abundance of inspiration for the `occasional entrepreneur' who would like to make some extra money on the side.  Whether a business owner, an employee looking to improve the company they work for, or an entrepreneur Switzer has plenty of new solutions to try.Switzer delivers her message superbly - not only are her secrets easy to understand and quick to implement with a little extra effort, it feels like she's right there coaching you as you read her book.  She walks you through real-world examples and shares her own website resources to peruse as you begin to apply her strategies to your specific situation.  "Instant Income" contains 20 years of Switzer's successful approaches to finding customers, getting them to buy, encouraging referrals and endorsements, and keeping them for the long haul.Got wealth?  Get Janet Switzer!  Some of the most successful business ventures out there owe their success to her - with "Instant Income" as your personal wealth-building coach, you can, too.  Not only is it sure to be Switzer's next bestseller, "Instant Income" is destined to be *the* reference book for the business professional - don't go to work without it!Received book free of charge.
In Workarounds that Work, Russell Bishop models - in his way of speaking, in the way he reveals himself, in the examples he brings, and in his recommendations - a way of being that revels in the challenge and joy of work, and does not flinch nor whine about the myriad roadblocks that inevitably confront anyone trying to do anything serious in life. He is a joyful warrior in the middle of the mess of modern working life. Russell shows clearly the power of humility, gratitude, an indomitable spirit, a commitment to find alternatives and not remain stuck in ruts, and the soft underbellies of the enemies we face in everyday working life.I often say that the last of the five greatest generators of waste in our modern working world - the interpretation that we are doomed to a kind of indentured servitude called `work' - is the nastiest and most destructive of the sources of waste in our working lives. `Thank God it's Friday' - the announcement that we toil away five days of every week just waiting for a brief respite of freedom and meaning each weekend - is our declaration that we consider 5/7ths of our lives wasted. A tragedy.Russell's book is an antidote to work as toil, and full of good things.
M&aacute;rquez moves slowly through the final chapter in the saga of a great man and historical figure. Sometimes frustratingly so. But I think this may be intentional on the author's part. After all, Bol&iacute;var is renowned throughout Latin America for his tireless efforts to free the wayward continent and, when he had accomplished that, to prevent it from falling to shambles. The slow pace of the book reveals Bol&iacute;var as the tired soul he had become after so much fighting, so much toil that suddenly seemed to count for nothing. It is not a book about battles for independence or monetary gain; instead it focuses on the constant battle against death and despair.Most enjoyable of all in the book are the small gems of prescience on the part of Bol&iacute;var--whether taken directly from historical documents or imparted on the general by M&aacute;rquez--in which the old soldier predicts the pitfalls and chaos that will consume his land in the next 150 years. Though it's painful to read the cynical declarations of a man who has dedicated his life to a goal he now realizes is hopeless, these very pronunciations are what sets M&aacute;rquez's General apart as a realistic and tragic character.Though I found some parts difficult to trudge through, the book succeeds as a historical narrative, in that it provides insight into an entire continent's evolution through the eyes of one man.
An amazing story! Recommended if you like Douglas Kennedy's stories. I liked the way the lead female character goes through the tough challenges of her life.
I had the privilege of reading the book today as soon as it was out today. Its a great book it tells how the biggest runner of any bull cycle shape up. Its similar to past winners like Hansen Natural, Yahoo etc.If we follow the same principles we will know the monster stock in the current Bull rally which started from 29th Aug has been Intutive surgical,Baidu and VM ware. It highlights couple of main points for monster stocks,Great earnings every quarter, New product to the market, a recent IPO,great return on equity. If we keep the fundamentals written in the bookthen in every bull cycle one can piggy back on one or two monster stocks and change the financial condition of oneself. I would recommend one to read all the books by JOhn Boik and all the books by William O Neil along with reminscence of a stock operator which is a autobiography of Jesse Livermore.I consider Livermore, Gerald O loeb, William O neil as the best trader ever and if we follow their principles by reading their books we could improve our returns many fold. Also the books by John Boik reflects on the above great traders and their strategy.Remember three things work in stock market, Discipline, Dedication and Desire the 3D's.Good luck to all the Quality growth stock traders.
In this time where everything has to be new or is sped up and presented in bite-sized pieces, it is great to see a book from 2008 still highly relevant in 2010. As well, it does not dumb-down concepts but presents them logically and in enough detail for the reader to absorb them and potentially apply them. I first read Alway On when it came out and just went through it again.One debate I would have with the author is that the Marketer-Agency Change or Die subject actually goes both ways. Many times agencies challenge their clients to take risks, experiment with new practices, and let creativity loose and it is the marketers who push back due to their organization's culture and inertia. Also consumers are not so much in control as they are now actively participating and collaborating with brands. Thanks to the authors for this effort, I appreciate all of Booz's thought leadership and am a loyal reader of Strategy + Business.
I discovered Jerry Weissman about two years ago, and my speaking skills and career have benefitted ever since.  His approach to discussing presenting is both philosophical and practical, covering both the theories behind his ideas and their practical application.  Some reviewers look at his books and say the messages he conveys are "obvious".  If his lessons were so obvious, then why I am constantly finding myself the victim of awful presentations?  Just as a clever scientist may not be the most effective at presenting his own paper, a smart businessman may not be the best at creating a presentation for investors.  If you are still sitting through painful Powerpoint slides, then apparently more people should be reading Weissmann.If you've read many of Weissman's books, you will find that Winning Strategies has many ideas you have heard before, but the review, of course, is always quite valuable.  Of particular note in this book (unlike his others) is the extensive use of real-life examples for his various discussions.  It may seem like name dropping, but the truth is that discussing a speaking style (for good or for bad) in the abstract can be hard to understand.  But as soon as Weissman mentions a politican, actor, or businessman of note, we understand him immediately.  From Cicero to Rick Perry, Mark Twain to Sarah Palin, Stephen King to Frank Sinatra - he seems to cover them all.  Right after discussing the importance of using your hands to make a point, he brings up Reagan, the greater communicator who was known for specifically never using his hands.Business books often ramble, and this book certainly does not.  Each chapter is 2-3 pages, but is full of useful and actionable information.  He reviews how to make good powerpoint slides - yes they must be simple, but what does that mean?  Weissman explains.  Chapters on moderating panel discussions, exercises for improving your delivery voice, answering tough questions, reading a scripted speech, using a teleprompter, how to conduct an interview, and more expand on what he has written in other places.As I said, if you've read Weissman's other works, much of this will be a repeat, but I must admit I enjoyed it and found great value nonetheless.  I'll rate it 5 stars in the hopes more people will read it and the world will enjoy better and more fulfilling presentations.
&quot;Application Development Using C# and .Net&quot; is an excellent introduction to the .Net framework. This book is for the experienced developer with knowledge of an object oriented language such as Java or C++.  The first part of the book gives a quick introduction to the basics of the .Net framework. The next three chapters give a rundown of C#. Three chapters is hardly enough to explain any programming language in any detail but the book provides enough detail to make a Java/C++ programmer feel comfortable with the language. The remainder of the book covers using C# to develop programs in the .Net framework. ASP.NET, windows forms and ADO.NET are all covered with a running case study. Building assemblies is given a good amount of coverage as is security. Web services are also explained with examples showing how to use WSDL to generate client proxy classes. I especially appreciated how all the pieces were demonstrated through the VisualStudio IDE.  This was the first book I read on .Net and after having finished it I felt that I had a good, if basic understanding of the various parts that make up the .Net framework. You should note that the index is almost useless. For example, there is not a single entry for SQL in spite of the book having a chapter on using ADO.NET to access relational databases. As with most introductions, this book does not work as a reference. But as a learning tool, this book excels.
This is a well written book in terms of style and substance, an excellent insight into the leadership style of one of the most successful sports coaches of all time.Vince Lombardi is best known outside the USA for his (often taken out of context) quote "Winning isn't everything it's the only thing". In this book the author shows that despite a clear desire to win epitomised by the rule Chase perfection, settle for excellence along the way, his approach was far from win at all costs.The style of the book is based around a framework of principles required for strong leadership and the detailed actions that enable the execution of strategies that uphold those principles.Vince Lombardi's insistence on personal responsibility and being accountable to oneself backup his deep rooted personal integrity which is the rock on which all his other principles are built. "You don't do what is right once in a while but all the time" stands out for me.Fans of Stephen Covey will recognise many of the underlying principles of the seven habits and should enjoy this book, though the framework is very different.Keep it simple, focus on the tasks you can be best at, practice, practice, practice and execute with integrity are not new or unique philosophies but this book brings together ways in which they have all been proven roads to success.Highly recommended.
I purchased this as a required text for a Equinox personal training course.  However, I constantly refer back to it for various reasons.  It has useful exercises that are better understood in the context of the drawings and detailed instructions.  It also has a good section on stretching.  It is also a good source to analyze aches, pains or strains and to better understand how muscles are inter-connected.  I have also used it to better explain exercises and target muscle groups to family and friends - a picture is worth a 1000 words.  I consider it very user friendly.
For those who are still interested in dear old lean and mean C++ in these days of Java and C# this is an excellent second book (assuming the first was a good one ;) If you have mastered the basics of C++ this book will gently introduce you to the power of the Sandard Template Library teaching you how to use vector, list, deque and all the other containers and how to manipulate them with STL algorithms. You will also get a tutorial on how to extend STL. Written by a master of the language, it has a clean, efficient, lean and mean style... just like C++.
Daniel Coyle's book is well researched. He has spent a good deal of time at these "Talent" hotbeds and dug for the keys to prodigies. Like other books before his, he has bad news for those who believe its "nature" and not "nurture." Because it's all about hard work.1. Deep Practice - there is an unfamiliar rhythm or method to practice that makes a "genius"2. Ignition - This is where the book gets a little vague, I thought.  Vague because this is about motivation and keeping after the deep practice after a person had started to pursue their skill set or chosen field.  However, there wasn't much insight into how they kept their motivation.3. Master Coaching - This is probably the key to pushing through a skill set and keeping Ignition.  But more importantly this form of coaching is highly important to the overall mastery and ascent to greatness.  This is where the talent hotbeds come into play and the master coaches who run them.  This subject is covered very well in The Talent Code.  Anyone who is interested in this area of development will find the information here useful.Throughout the book Coyle writes about the myelination process and how it is the key to greatness in any field.  The neuroscience have shown us the the answer to becoming great at what we choose to work hard at.I recommend this book as a quick read and it is indexed and referenced well for any further digging you may want to do on this topic.
This was my first time to read a Jan Karon novel.  I did enjoy it very much.  I would recommend this arthur to other lady friends.
Martin Gregory is in a hurry. He has arm loads of presents for his wife's birthday. Martin just makes the train. The next morning Martin surprises his wife with a gift that she will not soon forget. Martin slaughters their dogs and leaves their corpses for his wife. Martin then leaves town.Martin decides to seek help. It seems that the help Martin is receiving has opened the doors wide open. Martin is having a hard time trying to figure what exactly is real and just who he is.The Watcher is a mind game of a read! It will have you wondering just how much is your mind playing tricks on you and what is real. This book is more a psychological thriller then it is a horror novel. So if you are in for the gore then you will be disappointed. However, there is one scene in the beginning that is pretty gory. After that, the story got darker and sucked you in. I could not stop reading as I wanted to figure out what was going to happen next.Martin turned out to be a good narrator and voice for this book. I say this because in the beginning, I thought that Martin was going to be boring. So when Martin turned out to be a strong presence, I was mildly surprised and happy. This helped because it made me connect with Martin more and made reading this book go by quickly. From start to finish this book is a good read. I would suggest checking it out. It will give you a few chills.
Jack Kerouac's BIG SUR(1961) is like watching a train wreck in slow motion... horrible, but you just can't help yourself from watching... in Jack's case, he writes about the lead-up to, and actual experience of, a nervous breakdown - obviously caused by excessive booze binges.In 1960, Jack Kerouac was a man who basically had it all - his hit book ON THE ROAD(1957) inspired and defined the "Beat Generation"... but, at 40 years old, Jack has trouble keeping up the "bohemian" lifestyle.  He arranges to cross the USA by train from back East, and seek refuge from his drinking bouts in a freind's cabin in Big Sur.  After an initial booze binge on arrival to San Francisco, Jack actually does make it out to the cabin alone, and actually finds the peace and sober living he had initially wanted to find... but Jack begins to get bored, and finds his way back to SF, were he starts back on his old wild ways - but, it eventually catches up to him back at the Big Sur cabin, where he has brought the party... Jack writes about his paranoid delusions, DTs, etc. as he begins to come down off the booze after a two-week bender.  This book was a preview of the end of Jack's life - he died 7 years later, of internal bleeding brought on by years of chronic alcohol abuse.I've also lead a somewhat bohemian lifestyle (although apparently much less so, as compared to Jack Kerouac), and have been gradually cutting back on the partying for a few years now, and now that I'm 48 - one-year-older than Kerouac when he died - I finally felt OK about reading BIG SUR, which I've been wanting to read for years, but which kind of scared me to pick up, because ON THE ROAD kind of lead me down some wrong paths over the years... Now, for those of you who have wondered (like I did) whether this book would help or hurt one who is trying to get away from "the bohemian experience" - I say that it definately helped in my case (a weekend bohemian).This is a good book, and a quick read.  It is written in Jack's "classic" stream of conscienceness style.  There really isn't a lot about Big Sur, other than the little valley Jack stays in... if you want to know more about Big Sur, it really can only be understood if you see it for yourself... but, be prepared to spend lots of money... I, luckily, was able to experience the area for one night on a side trip that my company had paid me to take to the area to deliver equipment to Monterey -- I actually got them to foot the bill for the small cabin I was able to find -- the last one in town!  I managed to stay mostly out of trouble on my short visit to this "magic" corner of the Earth.
This book is great for kids and grown-ups.  It shows kids the gridded system of a dig, and the tools archaeologists use, and how very little of their work is actually "discoveries". Their work is mostly tedious record keeping, sifting for tiny bits of material, and analysis.This book does a jaw-droppingly good job of taking such gritty details and weaving them into a real book, with a storyline and characters, and keeping the information fresh and interesting.  In the end, my elementary-aged scientist got all excited about the site map.If your plans include a trip to a natural history museum, this book is a winner.
Rules of the Hunt by Michael Dalton Johnson is a very interesting and entertaining read.  It is also a very insightful guide for how to conduct your business and your life.  This book is very different from most books you encounter.  The bulk of the book is very short lesson or insights - generally about  half a page - that expresses the author's view of how to approach that particular topic in business or life.The book is very easy to read.  There is a lot of white space - so the book is not threatening or hard on the eyes. It is not necessary to read this book cover to cover.  You can actually open the book to any page and you will find some topic which is short, insightful and complete.  Each topic covered can be useful on a stand alone basis.There are ten chapters in the book and the topics are loosely arranged under the chapter heading.  The chapters are: Things they don't teach in school; Leadership; Relationships; Selling; Marketing; The Internet; Working Smarter; Gaining Advantages; Avoiding Pitfalls and Surviving the Hunt.  The last chapter is more about a philosophy of life than about business.These lessons are the result of the authors first hand experience in a variety of businesses.  The lessons are not some ideal theories about how things should work.  They are more often than not based on some lesson the author learned through real world experience.There is a wealth of wisdom in this book.  It is a great book for reading when you have limited time - waiting on appointments, flights, etc.  The lessons are very straightforward - there is nothing complex or complicated.  It would also be an ideal book to keep on the nightstand.  While the ideas are simple, that does not take away from the value - there are some rather profound lessons in the book.  I would suggest reading it more than once.There is a very neat feature for getting the most out of this book.  In the back of the book, there is a list of each of the "Rules" covered in the book.  The author has thoughtfully provided some blank space for the reader to make notes about the particular rule.  If used properly, this index can become a valuable reference to help you get the most from any rule and the book as a whole.A really great book.  An unusual but highly effective approach.  Highly recommended.
This book clearly deserves more than five stars.Like all of the great children's books, this one succeeds at several levels.  The story creates a connection for the reader or listener between humans and animals at a caring, considerate level that can provide a model for human relations as well.  It also succeeds as an adventure story, along the lines of a gigantic hide-and-go-seek game.  At another level, it helps the reader or viewer become more observant with an early version of Where's Waldo? and I Spy.  Finally, the book shows the potential for all to enjoy themselves more by cooperating to expand curiosity and exploration.The book begins with the relationship between Wallace, an orangutan in a little zoo in a big busy city, and his keeper, Mr. Frumbee.  The two are very attached to each other.  They eat, read, and play games together . . . almost like parent and child.  Mr. Frumbee even keeps Wallace's money for him in a bank.  Then one day, the door of the cage is left ajar and Wallace escapes with his bank to buy some fine clothes.  Seven more escapes follow, each following a discussion about the outside world that interests Wallace.  For each of the eight escapes, Hilary Knight provides a wonderfully detailed two-page spread where you are encouraged to find Wallace.  If you cannot, for some reason, he tells you where Wallace is on the next page.  After you tire of this game or memorize the locations, Wallace has 6 companions in each of the panoramas that you can locate, as well.  These illustrations will remind you of the best of the Richard Scarry drawings in their beautiful detail and colorations.Along the way, Wallace is found each time by Mr. Frumbee, and they manage to spend a little time having fun with each other before returning to the zoo.  What a nice counter model to the usual outrage and screaming of the caregiver who is looking for the lost child!  Wallace finds himself in a park having a picnic, a department store buying clothes, a natural history museum with a dinosaur skeleton, a three ring circus, a baseball park, a midway at an amusement park, and an apartment building near the zoo.The first hint that this could be a great book comes when you see that the story and panoramas are by Hilary Knight, the famed illustrator of the four Eloise stories.The second hint comes quickly thereafter when you read Judith Viorst's description of her copy of the book, acquired in 1964 when it was first published.  Her &quot;original copy . . . [is] chewed on, dribbled on, spilled on, exhaustively read.&quot;  Now what more could you hope for from a children's book?The third hint hits you when you open the first panorama and find yourself engrossed in the beautifully detailed, small drawings across the two page spread.  If you are like me, it takes you a minute or two to find Wallace, even though he isn't that hard to find in this panorama.The fourth hint shows itself when you notice that Wallace is trusted with the door open, even though he takes off a lot.  What is that trust all about?  Ah, you see that Hilary Knight is subtly trying to show how you let children grow up by giving them chances to be responsible with suitable, simultaneous observation.The fifth hint struck me when I noticed that Mr. Frumbee seemed to be enjoying the serendipity of the outings as much as Wallace was.  This suggested a new level of mature behavior to encourage parents to be a little less up-tight.The final hint for me was when I found myself smiling as I turned every page, in happy anticipation of a fun adventure.  Few books affect me that way.  I was glad to return to the days of being 6 years old when the world seemed totally unlimited in its potential to amaze and amuse me.  I think you will also enjoy that return visit in the time machine.  The book also ensures that your child will feel that expansiveness, as well.After you finish enjoying this wonderful story for the fifth straight reading in the same day, I suggest that you arrange to duplicate the adventures . . . starting with a trip to a zoo (or a farm, forest, or park, if you don't have a zoo handy).  You can pick five types of animals to look for.  But be sure to just explore whatever is there, as well.  You can then make a scrapbook of your visits, with colored drawings (or, if you want to get fancy, you can take some photographs).If you have a chance to go to Manhattan, you should know that Hilary Knight was inspired by an orangutan in the Central Park Zoo to write and illustrate this story.  Then, you can make a literal pilgrimage.  While you are there, remember that Eloise is only a few blocks away at The Plaza Hotel.  Be sure to visit her picture in the south part of the lobby area, just off of the Palm Court.Where's the fun?  It's all around you . . . if you take the time to pursue it!  Loosen up to enjoy being with your child more.
Painting, even if it uses codes, is the art of showing, whereas the writer, limited to words, can only proceed by allusion, by tickling images from the minds of his public. This was the challenge in Maugham's novel-length portrait of the cursed painter, loosely based on Gauguin's life. The result is a powerful and haunting depiction, as directly powerful as any painting.The story follows the downward spiral of Charles Strickland from the moment he decides to leave his stockbroking job and conventional English family, or rather his upward spiral, towards artistic zenith. The victims fall one after the other around him as he sacrifices everything to painting, not just wealth and security, but all regard for fellow humans and decency physical and moral. Yet this is no stereotype of the crazed genius. Strickland is coldly conscious of his choices, pragmatic in his idolatry, clear-eyed in his determination on a ride to hell; this is what makes The Moon and Sixpence so convincing and so creepily fascinating.Maugham avoids delving into the unknowable reasons for his protagonist's change of life. Neither does he waste time in ponderous commentary on painting or the nature of genius. At the same time, the narrator's tale, with its inevitable hearsay and conjecture, contrasts the ambiguity of storytelling with the absolutes of pictorial art. But this is essentially a white-knuckle ride from London to Paris, on to the dodgier suburbs of Marseille, and destruction in the Tahitian jungle. Almost as obsessive as Strickland's own passion.
A haunting, strange, black and funny story about, among other things, the things kids can get into when they don't have video games to keep them busy. It's truly an amazing book that will have you reading slack-jawed.  And of course, you'll think about cement in an entirely new way.
This book was not at all what I expected. I didn't want to read it at first, but was on a long trip and a friend whose opinion I respect handed it to me to pass time. I was engrossed in no time at all in this painful yet beautiful story.Evvie and Ben are in love, but Evvie is idealistic, needy and a bit insane--she talks to herself in public and lacks true purpose despite her radical idealism and commitment to animal rights. She clings to her soulmate, Ben, to the point of smothering him. The years pass and as Ben gets older and changes, he can no longer bear the traits that once drew him to Evvie and he leaves her. Heartbroken and distressed, Evvie's behavior gets more and more crazy, especially when Ben moves on with another woman. As he tries to completely cut her off, she grows more and more deranged and hatches an insane plan to get him back.As Evvie's scheme plays out, it's clear how far off the deep end she has gone--and it slowly becomes clear to Evvie herself. It's hard to watch Ben ignore her repeated cries for help, especially when they were once so in love. What I love about the book is the way it shows us how clearly this couple can never again be together, yet a part of each other will always be intertwined.
I would like to note this:  In England, the book was sold under the title &quot;Eleanor, By the Wrath of God, Queen of England.&quot;  Apparently this was considered inappropriate for American markets.  It makes me wonder what else may have been deemed inappropriate and why.I bought this book in England right when it first came out, before the American release.  In fact, it was one of the minor reasons for taking my holiday there when I did, because I respect Alison Weir's writing above all other tudor biographers and I was particularly pleased she was writing a book about Eleanor of Aquitaine, who is in my opinion one of the most interesting and romantic historical figures I have ever studied.The trouble is that Weir is an ethical Historian.  She doesn't propagate rumours in her works, and this leads, in the case of Eleanor, to a somewhat dry work which concentrates more on the well-documented men in Eleanor's life rather than the rather undocumented Eleanor herself.  This is a book for historical truth so far as it can be established.  If you are looking for rumours, Marion Meade, whose biographies are more like gossip columns than historical record, has also written a biography of Eleanor.  I reccomend that a reader purchase both - Weir for fact and Meade for unfounded but interesting speculation.I would also suggest the movie &quot;A Lion in Winter,&quot; which is one of the most pleasing blends of historical accuracy and traditional rumours ever produced.  Katherine Hepburn won an Oscar for her Eleanor portrayal.If you're looking for Weir at her best, from an era where there is enough documentation to make it juicy and accurate, try her &quot;Life of Elizabeth I&quot; and &quot;The Six Wives of Henry VIII.&quot;
Cryptography has become one of the most important technologies in a secure digital world. It makes possible digital signatures, protection of confidential information, protection against tampering--or at least provides notification that tampering has occurred--and secure authentication of users. In an age when the simplest security breeches of highly visible dot-coms makes the front page of the popular press, cryptography and related technologies are making their ways into almost all of the software products we use daily.But it's easy to forget that only recently did cryptography become available for non-government users. Reaching this point was a long and hard battle with what used to be the most secret of government organizations, the National Security Agency (NSA). Bit by bit, researchers outside the agency made fundamental discoveries that eroded NSA's ability to control cryptography. Until finally the government was forced to come to terms with the digital age where the secrets could make their way around the globe in seconds.This is the story that Steven Levy tells. Although the book tends to portray researchers outside the NSA as skillful and lucky heroes, and those inside the NSA as pompous but brilliant ideologues, it's a compelling story. The book is roughly chronological, starting with Whit Diffie's independent discovery of public key cryptography, one of the major breakthroughs that made the field feasible, the story of RSA, the ill-fated Clipper chip, and concessions the NSA was forced into against overwhelming pressure.The author outlines the development of a people's cryptography and its collision with the U.S. government. The book is about privacy in the information age and about the people who saw many years ago that the Internet's greatest virtue was its greatest drawback: free access to information that leads to a loss of privacy.From a developer's standpoint, the story is interesting because it explains many of the features of cryptography as we know it today, making it easier to put them to efficient use. For example, what was the big deal with keys longer than 40-bits that the government restricted them from export? And just how much safer are 128-bit keys? Sure, we all have heard the number of hours or millennia today's computers take to break such keys, but why those specific numbers?As with most complex controversies, both the government and the outsiders make compelling arguments for their case. Cryptography has long been the province of governments, and wars have been won and lost on the success of keeping secrets secret. But in a demographic society, individual privacy is almost sacrosanct, even though it is not explicitly guaranteed in any of the documents on which the U.S. is founded. Crypto tells the story of how these conflicting interests have been sorted out to the current state of affairs.
Excellent condition---received in just a few days---exactly what I wanted.  Thank you very much.
A tale of suffering that exemplifies the attitudes of old Europe, the injustice which boggles the 21st century democratic mind. This is how fiction benifits history.
I had a smaller hard cover version of this book and lost it. Just as well because this larger paper back version will be better to read to my preschool class. This is a good introductory book to present to young children and particularly those with special needs as the text and illustrations are extremely clear and simple.
Age 16 is an awfully young age to be abused as well as to be an abuser. Alex Flinn tells the dating violence story from the victimizer's perspective, and we learn that both the abused and the abusers are victims. There are lot of themes going on this book from domestic violence, mentally and physically abusive parents, masculinity ideals based on demeaning women to racism. Caitlin is a victim of her mother's emotional bullying and her own lack of confidence or self-esteem. She's a doormat and she let's Nick dictate things for her. Nick, usually the villain in stories like this, is also a victim of physical and emotional abuse from his father that results in extreme loss of self-worth and esteem. He needs to control Caitlin to feel powerful and wanted. Nick sits back and lets his father hurt him just like Caitlin doesn't stand up for herself against Nick. The story however, focuses more on Nick rather than Caitlin. In the end, Nick learns the errors of his ways, that his abusive childhood only explains his wounded mind not excuse it. He learns to respect himself and not feel like a "loser" (like his father tells him). He even learns to stand up against his father. Caitlin too, supposedly learns to have confidence in her talents and not let her mom or boyfriend make her feel sh**ty (most likely). This book is strangely inspirational and lets people know that they can, and must, break the cycle of violence and being a victim. It's an important book to read for everyone.
There is so much information and inspiration packed into this book that it should be an artists' companion.  It goes everywhere with me on my iPad and is wonderful.. What a teacher this man must have been!
A cute little book packed with classically "Kidston" decorating ideas.  It's a book you will refer to, and keep on you desk or night stand.
This is an excellent guide for budding photojournalists. The advice is good. The principles are excellent. One might say that this is a guide to becoming a good photojournalist while avoiding the ugly paparazzi mindset.
This book was a real page turner. It kept my interest to the very end. Sad situation for any child to be in.
i direct my review specifically to those who give this splendid and unique publication less than a 4 star review, and i can summarize my rebuke in two words: twentieth edition. this book, first published in 1910 and updated and republished every half decade since then, is the single most successful and enduring publication (in any language!) for amateur astronomers.why? the simple answer: if any fact or concept is essential to your understanding and enjoyment of astronomy or to the development for your future expertise, then it is clearly documented or explained in "norton's star atlas and reference handbook."despite a lot of cosmetic changes in formating, color and typeface, the book has really changed very little. this in itself testifies to the focus on enduring fundamentals. there are concise, clear, authoritative chapters on celestial positions and time, the basics of astronomical observing and photography, detailed information on the solar system, an extensive discussion of "deep sky" objects (double stars, star clusters, nebulae, galaxies), and finally the evergreen star charts. much of the detail information is organized as compact, easy to consult tables, including lists of the messier objects (p. 131), types of variable stars (pp. 124-127), orbital characteristics of major double stars (pp. 121-122), physical parameters of various stellar luminosity or spectral types (p. 117), the nearest stars (p.111), the brightest stars (p.111), the proper names of stars (p.105), principal meteor showers (p.92), the major named features on mars (p.77), the planetary satellites (p.69-70), all the lunar named craters, facing detailed maps of the moon's surface (pp. 56-63), greenwich siderial time and global time zones in relation the universal time (pp.19-20) -- along with many charts and diagrams. there is a glossary of astronomical terms, tables of measurement units and symbols, a bibliography of star catalogs, a directory of astronomical societies worldwide ... the list goes on and on.and all that is only the "handbook" side of the bargain. the "star atlas", laid out as two page "gores" of the sky (from 60 degrees north to 60 degrees south, along with two circular polar maps from 60 tp 90 degrees), were innovative and remain unique in their ability to convey the big picture, grand panorama spectacle of the night sky as it appears during different seasons of the year, while at the same time including all stars visible to the naked eye, marking all variable stars as concentric circles of minimum and maximum magnitude, and marking all double stars with a thin line through the star dot. open star clusters, globular clusters, planetary nebulae, diffuse nebulae and galaxies are all indicated by distinctive symbols and the labeling is clear but small enough to minimize visual clutter. following each two page atlas panorama is a two page summary of the most important, interesting and downright spectacular variable stars, double stars and deep sky objects to be found in that part of the sky -- catalog name, popular name, celestial coordinates, magnitudes, positional statistics and descriptive notes. these summaries exemplify the vast trove of catalogs and detailed descriptions of all variety of celestial objects that are available in more scholarly publications.the essential point is that all the objects located in the star atlas represent both a century's worth of observer experience as to what is memorable and important to observe in the night sky, and also what is practical and relatively easy to observe with small (4" - 6") amateur telescopes -- the kind any youngster or teenager might receive as a gift.while i pity the poor souls who lacked sense enough to return for exchange a book with an obvious printer's error, i can state that my copy of norton's shows all stars on chart #13 perfectly clearly; that the charts are perfectly legible when consulted at night with a red flashlight; that the binding is robust and the paper (semigloss, heavy) withstands dew, cold and frequent use.and while norton's cannot be compared to the many exemplary star atlases available today (the cambridge star atlas or sky atlas 2000), it has always easily assumed a supporting role -- for example, alongside the magnificant "atlas coeli skalnate pleso" star atlas published by antonin becvar in the mid 20th century (the atlas on which all wil tirion's atlas designs are based).life is full of regrettable errors and lapses. on topic here, those would include letting misguided reviews confuse your choice of astronomy books -- or gifting a youngster with a new telescope without also giving him or her a copy of "norton's" to guide their learning. it is a timeless, stimulating and indispensible reference.
From the opening paragraph foreshadowing Philip's early painful separation from his mother, I knew this book would have my full attention the whole way through (I read the 1936 two-volume hardcover edition).A master storyteller, Maugham clearly drew extensively from his own life to tell Philip Carey's coming of age story.As a boy, Philip is an orphaned loner who manages to turn his highly self-magnified deformity into a secret weapon to develop a strong sense of self-reliance and stubbornness.  This independent streak in part is responsible for his schizophrenic career path changes and his inability to commit to relationships.  (We find ourselves half cheering for Philip and half frustrated with him!)Translated as tenacity, however, this stubbornness is also the reason why he is capable of demonstrating such empathy for those who cross his path in life.  Whether it be among his colleagues, friends or lovers, to some of whom he becomes inextricably bound, Philip develops almost saint-like qualities:  "A gentleman, in every sense of the word."  Maugham, however, does not allow us to think too much of Philip, who remains as human as can be -- even displaying a nasty and selfish side as he learns of the ill health of his stodgy, cold uncle who brought him up.  (I often found myself thinking Philip might be considered a modern day codependent.)Philip's bondage seems to manifest itself in his inability to escape his tendency to get caught up time and again in situations in which he plays the servant -- whether it be becoming ensnared in loveless, one-sided romantic relationships, or assuming the role of caregiver to those around him.  At times Philip's life seems dreadful and loveless, so it is a relief when in time he befriends the Athelnys, a cheerful family who "adopt" him and eventually change his fate.This is a poignant, lively, at times witty read, filled with deliciously introspective moments and pithy aphorisms.  The plot changes are interesting; however, they are at times too predictable.  The final few chapters, in particular, seem to roll head-long into a perfectly predictable conclusion.  This is otherwise a perfectly great novel with a remarkably contemporary feel to it.  A philosophical journey into the self.
Received this book on my first day of work at IBM.It is definitely fascinating to see the history and the inventions that IBM gave to the world.Having studied electronics and semiconductors, it is fascinating to see how much IBM shaped the industry as a whole.
This is exactly what I was looking for.  This book gives a brief description of the markets that is understandable for a beginner.The kids are interested in learning about the market and this seems to be understandable introduction.
An exercise in writing a novel "through the looking glass", Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World: A Novel by Haruki Murakami and translated from the Japanese by Alfred Birnbaum is a complex psychedelic ... schizophrenic novelistic odyssey.The text is essentially two stories that are, in many ways, mirror images of one another that play out in alternating chapters and which, over the course of the novel, slowly merge into a unified whole.The two protagonists are characters that share may traits but are emotionally and intellectually polar opposites.  This is true also of the settings-the one a modern day cyberpunk thriller that seems to take place almost entirely in the tunnels beneath the streets of Tokyo, the other an ancient, walled city of unknown location.The protagonists are complex and vividly drawn.  Yet, they both exist within a framework of incompleteness and there is the sense that beneath the frenetic aspects of the one story and the bucolic serenity of the other all their actions, to the extent they can dictate them or even understand them, are aimed at obtaining a unity they can sense yet don't understand.This is a large, elegant risky undertaking on Murakami's part and the fact he brings it all off with such skill and aplomb speaks volumes about the depth of both  his talent and his imagination.This is not your typical Murakami novel. Fans of his other books need to understand that this book reads like nothing else Murakami has produced.  Don't be put off, however. While this is not an easy read-it requires your attention and persistence-the effort is well rewarded.
Every time I read this I am amazed at its honesty and harshness. The main character is a girl to be pitied, even as she is strong. I've heard people complain that so many characters are villainized, but that is because Louise is viewing (with surprising fairness) them through her own eyes as she learns to rely upon herself for her own happiness. Along the way, things are revealed to her, against her will, that not everyone is sorted into the concrete concepts of good and evil.This is a subtle, beautifully written book about the nuances in our lives and our relationships with other people. But it is also about strength and personal courage to be the person you are meant to be.With combined flavors of psychology, drama, and classic teen angsty, this provides a wondrous delving into a girl who simply wanted to be loved.
Typical Auster: strong line writing, well-defined characters, coincidence-heavy plot, a nonexistent ending.  The latter two separates Auster from the pool of countless other "literary" authors.  Nobody else has Auster's uncanny ability to evoke the desperation of loneliness.This is a strange novel, but if you've read Auster before, it's going to feel as familiar as that pillow you sleep under every night.  There's this guy named M.S. Fogg, he's an orphan, and all sorts of crazy things happen to him, some by his doing, some by coincidence.  The density of Auster's plot is staggering; the entire story of Effing, a character Fogg meets, could easily have been another book.  That whole section almost reads like a Reader's Digest version of a bigger book, but I didn't mind at all.  I don't mind efficiency when it's done right.Don't expect much from the ending.  It just is.  If you expect a nice tidy package at the end, you're gonna be disappointed.  Just take it for what it is.This is my third Auster, already having read "In the Country of Last Things" and "The New York Trilogy."  I love them all.  I'm also a fan of Haruki Murakami, and I highly recommend you check out his books if you like Auster.  They have striking similarities: both tend to utilize an unsure unwilling first person voices (faux noir, almost), work with weird plots, have coincidences aplenty, and have nonstandard endings.
Hacker's Challenge 2 is a sort of practical exam for the Hacking Exposed series. Hacker's Challenge was a terrific book for putting some incident response and forensic skills to use and practicing for the real thing. Hacker's Challenge 2 continues the tradition and should be a must read for anyone who works with network security and incident response. The style of the challenges is fairly entertaining and the plots are so engaging you may not want to put the book down. Its like a best-selling mystery novel for network security techies. It may not affect the quality of the book overall, but I preferred having the authors of the individual challenges identified as they were in Hacker's Challenge. However, you should definitely buy this book!(...)
Practice, practice, practice from the book. Perfect complement.
This book reminded me how much of my life I use presentations. I am a Toastmaster, a Realtor, and do non-profit presentations. This book is interesting and well written and I can see using it as a reference on a regular basis.
Michael Lewis has yet again proved what a great writer he is with  his lucid style of elucidation. In this book, Lewis talks about the raging 80s -as far as bond trading is concerned- and the events at Solomon Brothers during that period of euphoria. Lewis gives us a glimpse of the street- the exuberance, the egoistic, and the bizzare among the various cadres of the bond value chain, as he walks us thru his memoir of 4 odd years at Solomon. The depiction of each of the extreme characters are just great.
In "East of Eden," Steinbeck catches the subtlety of life that consistently eludes us. Steinbeck constructs unique and brittle characters out of thread--each with its own particular color--and seamlessly weaves them into a beautiful fabric of experience and life. The exhibits of fear and joy draw the reader in simply because the reader is reading about himself. The character Lee--commenting on Genesis--says that a reader only enjoys a story in as much as they see themselves in it, and the ultimate story is one that everyone experiences as their own. Steinbeck strived to create such a story, and "East of Eden" is the result.The parallels to Genesis are not as blatant as one would suspect. The 600-page novel breezes by and a majority of it can be spent forgetting its metaphorical nature. Steinbeck masterly navigates the storyline through straits of drama, introspective commentary, philosophy, theology, and simple beauty. Many of the conclusions are figurative and implied, and much of the meaning is in what is not said rather than what is. It is only when Steinbeck has let you forget the story he mimics, that he will quickly remind you, giving you an entire new context to contemplate.The novel is dark at times. Every character is severely flawed, and Steinbeck is relentless in his portrayal of weakness, vulnerability, and sorrow. Yet, every character is dripping with realism and humanity; the result is a depth and beauty to the characters that is rarely experienced. Every character is so real it feels as if you could get up, walk next door, and talk to them as an old acquaintence.The novel imitates the Genesis story in an American setting, but "East of Eden" is simultaneously a commentary and reinterpretation of the same story. It ignores the plot specifics, morals, and instead grasps the essence, the heart, that makes the myth timeless and applicable to anyone with a beating heart. "East of Eden" is more than a biblical metaphor, more than good and evil; it's the story of the birth of man: the marriage of good and evil, and their residual struggle within man. Ultimately, it's the celabration of the free will that makes us human, and the simple joy of existence.This is a beautiful peace of literature. The writing is simplistic and a pleasure to read. Steinbeck's narration is well-crafted, and the plot trods along at a lofty and steady pace.  Definitely the best piece of fiction I have read in a long, long time.
I loved this book.  Lark was a wonderful young girl with a wonderful outlook even though she lived a not so wonderful life.  My first Faith Sullivan book and I am sure I'll be reading more of her works.
Good to see that readers are still enjoying this marvelous 1905 book which makes it a century old. Reminiscent of Dickens, but mercifully shorter, the prose flows in beautiful rhythms keeping young readers and readers like myself who are young at heart poised to keep on reading to find out what becomes of our tough little heroine.Sara had a charmed life as an only and beloved child which fortified her through later immense difficulties as she fell from riches to rags. Her ability to tell stories and to help others saved her from the appalling treatment she received from the aptly named Miss Minchin. The author's own life (1849-1924) as a child parallels that of her heroine.Young readers will find Sara a loving spirit to emulate. We are truly THERE with her on every page. When she eats her hot cross buns and tea we long for the same. Although drawn out at the end, the book ends at a surprising and perfect place.
I like classics and none of the classics left a memrable place in my heart but this book, Kept me going until i was done! Amazing Book!
Eye opening and disturbing. It was an easy read even though the level of detail was amazing. If you read this book and don't believe it it is not because the facts and their references were not available. One of the most interesting pieces was how our Presidents let zealots on both sides misguide our foreign and domestic polices. It was eye opening for example what Dr. Brzezinski did to the Carter administration and how we are still paying for those misguided policies. It is funny to hear him on Morning Joe in the morning now cast as the liberal sage.
I am currently reading this book, Yoga School Dropout, w/ eat pray love and the Bhavighad Gita (SP). I again, like the last reviewer, just happend to find this book, literally while traveling on the ground and it has brought me back to my practice. It is very funny and educational.  No matter what your experience w/ Yoga, this book rocks.
...and that's saying a lot, because this author has produced some of the most well-constructed, intelligent and -- my opinion -- lasting works of our time.  I knew after reading his last novel, AMSTERDAM (winner of the 1998 Booker Prize), that the follow-up would have to be something special -- and this incredible novel is definitely that.  I've read that this novel just missed winning the Booker Prize for 2001.McEwan's characters are, as his readers have come to expect, expertly and completely developed here -- even without one of them acting as the narrator (until the last short section of this novel), it is as if we are INSIDE them, experiencing everything that they experience.  Placing these characters within as story that spans more than 60 years of the 20th century, a story that is simultaneously timeless and excruciatingly evocative of its setting in place and time, he has delivered a work that is both immediately entertaining and filled with insight into the human character and struggle.The author's research into the times covered by the book -- especially of the British experience of World War II, both at home and in the European theatre -- adds immense vitality and meat to his story.  The horrors and emotions, the physical and mental suffering, and the pain and death of WWII are brought to life in such a way as to break your heart.  The characters' actions -- and their consequences -- played out in these surroundings bring out facets of their humanity that have many revelations and lessons for us.The young girl who sets things in motion -- thirteen years old at the outset of the book -- is Briony Tallis.  Her family is well-off enough for them to live comfortably in a large house in the Surrey countryside.  The youngest of three children, she is adored by her siblings and parents (although her father is a rather distant, frequently absent figure).  She is intelligent and precocious, writing stories as a form of personal expression, which are well-received with kudos from her family.  One day in the summer of 1935, she witnesses events she does not understand -- she is a child, after all, and lacks the emotional tools with which to deal with adult situations.  Her reaction to the event is understandably skewed -- but it is her subsequent lie that sets the story rolling.  The consequences of her actions change the lives of all those around her -- and her own as well -- forever.  McEwan skillfully employs Briony's writing efforts to show us -- and Briony -- the power and responsibility that it embodies.  By the story's end -- and I'll give away no more about the plot, you should savor it for yourself -- I was incresingly unsure what was real and what was a product of her fantasies and imagination.The book is of moderate length -- at 300 pages -- but a quick, stimulating read.  While it is very revelatory about human nature and the struggle -- internal and external -- of good and evil, it is extremely entertaining and compelling, another lasting literary contribution from this talented writer.  Some of his other novels -- all of which I highly recommend -- include THE CEMENT GARDEN, THE COMFORT OF STRANGERS, THE INNOCENT, and THE CHILD IN TIME (winner of the Whitbread Prize in 1987).  His writing is filled with darkness as well as light, always intelligent -- one of my favorite writers.
From the prologue:"How can the poem and the stink and the grating noise -- the quality of light, the tone, the habit and the dream -- be set down alive? When you collect marine animals there are certain flat worms so delicate that they are almost impossible to capture whole, for they break and tatter under the touch. You must let them ooze and crawl of their own will onto a knife blade and then lift them gently into your bottle of sea water. And perhaps that might be the way to write this book -- to open the page and to let the stories crawl in by themselves."Steinbeck does just that in this collection of vignettes about down-and-outs living near the sardine canneries of Depression-era Monterey, California. The broad story is of a group of people who want to show appreciation to their friend, Doc, a sort of marine biologist and all-around good guy. It's beautifully written, evocative of men and place and -- who knew! -- Steinbeck can write *fun*. And it's all the more meaningful to know that Doc is based on a friend of Steinbeck, to whom the book is dedicated and in what grows to feel like a meta-appreciation from author to friend. Wonderful!
This is a good psychology textbook for beginning psychology.  The author's writing style flows well, is easy to read, and makes the topics come to life.  It's not as "dry" as some other textbooks are.  The chapter summaries and review questions make it easy to grasp the main concepts.  There are also helpful online resources.
This was a fantastic book.  It was different, creative and clever, and the characters were very special.  I enjoyed every minute, fiction like this is hard to come by.
Cowley was many things: author, poet, editor, reviewer, American expatriate in Paris.  He was aware of his diverse past and constantly strove to contextualize himself within what was going on around him.  Exile's Return was his first such attempt.  In it Cowley recounts his experiences in such notable hot-spots as pre-war Greenwich Village and inter-war Paris.  Moreover, he examines the movements of which he was a part within larger historical/literary/artistic trends.There are some things to bear in mind with this work, however.  Cowley returned to his past often, and often his return would bring re-evaluation.  While there is some evidence of this habit across the various editions of Exile's Return, the trail of revision is more apparent by comparing this work against other retrospectives (Dream of the Golden Mountains, View From 80, etc.).Another issue with Cowley is that he (as most, especially Modernist, writers) tends to favor his own position.  That is, he perhaps exaggerates his own part and importance.  This tendency becomes controversial within the context of his chapter on Harry Crosby.  While they were clearly acquainted, Caresse Crosby (Harry's wife), among others, thought that Cowley didn't know Harry well enough to write what they considered a spurious account of Crosby's last days.However, even with these negatives the book is highly recommended.  In it, one gets a concise introduction to Modernism, important figures in the expatriate movement and inter-war Paris, and pre-war New York.  Further, one receives a context of how these movements and people fit together.  Among Cowley's works, this is one of his finest.
We have all seen it happen.  A company is on top of the world and its future success not only seems assured, but inevitable.  Yet, before anyone sees it coming, the wheels come off and the company is fighting for its survival, gets bought out, or broken up.  How does that happen?  And why does it happen with such seeming regularity?  It is the rare company that can stay on top of its game for extended periods of time.The companies profiled in the business classic "In Search of Excellence" would not be selected for such a book today.  Nor could the same lessons be drawn from their current position and behavior in the marketplace.  This book talks about what happens to successful companies that leads to their getting into serious trouble.When I was in business school and heard stories of this method or process or success story that led to success, I was always wondering about the limits of such methods and where the limits of applicability were.  Sometimes my questions and doubting annoyed my professors and classmates, but subsequent events have, I believe, proven the benefits of good hearted doubt.Jagdish Sheth uses a good number of real life business stories from well known companies to illustrate his points.  I also like the way he summarizes his points about how things go wrong and some suggestions on how to get things right at the end of each chapter.  He begins the book talking about Digital, IBM, and Intel.  Bigger names representing blue chip success would have been harder to find in the 1980s.  Digitial is gone, IBM had to bring in an outsider (unthinkable before the crisis), and Intel fumbled its way into letting AMD become a major competitor in its core marketspace.The seven mistakes Sheth points to are: Denial (the cocoon of myth, ritual, and orthodoxy), Arrogance (pride before the fall), Complacency (success breeds failure), Competency Dependence (the curse of incumbency), Competitive Myopia (a nearsighted view of competition), Volume Obsession (rising costs and falling margins), and the Territorial Impulse (culture conflicts and turf wars).The discussion of each of these is quite interesting and I am sure you will recognize them from your own work experiences over the years.  It is too bad how we are prone to such errors, but humans are quite fallible.  We tend to stick to something we think is working until we are forced to change.  Unfortunately, things are changing around us, and the very habit of "sticking with" actually deadens the abilities to see why our approach is no longer working.The last chapter discusses why it is better to never need the "cures" he describes in each of the chapters.  It is much better to wake up before the crisis and keep your company alive and thriving by preemptive action.  I agree with him.  However, I expect that the culture of business will require that too many companies have to go through these wrenching trials in the future as they have in the past.Recommended.
Okay, if you are a romantic and you always want the characters in your novels to fall in love... you will definately love this book.  If you like outright hilarity and antics that make you giggle as you read, you'll love it, too.  But, if you especially love subtle humor, i.e. an anime-esque moment where a character is staring at someone in shock and in disbelief, and in the background something else is blowing up, emphasizing their shock... you'll love it.  Diana Wynne Jones has been writing for an awfully long time and she has reached a point in her novels where she hits the subtle notes so well that I end up rolling aroung laughing.  I was in fits for the whole last chapter (which is pretty long as things just keep happening!).This is a great book for both kids and adults.  The book is about 6 young people who are attending the Wizarding University in the world Jones created for The Dark Lord of Derkholm.  In the process of meeting each other, learning the true meaning of magic and the process of learning itself, and in trying to deal with their insane professors, they learn about themselves and about each other.  There are some very poignant moments at the end of the book when some of the kids have to dig into the pain of their pasts to try to fix themselves and their magic before it is too late.It is a great book about growing up and learning about yourself.  Make sure you read The Dark Lord of Derkholm first, or you'll spoil all of the surprises and wonderful things that happen in that fantastic book!
Wow!  Let me repeat:  WOW! Steinbeck is not particularly known for his humor, but in Travels with Charley, he lets everything spill out of the bag.  I don't want to ruin anything about this book for those who haven't  read it, but it is one of the top five travel books I've ever come upon.  (far better than On the Road, and right up there with Travels in  Hyperreality).Steinbeck packs his bags at the age of 60, and heads out  to discover an America he claims he hasn't known for over 20 years.  And  although he never, in so many words, tells precisely what the White Whale  of America is, I think he tells us the following:America is a land of  people who want to go somewhere else so they can be alone; and the only  reason they want to go anywhere is so they can come back and tell everyone  about it.A word of warning:  You will cringe at Steinbeck's description  of the American South, and realize just how different it is than the rest  of America.Also:  it is interesting to note that at the height of his  career (1960), probably only less famous than Ernest Hemingway of all world  literary figures at the time, not a single person recognized Steinbeck in  his three months abroad.  Tell me that isn't depressing for any Leos out  there with literary aspirations.  :)
Well I just got done reading "Losing It" and I'm glad I had the opportunity to read it. The book itself was a short and quick read. However, it just didn't flow well and I may have been hoping for something a little more.Although I found some of the primary information helpful, Mr. Lane could have been written all of this in a different way.1. He could have published his summarization on "what not to do" in a pamphlet.2. Then he could have written a biography on Jack Welch and how great General Electric is.Otherwise, this book is okay reading material with very good information on "what not to do".
This book focuses on boats suitable for near-shore and enclosed waters.  It provides a good overview of construction materials and methods, but the designs are limited to recreational boats.  Those wishing to build a serious sea fishing boat or boat suitable for rough open water will probably be disappointed.
This book is a must read for anyone experiencing grief or unsettling issues from any relationship whether it be professional, familial or other.I had a boss from my previous corporate job at OfficeMax. This guy was hired as a Sales Manager after I had served two years. This man turned out to be the epitome of evil as characterised and described in this book. The guy exhibited all the ghastly personality traits of the definitive evil person described in Peck's book.To recount the true essence of the personality; the man was pushy, bellicose, abusive and often belittling in the presence of coworkers. Unfortunately he was somehow able to elude scrutiny or corrective action due to a incompetent Personnel system misguided by indifference and poor management.The reason why we need to make parallels of the evildoings described in this book is to draw our own personal experiences in order to understand the essence and manifestation of evil in our everyday lives. Peck also discusses the banality of evil in which ordinary and seemingly good people passively ignore the evil in front of them. Ultimately the true travesty of evil is allowing it to persist. Read this book, it will help you cope when faced with the adversity of evil people.
This was an extremely helpful book.  I read it at a time that I felt that I and my world as I knew it were falling a part.  It helped to give me perspective and a measure of peace.  If anyone feels that they are floundering in this authors place  READ IT
To tell you a little about my background, I am the editor of the Learning Spanish Products Reviews newsletter.I am also a native Spanish speaker and a Spanish instructor. In addition, I am the author of two learning-Spanish products offered at Amazon.com (USA):1.Anna Rivera's 1000 Plus Most Powerful Spanish Words (English and Spanish Edition)2.Anna Rivera's 800 Plus Most Powerful Spanish Phrases (English and Spanish Edition)This is an excellent book for conjugating verbs. It is more of a reference book than a how-to-book. It is certainly not the type of book that was intended to be read from cover to cover. In any event, you will find that this book is a very useful resource for learning Spanish. In fact, I will say that a Spanish verb conjugation book or software is a required resource for mastering Spanish.This book is truly a value because it actually contains more than 555 verbs. In total, there are over 2,300 verb in this book but many of them are only cross-referenced to conjugation models. One of the things that I like about this book is that it contains a list of "Top 50 Verbs" so if you want to accelerate your learning you can go straight to the section on the "Top 50 Verbs" and become acquainted with the verbs featured in this section. What would I improve about this book? Well, this book does have exercises but only a few pages of exercises. I'd like to see more exercises in this book to help reinforce what the student is learning.
The idea of comparing these two iconic figures in a single book seems logical.  The author, I think, adds some suspense to the reading by swinging back and forth between the stories of these two men at points of common ground.Seemingly well researched, the author spends a sizeable amount of time to the pre-Civil War lives of Lee and Grant.  This is good, because it is the less known parts of their lives.  The post war years also get decent treatment.  It's a smart move by the author not to overly reharsh the parts of the story we already know.If I were to criticize the writing, I would focus on only two points.  First, the "early years" information seems overly long without explaining much about how those experiences helped to forge their future personalities.  Second, the juxtaposition between Lee as the Scion of the Old South and Grant as the Ideal of the New North should have been driven home earlier.  I think those changes might have helped turn this "good" dual biography into something special.My minor criticisms aside, this is a fine addition to the bookshelf of the Civil War buff in your life.  Informative, well structured and not exhaustingly long, it's an enjoyable book.
This book is written so beautifully. I loved this book. I was also read this book when I was kid. I vaguely remember it. But it was a good book. This book talks about what it means to grow up in the country. As told from the perspective from the children's eyes. I really enjyed having this book read to me. I Still remember it well.
Often business books value to the reader ends once one reviews the title, but Bob Herbold has written one of the exceptions.  Using systematic and thoughtful approaches to companies whose successes have often blinded them to forthcoming challenges, Herbold provides the reader with meaningful recommendations that should make even the most high flying CEO sit down and and strategize.
I remember reading this book as a child several times and loving it. It had a raw sense of action, as the prehistoric story that tells of a tribe who had its fire extinguished in an enemy raid (a major tragedy in those times) and of three friends who set off on a quest to recover the fire from elsewhere. What follows is like a prehistoric Odyssey, as they encounter a whole range of threats both human, animal and natural - and put their physical characteristics as well as their pre-modern thinking to the ultimate test. Looking back, it's not such a profound book, and is probably best enjoyed by children as I did. In this case, it is a wonderful read about the dawn of what we know as humanity. The sequel Le Felin Geant (the Giant Cat in English) about the next generation would also fall in this category. However, as an adult reader, I think there are more thought-provoking examples of prehistoric fiction (namely Before Adam by Jack London).
So easy to read, easy to love -- filling your heart with joy.  This book is helping me on my own spiritual journey.
Hello - just started reading the book and would like to warn people that it is quite a difficult read. Not for me particularly but I can easily see how many reviewers had trouble - at times long winded or even pretentiously worded, where simplicity and eloquence would have served better. Perhaps the author goes out of his way to sound grand - needlessly - at the expense of readability for some and comprehension for others.Now that 1st paragraph of mine is an example of babbling on unnecessarily and annoying people, as used in the book.Having said that, there is substance in this book, there are even specific scans to use / implement / program, you do have to work at it though, but if you do that you won't come away saying &quot;what a waste of time.&quot;It is also very &quot;negative&quot; (realistic - sobering) in the beginning, talking about the many ways to mess up your trades and lose money, perhaps this negative tone might be disillusioning for some people but then again, so many other books have a stupidly optimistic tone to get readers chanting success and rush in with untested systems: to lose money.Overall I think a very worthwhile book, but you will have to work at it, if you are a complete beginner then get yourself some experience + intro. books first or this will drive you nuts.Might be an idea to get your hands on one and read a bit before buying.Good luck!
Violet, Klaus, and Sunny have been sent to Prufrock Preparatory School, where they hope they can find happier times and be protected from the greedy fortune-snagging Count Olaf. But just as they begin to settle down, they begin to realize just how much trouble they're in. The rules are outrageous. The teachers are outright boring and ridiculous. Poor Violet and Klaus are the victims of their own sour gorilla-like teachers, and what's most outrageous is the fact that a baby like Sunny has been hired by the principal as Secretary! And then there's the likes of ruthless Carmelita Spats, who thinks she's the very best student in all of the school. The Baudelaires are almost hopeless when they meet the Quagmire triplets. They, like the Baudelaires, had tragic circumstances and are also ridiculed by other students. They're the only ones who understand the Baudelaires, and befriend them. For once, the unlucky Baudelaires have found friends -- but not before Count Olafonce again will somehow come out of his hiding -- wherever he is -- and soon the Baudelaires will find more misfortune then they ever wanted,  as well as a haunting mystery and terrible nightly routines. The Austere Academy is the fifth miserable book in this series, and the ending was very surprising, leaving the reader on a devastating cliffhanger to read the sixth book, The Ersatz Elevator.
... as quoted in Genesis: "But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil thou shall not eat of it; for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die." Evil we know, we of Brighton Rock as presented by Graham Greene, but Good? Are we thinking of Good in a moral/ethical sense, or of Good as in "good times" or "good to eat"? Pinkie, the seventeen-year-old racetrack thug protagonist of Brighten Rock, is preternaturally acquainted with Evil but has no knowledge of Good in either sense. He believes in Hell, knows its code of behavior and its by-laws, but doubts the existence of Heaven. No impulse to do Good inhibits his ardent desire to do Evil as defiantly as possible. All he knows of Good is, in fact, that he knows none of it. He inhabits the corrupted Pleasure Garden of England, the seaside resort of Brighton, but he has no pleasures, no Goods in the carnal sense. He fears sex above all, though God seems eager to create "an help mate for him." Notice that Pinkie hates Music, which surely proves that no Knowledge of Good came with that accursed Apple!Brighton Rock is a crime novel, isn't it? A thriller, one of the masterpieces of Crime Fiction? Yes, it's astoundingly well written on every level, from phrase to sentence to chapter to entirety. If it weren't so well written, it would be intolerably depressing. There's nothing heroic about struggling to exist in Graham Greene's Brighton. The Evil there is as ugly as the rotting corpses of sinners on the Damned side of a Medieval triptych of Judgement Day. But it's not so much a 'crime novel' as it is a 'sin novel.' Pinkie is a sinner, damned above all by his pride at being a sinner. Rose, his help mate, chooses Pinkie's Sin over any conceivable Redemption. That's not an unintended inversion of Adam's choice to be damned along with Eve.If it weren't so well written ... I'm not at all comfortable with Graham Greene's brand of Christianity, and at its core, Brighton Rock is a Christian parable. The theology is painfully orthodox: there is no salvation, no Good, to be had in Man's life; the only Good is in and from God, and the knowledge of good is exclusively the knowledge of God. Greene himself became increasingly uncomfortable with his Christianity, which he could never reconcile convincingly with his humanistic socialism. Perhaps it was his ambivalence all along that made his novels so satisfyingly complex. In Brighton Rock, for instance, the sole character who has a clue about Good, which she defines as "what's Right", is the bawdy, bibulous Ida, who sleuths Pinkie to damnation as a kind of adventure. What does Ida represent? She's more a Fury from Greek tragedy than a guardian angel from the Christian Bible. She's the figure I ponder when I recall the novel. She puzzles me. I like a novel that leaves me puzzled.
Very well written and very informative. I highly recommend this book. It will help you gain and maintain peace in your life
This is quite possibly the most entertaining a hilarious collection of short stories I have ever read.  Dahl's humor is flawless and he leaves you on the edge throughout every strangely sexual tale in this book.  I didn't know what I was getting into when I began reading this for my Comedy in the United States class, but I have never read an author with more style and wit, comparable to Mark Twain, and who never failed to keep me interested throughout the entirety of this collection.  It simply leaves you wanting more.
I can't go on enough about how great a poetry manual this is. It's not stuffy, and it is fun to read. Especially chapters 7 and 8, which are on sound in the English language. And they should be read out loud. Also pay special attention to chapter 13 which discusses making sense in poetry. The examples and exercises are helpful. This is the best poetry introduction I've seen. The anthology carries Mason's flair, but you could supplement this manual with R.S. Gwynn's Longman anthology.
This is the first of Kathy Reichs books that I have read.  I really enjoyed it. I was expecting it to be more like the TV show, but it was not. I enjoy the TV shows, but once I got the show's characters and such out of my mind, I enjoyed the book, too.
Not to put too fine a point on it, anyone requiring a reading guide has not profited from their education. Where is the joy of discovery on a paved path? (BTW, I still hate Tristram Shandy.)
I've only read a few chapters so far,  it's easy reading, I've enjoyed reading it and learning lots.  I can't wait to finish it..
This is a survey analysis of social networking softwares and is primarily for those whose job is to select and implement these.The problem with this type of book is that these software are rapidly changing, online behaviour changes rapidly, and subtleties in online behaviour strategies are non-obvious.  The author gives analyses of many software types, but at the end of all this, it is difficult for reader to select.  So one can read this entire book, and still not know what to do.  If one has access a good consultant, this book will save money by being able to then ask the consultant questions better.The book will not teach a non-implementor on how to use social network to get business results.  The title of this book is "Social Networking for Business" and should be corrected to "Creating Social Networks for Business"
When you read this book you'll know why even us competitors of Grisham do not skip his books, will not skip Christmas, and have not skipped Amazon.com's efforts to bring us great, but little known, books (...)
This book is gold for any employee. And it's worth its weight in diamonds for any business owner.Running your own company makes you most of the time thinking about your clients, your finance and yourself. Then there are also your employees that do the job for you. Wrong! They are aware of their career just like you are aware of your own company.This book gives you great advise about building a career and for anyone being at the top of the company already, it makes you recognize talent. So, unless you're somebody who wants to keep your current job for the next 30 years, grab a copy of this book!
Wow! This is definately an adult humor book, and a great read to boot. If you want to be brought out of the dumps a bit, try this book. Things can't be as bad as it is with the Greek Gods. With loss of power and forgotten, they are trying to muddle through their existence living in a house in London.Then, bring in the hero and heroine. A cleaner and geek that are more of a 21st century answer to what happens when people forget the classics. And even better, they help us remember the good ole' times, at least for the gods. Here is a great story that will keep you going to the end.
I love the books about Alex Cross.  He lives in DC, which is close to me, so that I know what he is talking about and the streets that he is on.  This one leaves us hanging at the end, as it does seem that Dr. Cross may be coming very close to getting together with the Women's Murder Club.  Have to wait to see how the next Cross book opens.  One just can't go wrong with Patterson and his Alex Cross characters.  Short chapters that move quickly to the next and NEVER leaves one with a bad taste.  FAST and EXCITING 'til the end.
In this witty and delightful novel the author portrays a character called Kaspar Joachim Utz, an unconventional collector of Meissen porcelain. Despite all efforts to suppress individualism the communist regime of the late 1960s Czechoslovakia allowed Utz to keep a spectacular private collection of porcelain amounting to more than a thousand pieces, all crammed in a small two-roomed flat in Prague. The account of how Utz built up his collection is truly moving and the humour with which Mr Chatwin describes his peregrinations across Europe is irresistible. Wars, pogroms and revolutions offer excellent opportunities for the collector, Utz remarks ironically!The novel is a sharp account of the history of Middle Europe from the 1850s to the Prague Spring in 1969, of the history of the Meissen porcelain production, of the absurdities of communism and also of the Czech spirit of which Mr Chatwin is a very keen observer.
This is a brilliant book. The scene in the hospital towards the end when the narrator asks about the nun's belief in God is one of the very best I have ever read in American fiction. What makes this such a wonderful book is that there are numerous such scenes throughout the work.
Henning Mankell's genre-defying new novel The Man From Beijing should post a disclaimer on the front cover, stating the following:AMERICAN READERS MUST:* Be willing to travel* Desire the betterment of mankind* Enjoy Dickensian coincidence and deus ex machina interventions* Have a fascination with foreign cultures* Enjoy historical fiction* Have a taste for thrillers that proceed at a deliberate pace* Be able to relinquish the traditional concept of the whodunit* Not be bothered by loose threads, as long as the complete garment is pleasing to the mindEuropean readers, amongst whom Mankell is terrifically popular, apparently have no problem with the listed criteria.  American readers that fit the above qualifications will find themselves in for a richly rewarding read.It's not every day that one picks up a book that begins with a contemporary mass murder in a Swedish village, detours to a detailed description of the working conditions during the building of America's trans-continental railroad during the 1800's, crosses over to China twice (a century and a half apart), zooms to Africa, ties it all together with a ribbon (a red one, in this case), and pulls it off without causing the reader a severe case of vertigo and/or confusion.  But Mankell does manage to do this, and readers that do decide to take this trip will enjoy a very fine journey, indeed.Travel, other than sterile pre-arranged tours, always involves unfamiliar sights and sounds, awkward cultural moments, and experiences that refuse to meet our preconceptions.  The trip through The Man From Beijing is no exception.  Written in Swedish, there is a cadence to Mankell's writing that might be slightly off-putting until one adapts to the English translation.  I have no idea if concert level pianists have long and graceful fingers, but I've always pictured them that way.  Henning Mankel's prose makes me picture him banging away on a keyboard with short, stubby, powerful fingers, hammering out brief potent sentences that do not dazzle the mind but keep the storyline moving steadily down the track.  Mankell occasionally inserts scenes that, well, go on a bit regarding the political condition of today's world.  Not as extreme as the forty to fifty page polemics in Ayn Rand's novels, nor quite as non sequitur as some of the passages in Cormac McCarthy's works, Mankell nevertheless feels free to use the mouths of his characters to speak his own piece on a regular basis regarding the world's ills.  I enjoyed hearing from him, others might not, but all will feel challenged by what he puts forth.And what might Mankell's piece be?  Mankell is an interesting man, a person that lives half the year in Sweden, and half the year in Mozambique.  He recently gave 15 million kroner (a bit over two million dollars) to the SOS for Children foundation, and donates half his income to charities.  He is married to Eva Bergman, daughter of Ingmar Bergman.  He has been around the global block a few times, and remains fascinated by what he sees in his planet-wide neighborhood. Though he appears to have shed the hyper-idealistic fervor of his youth, Mankell remains doggedly committed to a conviction that the world can be made a better place for all its inhabitants. Yes. I'll buy into that, too.Riding a train through a foreign country, exotic sights and scents come through the windows, and for the person that is willing to travel a bit beyond their zone of comfort, the visions and flavors that Mankell bestows on reader will be rare treats, rather than obnoxious stimuli.  Bon voyage!
We have all had to learn creative financing to get along in the new millennium, so it's about time someone came along with a creative thinking strategy that works. And Tim Hurson has done just that inThink Better: An Innovator's Guide to Productive Thinking.Like some reviewers, I was reluctant to get this book because there are so many others on the market. But I did and am very pleased with the results of reading and studying it. I now have a more organized mind, uncluttered with unnecessary trivia, a mind that has learned to focus. And for a writer, focus is the necessary asset to keep churning out copy.Some reviewers say this book is easy... In some ways it is and in some, it isn't... It's all in one's perspective, I suppose, but I found it took a lot of deep thinking to get through. It's easy to understand Monkey Mind, Gator Brain and Elephant's Tether, even fun at times, but when it comes to "cerebral cortex" and such, the author loses me. But he soon makes himself clear, but with deep thinking on my part, I must admit.But I did get through it and came out better on the other end...lol...In the author's opening words: "This book is about creating the future. It's about a way to see more clearly, think more creatively, and plan more effectively. It's about thinking better, working better and doing better in every area of your life." I'll go for that--and I did! This book delivers what it promises. I wish I had had it when I ran my publishing business, but am glad to have it now. No matter what you do, from writing, managing a small household or a big business, this book can help you.I also appreciated the wise, humorous quotes and tidbits of information the author scatters throughout this book, such as this quote from humorist Will Rogers: "It's not what you don't know that hurts you. It's what you do know that ain't so."I treasure the wealth of information in the pages ofThink Better: An Innovator's Guide to Productive Thinking. Thanks, Tim Hurson.And if my assessment isn't enough, you must read the testimonials on the back; all are by successful people from many walks of life.Reviewed by Betty Dravis, May 25, 2010Author of "Dream Reachers" (with Chase Von) and other books
Finally, a recognized scientist who admits that pure materialism, (chance, Darwinism) does not and cannot explain life.  He won't say God of course, that's not allowed, so he stops explanation with the living cell, giving it eternal existence.  Life is a given, like matter and energy.  We're at least making progress toward honesty.
There are a few irritating elements in this, like confusing switches from one characters point of view to another's, and I HATE the overuse of "chuckle" in fiction, but overall this is a very good mystery.  It's a big edgier than Wallander, but not as realistic.  The one thing I really have a hard time dealing with is a main character named Harry Hole.  Insert your own joke.  No pun intended.Of course, I'm reading a translated version, so like the Wallander novels I'm not sure if the book wouldn't be even better in the original language.  I will be getting another of this author's books, but I prefer Dennis Lehane's books and Wallander.
The reviews are absolutely right.  This book and its accompanying CD are indispensable for anyone who has had years of reading and writing in French but never actually lived in France and had the experience of daily conversation.  I am amazed - the CD taught me in 1 hour more than years of college courses.
Lecturing in Cape Town university downsized to a technical college, once a professor of literature, now an adjunct in communications, David Lurie seems older than 52. He begins to decline, long divorced, longing for solace and seeking it unwisely. "Because he has no respect for the material he teaches, he makes no impression on his students." (4) "The irony does not escape him: that the one who comes to teach learns the keenest of lessons, while those that come to learn learn nothing." (5)Out of a job after he refuses to go along with the abjection that he believes, stubbornly and quixotically, is demanded by the administration after he is charged with sexual harassment, he retreats to the Eastern Cape, to join his daughter, Lucy, who runs a small kennel and grows flowers on a remote farm. The drift away from city habits to country attitudes adds poignancy to Lurie's slide into despair. You both cringe at his refusal to confess his wrongdoing, and sympathize with his pride.The book, pivoting around the rape, off-scene, of Lucy, the assault on Lurie, and their gradual displacement by the neighbor who craves her land and knows more about the rapists than he lets on, Petrus, may be rather schematic in parts, but as with a drama, each character's defined according to his or her type. Coetzee's attention to details shows his commitment to each character in this serious, downbeat, and grim novel.For instance, we view his accuser Melanie's signature on the document of her accusation, to Lurie through the limited omniscient gaze of the novel: "the arabesque of the M, the l with its bold upper loop, the downward gash of the I, the flourish of the final s." (40) In such mundane details, her attraction, and her vindication, swirl together to drag him down.His rural retreat hastens his regression. "His mind has become a refuge for old thoughts, idle, indigent, with nowhere else to go." (72) He volunteers at an animal shelter. He tries to gain empathy, but he keeps his perspective: "So if we are going to be kind, let it be out of simple generosity, not because we feel guilty or fear retribution." (76) The novel's most telling moments, for me, came as Lurie begins to feel a connection-- but only to a point, eschewing sentimentality-- with the dogs he cares for, far from his former urban comforts.As for his daughter, on her own, she faces the aftermath of the crime. The narrator muses how it's "a risk to own anything" in South Africa today. "Too many people, too few things. What there is must go into circulation, so that everyone can have a chance to be happy for a day." So the theory goes if not the brutal practice, the repayment of debts taken from the descendants of the settlers by those they subjugated.Lucy's refusal to admit her rape galls him. She languishes, while he wants her to seek safety and earn justice. Lucy senses this is the cruel exchange, the test she must undergo to survive in the countryside of her transformed and restive nation. Lurie, meanwhile, finds the recuperation he came there for evades him. "Here he is losing himself day by day" as he cares for his daughter and does menial chores for covetous Petrus and at the animal shelter.There, he has an uneasy, basic, affair with the shelter's supervisor, Bev. She's ungainly, with features like a troll, but Lurie rationalizes that now, this is the only kind of woman he will find for his shamed desires. "Half of literature is about it; young women struggling to escape from under the weight of old men, for the sake of the species." (190)He explains to Bev how he's fallen. "Teaching was never a vocation for me. Certainly I never aspired to teach people how to live. I was what used to be called a scholar. I wrote books about dead people. That was where my heart was. I taught only to make a living." (162) He slowly regains his interest in a dramatic-operatic piece on Byron's abandoned mistress Teresa, and the conjunction of this failed romance with his own tangled lovelessness moves the final section of this story into a fitting meditation.While Lucy, Petrus, and the hinterland's raw terrain prove ultimately uninviting, neither does the Cape, when Lurie returns from his extended stay, prove any more hospitable. The last sections show Lurie suspended between his urbanity and his pared-down life now, and show how his journey into the African interior has taken him into his own dark heart. As the title warns, this Booker Prize winner for 1999 unsparingly tears off the masks Lurie dons, until he and we must face his uncomfortable self.
This magisterial first novel came out when the author was 28 years old -- and she'd been working on it for a decade! That means that a lot of it got written when she was still a student at Bennington. If you resent Lena Dunham, forget about it. &#34;Girls&#34; is an excellent TV show; The Secret History is a incandescent page-turning masterpiece. Two books and twenty years later I've finally come to terms with this and happily accept Donna Tartt as my superior. I bow down. I am not worthy. But that's all writer talk, and this book is for readers. So read it.
Michale Bosworth, the writer of Customer Centric Selling and Solution Selling, has written a game changing book for sales training.  His ideas changed when after decades of sales training ( SPSS, Rackham and Solution Selling)  trying to improve the sales skills of the 60% of the salespeople who were not in the top 20%, that now the top was only 17%. The best had become even better but most had not improved.  He went back to basics and started to take apart the top sales guns "mojo". That is when he identified how much of an emotional connection they made before they ever started on a sales effort.  This book is the result of years of training sales teams on emotional connecting to power the sales effort. He has tied together the common principle that we decide to buy emotionally and then justify with logic. with the power of storytelling. There is lots of good science drawn upon that will resonate with you. I could immediately relate to two sales situations this year that did not go well for myself and the client, despite "doing all the right things". I realize now that the emotional connection was not present or the sales people.  To make a change you  commit emotionally  Easily the most impactful sales book of the last few years. Check them out on Storyleaders.com
I came of political age during the civil rights struggle here in America in the early 1960's. Part and parcel with that awakening struggle came an increased interest in the roots of the black struggle, especially in slavery times. Such intellectuals as Herbert Apteker, the Genoveses, the Foners, Harold Cruise, James Baldwin, John Hope Franklin and others, black and white, were very interested in exploring or discovering a black resistance to the conditions of slavery not apparent on any then general reading of the black experience in America. This is the place where the recently deceased William Styron and his novelistic interpretation of one aspect of that struggle- Nat Turner's Virginia slave rebellion enters the fray.No Styron is not politically correct in his appreciation of Turner or his followers. Nor are latter day Southern whites and their sympathizers who have recoiled in horror at what expansion of Turner's rebellion might have meant for the `peculiar institution'. But being politically correct, etc. now or historically is beside the point. Slavery was brutal. Slavery brutalized whole generations of black people for a very long time. If one expects nature's noblemen and women to come out of such a process, one will be very sadly mistaken. That the white benificaries of this system were brutalized is a given. Human progress has come about through fits and starts not a seamless curve onward and upward. Nevertheless all our sympathies are with Nat and his fellow rebels.Moreover, here are some things to think about if you are not worried about your political correctness status. Outside of John Brown at Harper's Ferry Turner's rebellion represented the highest achievement of resistance to the white slaveholders in the early 19th century. Although the fight was not pretty on either side every progressive today should stand in historical solidarity with that fight. Then one will understand not only that oppression oppresses but also that the military conditions for a successful rebellion for isolated blacks in pre- Civil War American were slim. The later incorporation of 200,000 black soldiers and sailors among the Northern forces in the Civil War are a very, very profound argument that once off the plantation blacks were as capable of bravery, courage and honor as an other American. As difficult as it is, if you do not have access to the original chronicles of the Turner uprising, read this book to get a flavor of how hard the struggle for the abolition of slavery in this country was going to be.
The mysteries featuring Vish Puri are a break from the more intense and dark mysteries that I oftenread.  There is a touch of humor throughout the books --- easy and relaxing to read.
No other book in my collection has ever produced such an imaginative account of another time and place, with the possible exception of &quot;The Lord of the Rings.&quot;Marking the other half of Marco Polo's account  of his travels (the parts that he could not disclose, due to the  sensitivities of his time), this work of fiction is well-researched,  imaginative, and risque. It reads like an adventure full of intrigue and  mystery, a historical epic covering a major portion of the &quot;known  world,&quot; and a manuel for the senses.&quot;The Journeyer&quot; is  many things, though its result is a book definitely worth reading.
Now I have to profess I haven't read any of Dr Tharp's / Mr June's previous books so while other reviewers expressed some disappointment with this book compared to the other books, I was absolutely stunned by this one.  It just kept hitting me between the eyes with its discussions on just how bad things can go for someone who doesn't have a system (70% of daytraders lose everything), how to identify and play alongside the Market Makers and how to set up the &quot;Multiple R / position sizing&quot; system.  I used to never use stops.  I always preferring to ride out the lows, and even use put options to profit from it, so that i would never, ever, take a loss.  However this books puts what other authors put in terms of cutting losses and letting profits run, in different terms which have managed to convince me that has convinced me to do otherwise.  This book is worth its weight in gold.  I've read about 9 other books on trading / day trading but none have convinced me as much as this one.  If Dr Tharp's / June's other books are better, then they must be worth their weight in &quot;multiple R&quot; returns.
Reading this book in the current economic climate is both chilling and fascinating. It's very well written and researched and despite the nature of its content its not dry at all; in fact its very entertaining. The book contains many troublesome insights. For me, the most shocking, was the fact that the central bankers back then had the same confidence in their own ability as we often hear now (to big to fail...) and yet still managed to convert a reasonably harmless stock crash into the worlds greatest economic crisis ever. There are however also some positive points in the story, most notably the British economist Maynard Keynes, who's great insights have keept the world out of crisis for more than 60 years - may it continue to do so.At any rate this is a highly entertaining book, in fact it's the best armchair non-fiction book I have read since Bill Bryson'sA Short History of Nearly Everything. So if you like learning something new, to be entertained, frightened and inspired then pick up this incredible enjoyable book.
The author presents the clear connection between hypothyrodism (improper activity of the thyroid) and the many seemingly isolated diseases (arthrisits, cancer, diabetwes, obsesity, hear disease, fibromyalgia, sexual problems, and many issues of memory, mental and emotional deficiencies and consequent behavior patterns. The author supplements the evidence and remedies (e.g., vitamins A,B compex, C, D3 and other iodine, zinc, coper)with case histories and research conducted over the years, as well as the consequences of those medics who misdiagnose and mis-apply corrective medicines. This is one of the more comprehensive and effective books.
Graham Greene is the kind of writer who enables the reader to feel the emotions and trauma of his characters. In The Heart of the Matter Greene tells the story of Major Henry Scobie, the deputy commissioner of the police force in a West African country (presumably Sierra Leone) during World War II. The story centers around three interrelated aspects of Scobie&#8217;s life. The first has to do with his wife, Louise, who is unhappy living there and wants to wait out the war in South Africa. The second involves various intrigues of a Syrian store owner, Yusef, and the last is concerned with Scobie&#8217;s own Catholic faith and relationship with God. All three interconnect as the novel continues and lead to the inevitable and tragic conclusion.Scobie is a good man and that quality leads to his downfall. He loves his wife after a fashion, but mostly feels responsible for her. Lacking the money to send her to South Africa he borrows it from the unscrupulous Yusef who then uses Scobie to further his own greedy ends. After Louise leaves, a young woman, Helen Rolt, is stranded in Scobie&#8217;s community after the ship she was in was sunk by the Germans. Scobie and Helen fall in love and he feels a responsibility for her happiness as well as that of his wife. Compounding the matter is Wilson, a young accountant who claims to love Louise and thus is jealous of Scobie and begins to spy on him.  Louise returns and asks Scobie to go to mass and communion with her. Unable to repent of his adultery, he is denied absolution by the local Catholic priest and thus has to decide whether or not to take communion thereby condemning his soul for all eternity should be do so.What Greene seems to be saying is that good people can engage in corrupt and immoral behaviors under certain circumstances. The weight that Scobie bears becomes impossible precisely because he is a good person trying to do the right thing, yet his actions lead to greater and greater despair. The following quote from page 218 illustrates his condition:  &#8220;No man surely was less alone with his wife upstairs and his mistress little more than five hundred yards away up the hill, and yet it was loneliness that seated itself like a companion who doesn&#8217;t need to speak. It seemed to him that he had never been so alone before.&#8221;The Heart of the Matter is the sort of book that mesmerizes you as you see a person being destroyed as he attempts to act in humane and decent ways. It is well worth reading.
I loved this book, I love this author and I love her characters!!I started this series of books and read them all straight through, on a previous review I mentioned I think you need to read these in order. I still feel that way. After reading the handful of Sara Linton books, Ms. Slaughter started a new series, with Will Trant, and I loved these books as well. Then this last book, brought all the characters together in one story.She is not easy to read for the squeamish, so be warned. Her villains are really sick, or well really villainous, but the stories are great, the characters are great and I just could not stop reading until I had read them all. The downside? I have to wait a while for any new book.Also be warned she is not above making you cry, she gives twists and turns you are not expecting. I call that the Joss Whedon effect, she is really good at it.And on a note to Ms. Slaughter, I loved the mixing of the characters from the two storylines....To the readers, more enjoyable read in order.
The key focus for any person in a management, leadership, or mentoring position should always be to help their employees be as fulfilled as possible. In many ways that is the definition of management - that the manager's main task is to manage people. It is their duty, their job to help those they are managing. Many managers lose track of that - they yell at their employees, mistreat them, and work them to the bone. This then results in the employee's losing motivation or even quitting. Rather than the boss' activities helping his company, he is actually causing serious harm.This book helps to remind all who have responsibility for people that they need to take that responsibility very seriously.First, the book goes over the basics of what it means to be a manager. A manager achieves results through others. It is what the manager's *reports* do which is important. Therefore, a manager must do everything he can to help his reports succeed. If an employee fails, it's really the manager who has failed.Each employee (typically) only has one manager. Therefore, as challenging as it might be, a manager must treat every employee as if she was the only one. This can be tough! If a manager greets 20 employees during a morning, the 20th greeting must be as honestly sincere and warm as the first. A manager who "wears out" and gives that 20th employee only a half-hearted HI is not giving that "last employee" their fair share. Your task as a manager is to make the effort to care for all employees as well as you can, to learn the techniques to help them succeed.Every employee needs recognition, needs to be shown when they are improving. Even "failing less frequently" is very important. A manager doesn't have a PhD in psychoanalyzing. You can't pretend to be a therapist. Your job is to fairly provide them with all the options you can, explain their tasks, praise them when they succeed.Labeling people tends to restrict your options with them, and should be avoided. If you call someone "lazy" then you tend to treat them in a certain way which can greatly hinder their ability to succeed. Rather than falling back on labels, treat each person as an individual and work with their specific needs and situations.Managers who call their workers "lazy" or "unmotivated" often haven't taken the time to really understand the situation. The book gives MANY examples where a manager made that sort of judgement about a person - and then further investigation found something quite different to be the cause. For example one manager thought his truck-packing people were careless, but actually boxes were being thrown at them so quickly that they had no choice but to stack them haphazardly.Employees tend to do the best they can in a given situation. You as a manager might look at someone and say "why in the world did they not create a full report? They only gave me half of what I wanted." In many cases, though, the employee honestly thinks they are giving you everything you need. If you sit down and create a checklist with them, and ensure they follow it, that can often help. That way they really do know what you want. Another thing the book reminds you is that humans crave attention. It might be that the only time you pay attention to certain people is when they make a mistake! They might subconsciously be making mistakes to get that attention.Your task as a manager is to help them see all their options, to learn about new alternatives. You need to help them know when they are on the right path by providing specific, positive, prompt feedback on anything good they do. If you find something negative going on, you need to work to change that *behavior* - you can't ever change a person.Another issue the book brings out is that people rarely hear - verbatim - what you say to them. Their mind is constantly thinking and interpreting and guessing. So most of what the book teaches as your technique is to work conversations so that they are complete sentences. This technique works well for relationships too! You should never ask "yes/no" questions. You should phrase your responses so you repeat back their sentiments, so that they become more fully understood. You should phrase questions or comments to them so that they  then explain the idea back to you.If you find all of this to be "common sense" that you could use no help with, then congratulations! You're in the 1% of the population who is an ideal manager and needs no help. However, for the rest of us 99% people, even if some of this seems familiar, the "how to" for dealing with difficult situations alone is worth the price of this book.  What I've described above isn't even one small part of what the book steps you through.Highly recommended!
Bo's latest is even clearer and more poignant than his earlier books. In this latest spiritual guide Bo provides insight and valuable complementary exercises to make the reading all that more powerful and effective.What  truly amazes me is how Bo can keep writing with such relevance and power  and yet never repeat his earlier books (which I also felt excelled in  relevance and power...).Rather than read as a novel, I've treated this  as a workbook, savoring each point and companion exercise and then moving  to the next one.
Joe Celko has written a very good book on the architecture of trees and hierarchies in sql. That should have gotten the attention of a very limited audience.  Yes, this book is not for light reading, it is for people who really need to understand the differences between trees vs hierarchies and how they might be used in database applications.  It probably won't leave anyone understanding the whole science but it will help them focus on what they need to build the type of queries and data structures to store.This book is a collection of his articles put together to make some sense for those who need to know this pretty specific information.  Does it cover everything. No. Does it go off on tangents. Not really. It does a good job of going over some very deep stuff in a fairly engaging way.
I first read this book for a secondary (high) school class and was instantly captivated by it. Revisiting it recently has reminded me again why the book is such a literary masterpiece.The first thing that one notices is that the book is remarkably short for all the hype that surrounds it. Yet the book's short length is deceiving, because Steinback packs in a great narrative, some masterful descriptive pieces and a wealth of insight.The plot revolves around the idea that the "the best laid schemes o' Mice an' Men, gang aft agley (often go awry)" - a reference Robert Burn's poem "To A Mouse". Set in the Great Depression era of the 1930s, the narrative recounts the fortunes of its two central characters, George and Lennie, who set out with their own version of the American Dream and end up falling far short. The reader is caught up in this tight and simple - but incredibly moving - storyline as the protagonists, seemingly oblivious, march inexorably towards their tragic fates.To Steinback's supreme credit, the main characters readily engender sympathy from the reader despite the shortness of the book. Side characters are also extremely convincing and pack a bigger punch than they would in the hands of lesser authors. The character and plot development is accompanied by an abiding sense of unease, arising from the air of lingering tragedy that Steinback manages to create. Furthermore, the matter-of-fact descriptions that punctuate the narrative add an element of rawness that makes the entire tragedy believable.Of Mice and Men, although short, left me thinking about the big things; about dreams and about destiny. It is truly a modern classic - masterful in style and timelessly relevant. I cannot recommend it more.
While I have not yet read the whole book what I have read has kept my interest.  Its interesting reading about his home life and things I never knew and refreshing to read that for the most part he hasn't lived parallel lives, but rather focused and well planned. That he deeply regretted and felt personally humiliated by his personal failings.I do wish he had written more of his successes which I think were more than some realize.  In fact I often think of Reagan's question of 'Are you better off today than you were four years ago' when reading the book and then thinking about where we are today.As a registered Republican I expect the author to blame Ken Starr and in some respects I do to. But I did and will always believe that a persons private life is just that.  Yet, lying in court is still wrong.  But he does offer some sound proof that people were out to get him, and that I am sure will rub some conservatives the wrong way.I will update this review when I finish the book.
Bought it for my 1st grade grandson who called us from Texas to Alaska and read us the whole book - he loved it!
I imagine that almost every English speaking reader has seen one of the many, many versions of this classic put on film. It is one of my favorite stories and I have an old edition of it on my library shelf. But even with a copy in my collection, I was quite glad to add this one to my Kindle. The ability to rapidly look up some of the older Victorian English words and phrases with the built-in Kindle dictionary made reading it even more enjoyable. Plus, who can argue with the price (free)!
Fermina and Florentino are portrayed in "Love in the Time of Cholera" as an eternal match of lovers.  Gabriel Garcia Marquez is a master in his writings.  Florentino is able to maintain his love for his chosen beauty throughout his life.  He reluctantly accepts her marriage to another, but he continues to cherish and adore the one true first love of his life.  Marquez is a true master at his descriptions of love, and sex and beauty as few authors are capable.  His books are very readable, and glue the reader to the characters as if one is actually thrust into the story of his dynamic pictures.  I find Marques to be the writer of some of the most compelling novels that I have ever read.  I would not hesitate to recommend his books to become a portion of one's favorite library section. Dale B. Haufrect, M.D., M.A.  Med DataLink, LLC
I read this many years ago, and purchased it to read again. Although it is science fiction, the characters and conflicts are believable, and you are able to identify and empathize with the characters. Obviously I am not alone in my sentiment; this novel has withstood the test of time.
Richard Hall has written a simple and straightforward little manual on career advancement, a book I wish I had read many years ago.It can help you change the way you are perceived... build self confidence... define your career strategy... create a personal road map... and calibrate your action steps to become impactful, recognized, successful, relaxed.Think of your career as "sport" -- and lean on the learnings of this book to help you condition yourself, to prepare, then engage in effective "blocking and tackling" to make a difference, then score and keep on scoring.Buy this book for yourself if you are under age 50... and if you are over age 50, buy it for your son or your daughter.  At 159 pages it is an easy "weekend-read" but its messages can last a lifetime.
The content in this book is excellent, especially for those who need to use SQL but are not DBAs or SQL gurus.I hate to do this, but the layout in this book is not great.  It looks like HTMLHelp from the late 1990s, using Courier font and not taking advantage of colors, tables, or shading to make the text easier to read/understand.  I like to use these kinds of books by skimming them once, then referring back to relevant sections when needed.  Unfortunately, this book makes it tough to quickly find what I am looking for in its wall of text.  Again, the material is strong, but its visual layout is lacking.
The Haunting of Hill House is a tale told in the style of a classic ghost story. A group of young people is brought together by a professor to study the paranormal occurences that are rumored to be happening in an old house. The reader is left in the dark as much as the characters and learns about the house as they do.The story is entertaining and spooky. I did however get a little lost and confused towards the end when things begin to really get out of hand for the main character. Things are never totally wrapped up, and the reader is left to draw their own conclusions as to the cause of the mysterious disturbances in Hill House.All in all, a good read but with some wayward points and a few slow spots here and there.
Simon Kernick specialises in fast paced books that take off like a rocket and only let up on the final page.  This one is no exception - I read most of it in one sitting.  In fact I think that it's one of his best in some time.  For the most part it's set in the Scottish Highlands over the course of one day and night and I can pretty much guarantee that it will keep you turning the pages relentlessly right through until the end.The book kicks off with Amanda Rowan coming home late one evening.  She walks into the house, calls out for her husband and gets no response.  Proceeding up the stairs, she realises that a killer is in the house and that her husband is dead.  She runs.  The killer makes his pursuit.  Somehow - miraculously - she gets away and after recovering in hospital and substantial debriefing by the police, she decides to move away to a remote Scottish village.  However it appears that she may still be in danger...One of the things that regular Kernick readers will know and like about his books is the way that familiar characters recur.  DCI Bolt is again on the case, leading the team that is investigating the death of Amanda's husband.  There is also an appearance by Scope, who we met inSiege: A Thriller- what a great character!Kernick's books are pure escapist entertainment, but boy, he does that well.  I really enjoyed this.
This is bar none, one of the best marketing books ever written. It's 450 pages of pure learning. There's something to learn in every page in this book. Even the way it's written is in a kind of sales language which is both profound and extremely educational. The language is very hypnotic and makes a great read just for that alone. This is not a book you get bored with because of any author's diatribes like some other marketing books. Along with How To Write A Good Advertisement and Vitale's Hypnotic Writing, I think this is an astounding book for anyone looking to master the language of marketing and sales. I would go as far to say it is pure marketing hypnosis! In fact if you go deeper, you'll realize that the language used in this book can be applied to all sorts of interactive situations to get the attention of others and to create conversation. Bravo!
I purchased this book for two sermons one was entitled go down death the other was a creation. For someone who is grieving for loved one is passed on. Go down death can be a comfort. The simple faith and God's purpose in these few words may give the reader a different perspective on death and the comfort they are seeking. The creation is simplistic but yet speaks to this great event so a child could understand. Both of these very short sermons speak to us as though we are truly children of God and with simple understanding of these two very different but so important events. Maybe if we learned to teach things of great importance in this simple manner we would all be better for it.
What can I say? A True timeless classic! If you liked the movie you'll Love the book.
Toole is the finest, perhaps the only, Catholic writer to survive in 20th-c. America. (O'Connor, who shares some of his southern/Irish anti-intellectual self-hatred, is a Calvinist in all but name.) But of  course he did not survive for long.Try to imagine the misery of being a  fat, shamed genius sweating it out in the deep South just as the hegemonic  smiles of the Kennedy era were beginning their march of conquest. There was  no place for Toole under that smile. But he survived long enough to write  this hilarious, merciless and heartbreaking novel. All the damned are here  and speaking through Ignatius: the fat, the gauche, the gay, the South, the  Irish, the working poor, the black...and most fatally of all, the  prescient. Because Toole somehow saw all that was to come.Sitting in his  room in that fetid backwater, he saw the farce and triumph of the sixties  all complete. And he wrote it down with mercy toward none (least of all  himself)...and some Peace-Corps fool of an editor stamped NO on it. And  Toole died--not so much for our sins, as for the safety of our right to be  stupid and smug. And America went on to make hacks, talentless strivers  like Mailer and Bellow into heroes, while Toole fed the worms. That's  sainthood, isn't it? It seems like sainthood to me. To convert all that  horror and shame into something so wonderful, try to give it away, and die.
Like many books that are turned into movies, I feel compelled to read the book first.  I read this book in a matter of hours - of course the size of the book lends to that but also the way the writing flows sucks you into the story. Set in 1861, Alessandra Baricco takes you the Orient and introduces intriguing characters and plots.  Baricco also fills his book with strong emotional imagery that comes across as poetry while at the same time using simple and direct words without embellishment.At first I didn't understand why Joncour became so obsessed with a woman, a concubine, he never even spoke to.  Then I learned that "obsession" was not the right word to use to describe his overwhelming feelings about this woman.  This book leaves you with a sense sense that Joncour felt he was never able to live to his fullest potential.  Even though he is able to find a calm peace with his wife, Helene, and the life they create at home, his world is soon rocked when he receives a letter full of Japanese symbols that he believes is from this 'soul mate'.Unfortunately, there are really no words that can describe the way this books left me feeling.  You just have to read the book and find out how it ends......
I enjoyed the experience of reading this book. I found myself early into the book hooked. Definitely worth reading and easily recommended to anyone.
Jurassic Park is a realistic look at a very unrealistic possibility - the re-creation of dinosaurs using modern day technology.  Chrichton is a master of suspense - this book is a definate page turner.  The plot is both adventurous and exciting - an extremely rich business owner buys an island and hires scientists to create dinosaurs using amber extracted from rocks.  This amber contains dinosaur dna trapped in mosquitos.  The plan is to create an amusement park featuring these new dinosaurs.  Of course, something disastrous occurs.  I highly recommend this book for mature teens and adults.
I wish I had better reviewing skills so that I could adequately give this book the accolades it deserves. A sweeping story of love, medicine, and faith, with a passion for all. I was privileged to meet the author and hear him speak recently, and it is clear his compassion comes from a very deep place within. In describing his practice in infectious medicine, beginning with AIDS patients, before the disease was widespread, he brought his audience to tears, and afterward, one audience member voiced a sentiment shared by all: I wish you were MY doctor. It is that deep humanity that ultimately comes through in this luminous story, which I recommend to anyone who has a heart, or wishes to have one.
I picked this up to read again, after having read it almost twenty years ago. It did not disappoint! This is how all &quot;what-if&quot; thrillers should be written. Once you pick this story up it grabs you and won't let  go until the end. Forsyth does a great job of detailing the Odessa  organization, how it was formed, and the fear it engendered in Germany  almost twenty years after the war. The plot is very exciting, but best of  all believable. Refreshingly, the hero is not a one dimensional character.  Peter Miller is a complex figure who has his own reason for pursuing Eduard  Roschmann. If you've never read this book, pick it up! If you've read it  before, consider picking it up again. I highly recommend it!
This is a fantastic find. I would recommend it to anyone that is in counseling or dealing with mental health. The guide walks you through the diagnosis and leads you into the treatment plans. It is a fantastic tool, my boss loved it!!
If you are interested in Agile development, this is the book to get!!  You don't have to be a software developer to take away insightful info on how to better manage a collaborative process from start to finish, capably handling all of the surprises that happen along the way!
This is essentially a book about how to use titter to develop your business but I have been reading it with my authors hat on. Obviously being an author is a business and I ahve had a great time exploring the ideas presented in the book.The book takes you through all the steps of using twitter and for those who already use twitter there are advanced user sections, so something for everyone in here. The test uses case studies very effectively. Each case study is followed by a list of lessons which can be gleaned for the case study. I found this approach really helpful as the real life sories brought it to life and demonstrated how effectively twitter could be used.The book covers every aspect of twitter and includes chapters such asmaking targeted connectionsproviding meaningful contentOffering Authentic hlpfulnessListsSecrets of influence on twitteramongst many others. It also includes a number of other sites which can be used to support your use of twitter. I have explored most of these and found them really helpful but a couple might take a bit of getting used toI would advise anyone who wants to get serious about using twitter to buy this book immediatley and start to use it. You will not regret it. It is worth every penny of the cover price.I was given a copy of this book from Amazon for review purposes. I was not at any time asked to provide a positive review. I ahve provided a fair review based on my reading of the book
I read this back in the 80's when I worked in a bookstore.  [...]  It helped open my mind which led me to read related stuff, like Howie Weener Unclogged.  Original and thought provoking.  It was the seed that sparked my many interests.  [...]
This is a great little basic book on how to use twitter and make useful connections. It steers the reader away from making the mistakes of beginners by being spammers and trying to sell their product before adding value, getting to know people on twitter, or building a "tribe" of like minded twitter users.The author recommends the winning formula for using twitter is: Targeted Connections+ Meaningful Content+ Authentic Helpfulness. It is really all about people to people connections just like in the real world of business.When you get started you need to find and follow people with similar interests and see what you like and don't like about how they use twitter. You need to provide useful and meaningful content in your niche or genre, links, quotes, and expert advice in your tweets. Occasionally tweet about personal likes, interests, hobbies, and opinions this provides for a more human connection instead of endless information flow. Always be helpful with advice and respond to questions from other users when you can.The book explains that twitter is a huge networking tool for real connections that lead to mutual beneficial business.If you are already using twitter with success this book may not be very helpful to the pro, however this is a great introduction on how to really use twitter to get the most value from it.
The author gives very thorough and perceptive advice on how to give an excellent talk...Ted Talk...or any talk. Very valuable! He discussed how you might go about analyzing the top Ted Talks to understand why they succeeded. I particularly liked listening to and evaluating the number 1 Ted Talk...after I finished this book.
Penelope Lively is one of the greatest novelists of our time.  I would read anything she wrote, and this is one of her best.
I can't believe it's been that long.  Although I'm nowhere near 50 years of age, I enjoy the Peanuts comic strip and I've read it for as long as I can remember.  This is a wonderful book to read to kids or to yourself.  It's a great compilation of Charles Schulz's creative genius.  It may be...but it's worth the cost.
This book includes the full text of the original children's classic which is my three-year-old daughter's favorite. I guess I didn't read the description very carefully because I was surprised at how large this book was, however. It makes the pictures fun to pour over but sometimes it can be awkward and it is impossible to take this book on car trips. My daughter loves to mimic the peddler and the monkeys.
This is a review for the CompTIA Security+ All-in-One Exam Guide 2nd edition.I am a trainer/course developer for a technical school and am in charge of developing our new Security+ course to begin in 2011. I reviewed this and several other books (along with other study materials) to use in the course.This is a fairly well-written book, nice hard cover and sturdy. CD worked flawlessly. There is one full practice exam on the disc. Also, there is an e-book on the disc. The book has a decent glossary and index. This book has appendix information on the OSI model, which is a good refresher. It has more information in general than most of the books I reviewed for Security+. But the reader should know that some of these concepts are not covered on the real exam.Here are some of the things that caused me to give this book 4 stars instead of 5:1. The book only has one practice exam, and it's on the CD only.2. I found what I believe to be several inaccuracies about networking and security that could cause the reader to get one or more questions incorrect on the real exam.3. The questions in general need to be more like the real exam. The questions are not bad, it's just that they don't really reflect the "feel" of the real test. However, if you study conceptually (as you should) these questions will help you in the long run.4. A general lack of illustrations, figures, and similar items.Because of these things I decided to use two other books for the course I am developing.I always recommend a second (and perhaps even a third) test preparation source. A second study guide couldn't hurt. It's always good to get two viewpoints when studying for an exam.All in all, not a bad book. A decent study guide, but I would supplement it with secondary material, and especially more practice questions.
This is Richard Herman's 11th book featuring the ongoing saga of the Pontowski family of exemplary military men, and it is his best work to date. What is enjoyable for me is to see a writer's talent deepen and enrich itself as the reader goes from earlier to later works. Herman's first book, &quot;Warbirds&quot; was and is a good read, but it was a first book and it showed. &quot;The Last Phoenix&quot; is simply spellbinding. While it has all of the acronyms associated with &quot;techno-thrillers&quot;, it has an intense, fast paced plot and characters that are well drawn, and with whom we really become involved. It centers around a plot between the Chinese and certain Middle Eastern countries to defeat America's military. While it is the latest in a series, it is a stand alone work, and although there are references to what went on in the earlier books, reading them is not essential to the enjoyment of this book. The plot not only involve military action, but has much to do with national politics as well, as embattled President Madeline Turner fights spineless, conniving pols to lead the Country in time of war.But overall it is what good adventure fiction is all about: believeable characters involved in an intense, fast moving plot. There is only one caveat, though: be warned that you will probably want to read the whole series. But that's OK, right? After all, most readers are always looking for a &quot;good read&quot;, and this is surely that, but with ten predecessors waiting for you.
I have just discovered Edmund Crispin and am delighted at his humour, erudition, plotting and character development.  So glad that my Kindle has a built-in dictionary, although it is not always able to keep up with this author, so I often have to resort to my Complete Oxford.  Tracking down esoteric word definitions pleases me, as being mysteries within the mystery.  And if one does not wish to pursue Crispin's William Buckley-ish vocabulary, the words are used in context so that the narrative never misses a beat.
Davies write a fantastic story that will not appeal to hipsters looking for sarcastic smarmy prose but to readers who like a good story written with wit and intelligence and grace. Even if you can't relate to Dunstable Ramsay the school teacher or don't care about the history of saints or what constitutes a modern saint, it is difficult not to appreciate Davie's easy style and engaging stories. The entire trilogy is excellent, but this is his triumph. It is a shame that writers like Davies are lost to time; he deserves better.
The pre-schooler may struggle, but this certainly is a heady work for the 4+ year old and their curious, open parents
What can one say? Just sit back and admire the genius at work !  A real gift for situations, dialogue, feelings.
While this is a short book and easy to read, it does not lack substance. Being in advertising and marketing, I know the value of a brand. But as D'Alessandro points out in his book, branding is the business of everyone in an organization.This book would be of value to a CEO of a large organization and all of its employees or the owner of a one-person shop and all advertising people. Branding, after all, is something everyone is responsible for. It is not the exclusive domain of the ad agency.The book shows how a large, well-known brand can lose market share overnight to an Internet start up. There is much in this book that will be of great value to you if you want to be a well-respected brand --- whether you are a big business or a one-person brand.Susanna K. HutchesonOwner &amp; Executive Copy DirectorPowerwriting.com LLC
You will be amazed and astonished at the accuracy of the information given you on many levels.  These cards will feel like a whack upside your head --or-- a much needed wake-up call.  They are well worth the price...I have worn out one set so have purchased another.  If you are like me you may find your mouth hanging open when you get some much needed clarification and information....stunningly accurate and amazing cards. Add then to your library you will be well pleased.
Angle of Repose is two stories in one. First, it is the present- tense story of Lyman Ward, a retired History professor who is researching the life of his Grandmother, Susan Burling Ward. The results of Lyman's research form the narration of the second story contained in the book, that of his grandmother's life and times.For his research, Lyman draws from a well of letters written by his Grandmother. However, a bone disease has left him unable to type the narrative of his research. He therefore hires a transcriptionist, Shelley, the daughter of a family that has been in long service to the Ward family. The interaction between Lyman and Shelley accentuates the strained relationship that Lyman has with his own son.Angle of Repose is at its heart a story of the Ward family. Written during the turbulent days of the Viet Nam War, the theme of generational conflict is set in high relief. The title of the book is taken from geological science, and refers to the angle at which a rock rolling down an incline eventually comes to rest. The term finds its fulfillment in the story as Lyman comes to grips with his immediate family's troubles by studying the trials endured by his grandmother and his surveyor grandfather.This is an outstanding story. The only complaint I can make about it has to do with a dream sequence at the end of the book, although I'm not sure what would the story would sacrifice if the sequence were excluded. That notwithstanding, the character of Susan Burling Ward is one of the most fascinating characters in American Literature, and Angle of Repose is a triumph of American Literature. Simply a MUST READ.
I usually read these kinds of motivational business books in search of wisdom to make me a better person. This book is no different. There are numerous issues in our daily lives that prevent us from being truly effective in society. Oliver addresses many of them in this book from a perspective of someone who has learned to entertain big possibilities, focused on making them happen, and overcome many challenges along the way. While Oliver's personal testimony to achieving success is informative and inspiring, it is his underlying message of how to prepare oneself for the task of reaching for personal greatness - the ability to make a difference in life - that makes this book a real keeper. First we need to conceive an end in mind to our search for what we want to become. For Oliver it amounts to falling in love with an ideal that can inspire others, whether it be a portrayal of life through the pursuit of writing poetry, painting, or doing acts of charity. Reaching this state of understanding requires learning to overcome limiting beliefs that stand in our way. Oliver identifies them and shows us how to overcome them by recognizing them for what they are: game-stoppers. Next, we have to build ourselves up by utilizing resources that are at our disposal. That might mean finding mentors to guide us, reading books that will enlighten us, and researching ideas that fire our imagination. As these attitudes are being fostered, Oliver recommends that we indulge in activities that encourage the active practice of what interests us. An interest in poetry or public affairs should get us writing verse or blogging. To that end he shows how we can draw information to us that will equip us with the tools - even a simple notebook at our bedside - to get going with our lives. He also advices us to establish reliable sources from which we can formulate new ideas. These respected authorities in our lives help us to be more confident in embracing change and seeking out success in others. It is incumbent on us to be able to recognize success and move towards it with the goal of becoming a better person. Defeatism becomes less of an option when one begins to see oneself as being successful. Seven years ago, I started out blogging with forty hits a day. Today, I have a website that has been fine-tuned over the years to the point of attracting thousands of hits. Where I want to take this project is defined how I continue to grow as an individual in relation to the bigger world out there.
TC Boyle challenges the reader to &quot;hold on&quot; through the chapters as you race along the rivers and lives of this story. I was enchanted, humored. frightened, anxious and enriched with this experience.  Not only  did  I burn out quite a few flashlight batteries reading late into the  night trying not to disturb my husband, but realized I needed to find a  more advanced dictionary/thesaurus to keep up with Mr. Boyle's remarkable  command of vocabulary.  Great fun!
I have read all o;f Michael Palmer's books to date.  I always look forward to his next work.  I find him to be an excellent author who will give us much more to be enthrolled with.
"The Trend Following Bible by Andrew Abraham", one which I recently rated a five star on Amazon, mentioned this book several times positively. So, I tried and love it. Without a single chart or TA tool at all, this book reminded me, a trend follower under a losing streak, of what wrongs I had made and what rules I had not followed. In case you want a great book about trend following philosophy/psychology, you will be greatly satisfied. Yet, if you want to learn TA techniques to read the trend, please look for some books else.p.s. Below please find some of my favorite passages for your reference.Do not strive for things occurring to occur as you wish, but wish the things occurring as they occur, and you will flow well. - Epictetus pg2Trend following starts with knowing when to do nothing. The market is screaming like a spoiled brat? Step to the side. That's your first play. Pg7If you must play, decide upon three things at the start: the rules of the game, the stakes, and quitting time. - Chinese Proverb pg8Panics do not destroy capital - they merely reveal the extent to which it has previously been destroyed by its betrayal in hopelessly unproductive works. - John MillsThere cannot be a suggestion that the attempt of describing, explaining, predicting, and controlling is wrong, no matter how foolish it may appear. Let men be fools because that is part of their nature. - Kent Thune Pg9Consider timeless qualities to speculation: Self-reliance, Judgment, Courage, Prudence, Pliability. Pg30Trend following works because you don't outthink it. You are a follower, not a predictor. - Daniel P. Collins pg42The market is not the economy and the market has no sympathy for you, your family, or your emotions. It might not be fair, it might not be right, but it is what it is. - Cullen Roche pg42Don't guess how far a trend will go. You cannot. Price makes the news, not the other way around. A market is going to go where a market is going to go. Pg51Price is a fact; all else conjecture. Pg52No one can predict the future. If you can take the would be, could be, should be out of life and look at what actually is, you have a big advantage over most human beings. What matters can be measured, so keep refining your measurements. Losses are a part of life. There is only now. - Charles Faulkner Pg59You really have no control over the results; you have control over the action. If facing in the right direction, all you have to do is keep on walking. Pg73If trend trader Amos Hostetter of Commodities Corporation lost 25%, he'd exit: "Never mind the cheese. Let me out of the trap." Pg74The time to think most clearly about when you will exit is before you ever get in. pg75You cant win if you are not willing to lose. It's like breathing in, but not breathing out. - Ed Seykota pg76Trading is a waiting game. You sit, you wait, and you make a lot of money all at once. Profits come in bunches. The trick when going sideways between home runs is not to lose too much in between. - Greg Burns Pg78Nobody can demonstrate that a complex mathematical equation can answer the simple question: Is the market moving up, down or sideways? pg85Buying high and selling low, over the long run, keeps you opposite hedgers who eventually pay for the privilege of transferring their risk to the market....Someone's gotta lose for you to win.  - Dave Druz pg88If you don't know who you are, the markets are an expensive place to find out. Pg102When you believe trading is simply a probability game, concepts like right and wrong or win and lose no longer have the same significance. - Mark Douglas pg130Buffett's reality is that he is the greatest PR person of recent times. And he has managed to achieve a snow job that has conned virtually everyone in the press to my knowledge...and it is remarkable that he continues to do it. - Michael Steinhardt pg158The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn and relearn. - Alvin Toffler pg164In chat rooms, anonymity fuels a liar's sense of invincibility, and his statements are often so bold and outrageous it's amazing anyone takes it seriously. Yet there is no shortage of individuals ready to look for new confidants among the shadowy charlatans of the internet. - David Silverman pg170The Internet is arbitraging away everything. Man's greatest invention is eliminating the need for people. How will you adjust? Pg185If trend following works so well, why aren't more people doing it? Acknowledging complete ignorance about the future is tough to accept, admit, and act on, but that is what trend following requires you to do. Pg185This is a game of misses. The guy who misses the best is going to win. - Ben Hogan pg187When you walk into the room, if you don't know who the mark is - you are the mark. Pg205Not clever or gifted, just curious. Pg207No one is going to know or care about your failures. All you have to do is learn from them because all that matters is that you get it right once. Then everyone can tell you how lucky you were. - Mark Cuban Pg209You have a real life if and only if you do not compete with anyone in any of your pursuits. - Nassim Nicholas Taleb pg212You cant change the direction of the wind, but you can adjust your sails. Pg220It's quite true what philosophy says, that life must be understood backwards. But one then forgets the other principle, that it must be lived forwards. A principle which, the more one thinks it through, precisely leads to the conclusion that life in time can never be properly understood, just because no moment can acquire the complete stillness needed to orient oneself backward. Pg232
The Daughter of Time by Josephine TeyAlan Grant is in the hospital with a broken leg and concussed spine; he fell through a trap door when chasing a crook. Bored, he asked for some books and prints. One of those prints has the portrait of Richard III. one of the greatest villains in English history according to the legends. Are histories written by the winners to justify their actions? Grant develops an interest in English history in general and the time of Richard III. His Parliament was the most liberal and progressive on record; why was he such a villain? In Chapter 3 it says that Tyrrell was hanged for smothering the Two Princes after being found guilty and confessing. That should pretty much solve the crime.Thomas More's "History of Richard III" was based on hearsay (Chapter 7). More got his story from John Morton, a bitter enemy of Richard III. Richard III's contemporaries did not mention the murder of the Two Princes, not did Henry VII in his Bill of Attainder after Richard III's death. The conclusion must be that the Two Princes were still alive! In Chapter 8 Elizabeth Mackintosh misrepresents the Boston Massacre, so I question her story about Tonypandy. [The Boston Massacre was real. The troops who shot into an unarmed crowd were tried for murder, and acquitted.] The conversations between Grant and Carradine are used to explain late 15th century history. The Bishop of Bath told of an early marriage of Edward IV that would disinherit Edward's children, the Two Princes and their sister Elizabeth (future wife of Henry VII). Richard III's mistake was to pardon Lord Stanley and Bishop Morton (Chapter 10). Perhaps Richard III was too easy-going with his enemies?Chapter 11 tells about two Scottish women martyrs in a legend that has never been verified. Why did Henry VII order the destruction of Titulus Regius without it being read by Parliament? Why did nobody speak then about the death of the Two Princes, if it did happen then? The fact that the murder of the Two Princes was never mentioned while Richard III was alive must mean they were still alive. Grant explained who benefitted from their death (Chapter 13). Sir James Tyrrell was well-rewarded by Henry VII until a falling-out in 1502 (Chapter 14). Then he was captured and beheaded without a trial! The story of a confession came later. Those who had prospered under Richard III died when Henry VII took power. [The story about Richard III's "warm heartedness" reminds me of Machiavelli's advice that it is better to be feared than loved.]Henry VII was the first English king to have a bodyguard (Chapter 15). They tell of the events of 1486, when Sir James Tyrrell received a general pardon in June, then a second in July. Henry VII invented the Star Chamber, the classic example of tyranny. Chapter 16 summarizes the known facts. Grant finds Richard III innocent of murdering the Two Princes (who were obstacles to Henry Tudor). There is a surprise in Chapter 17. Ever since the Stuarts they knew that Richard III was innocent! Horace Walpole wrote about this in the eighteenth century. So why has the vicious legend kept going? Blame William Shakespeare and his play. Just as Hollywood created a "Wild West" of Cowboys and Indians to hide and obscure the real history of the late 19th century America. Grant explains why the mystery about the deaths suggests Henry VII's guilt.I wonder why there was no print of Henry VII here? Richard III has "quite a nice face, isn't it?" Can you judge a person by their looks? It was the policy of Henry VII to eliminate all rivals to the throne, such as the heirs of York, but few details are given here.
Scott Goodson's timely book, Uprising: How to Build a Brand - and Change the World - by Sparking Cultural Movements, is something all business owners should read. Scott provides great examples of how cultural movements have changed society and how some companies formed or adapted their brand to go with such movements. Uprising is eight chapters, 234 pages of writing, and addresses everything from what is a movement to how it will affect everything in the future.Goodson gives stellar examples of Pepsi and Proctor & Gamble and how they are shifting to this new phenomenon and moving away from traditional marketing and advertising. For the small business owner, this is great news for you as well. Small business can utilize social media tools (the means of cultural movements) to create buzz for their businesses and at the same time effect change.The best part of the book for small business owners is on page 23-25 - about the basics of a movement. Scott's roadmap is simple (Dos and Don'ts):* "Sharing is the new currency" - sharing is essential in business* The importance of "quiet transparency" - businesses must do the right thing* The keys to identifying "ideas on the rise" in culture - connect with people to understand passions and dreams* Figuring out where your brand or company fits into the conversation - clarify what your company stands for* In-groups, out-groups, and identifying the "bad guy" - find out what your customer likes most* Understand who's in charge - sometimes it means giving up control of the company message, but relying on the "bottom up, self-organizing system that is autonomous, passionate, and self-sustaining"* How to light the spark - find the "X factor that brings the movement to life or enables it to grow" (Goodson, pg. 23-25).This is the first book I have read on cultural movements, but it is a good one. This book was first reviewed on Inteljim.com.
I literally love this book, it is one of the best books i have invested intoand it has great pictures and uses of the herbs and clear color picturesalso pictures of the variety of the same type of herb.  Really a great investment,
Okay so there once was an island with dinosaurs.  That's about all the book and movie have in common. Very good read, could not put it down. I watched the movie when I was younger but only just read the book.
Although I, like indeed many other reviewers do, think that Thomas Harris' earlier work is better than "Hannibal", I still think it's a good read and that it dosen't warrant such harsh criticism that is displayed here in this forum and elsewhere.It is true, that Mr Harris' style of writing in the first two books in the Hannibal Lector trilogy is indeed very poetic, aspiring to literary genius even. Also it is true, that the style of writing in "Hannibal" is less than perfect compared to the two previous volumes, but this dosen't mean that it is bad. Far from it. It is very enjoyable and Mr Harris still manages to thrill and captivate the reader with his fine storytelling. It is still far better than most you'll ever see in print.As for the main character, I tend to agree with many other reviewers, in their claim that Hannibal has changed. It is only natural that he would have. The timespan over which the three books take their course is consierable, also this volume is in an entirely different setting than the last two. He is now free instead of being kept in a maximum security prison. He is arrogant and mad as ever though, and still very much a murderer. There have however, also happened bad things to the character. He has become a sort of guardian angel to Clarice Starling, in very much the same way, a school bully, who fancies a girl "over" him would do. This trait of his, I think is a bit out of character, and I don't really care for it.Clarice Starling also goes through some changes in this book. Her transformation I think is just a bit too sudden, however drug induced it may be. I think it is a bit of a stretch the way her character ends up in the ending of the book.The supporting cast is very colourful. Some characters are very sound I think, take for instance the Italian police officer Pazzi, whereas others seem a bit more far fetched, par example the body building sister of Mason Verger. However, I believe that they all in all create, at least an interesting gallery of people to act in this story.The last chapter could have been omitted or better yet, have been rewritten.[SPOILER] The last chapter didn't go that well with the rest of the story I think, and honestly, I think we could have been spared the whole love story between the doctor and Starling. The affection/admiring from afar was about as far as that storyline should have been taken.All in all, I think this is a good book. It may not be as good as Red Dragon or Silence of the Lambs, but it is still a good book, and definitely worth a read.
I was so happy to learn today that this book is still in print as I have had occasion over the years to recommend it to many, many fiction writers I have coached in the writing of their novels.  I first read it more than 20 years ago, and in pulling it down from my shelf I find that it still seems to me to have exceptionally clear explanations of point of view -- a hard concept for many first-time writers to get right -- and of theme -- a nebulous but important concept.  If you want to master fictional technique, study this book.  One of the best investments of time and money you could make!
This book is about the author's real life experience of her sister's mental breakdown that happened when the author was twelve and her sister was nineteen.  The book is written entirely in poems.  These poems don't tell the story from start to finish, but instead they show brief moments in the life of he narrator as she talks about visiting her sister or telling her friends that her sister is in a mental hospital, or when she talks about starting to date a new boy at school.  Everything in her life is affected by her sister and the unhappiness and guilt she feels about her sister's condition.Reading this story in poem form made it more powerful for me.  I felt like so much was said in a small amount of space; it was better than a narrative and seemed to me to get across more feeling than a regular book would have.  I felt like I really knew these sisters.  I liked how many of the poems were flashbacks.  I also liked the metamorphosis of the narrator who was eventually able to grow cofident and positive.  I felt like the narrator's parents should have been able to help her out more, instead of being wrapped up in their own thoughts.
I wasn't quite sure what I was letting myself into with 'Hacking Exposed'. In fact, I'm not even sure why I bought it - curiosity, I suppose. Being reasonably computer literate, I expected to find stuff that I might quickly understand. Sadly for me, I guess I'm not as computer savvy as I thought since about 70% of the content went way over my head. That's not the book's fault, since it is well laid out, well thought out and well presented.Maybe what got me in the end was the SUID shell... [tsuiami}$ echo &quot;/bin/cp /bin/sh /tmp/.sh ; /bin/chmod 4755 / tmp/ .sh&quot; /etc/rc.d/rc3.d/s99local (page 369)Any/clues/anyone? I'm;well;lost!Certainly, for anyone who's in touch with 'real' programming, at least 'Hacking' talks about security from an offensive angle. A full catalog of the weaponry that black-hat hackers use is laid out in its full gore.
It is a commonplace that the U.S. healthcare system is broken, but the discussion often degenerates into a debate about who is responsible. This book takes a different approach, focusing on what is wrong with the healthcare system and needs to change so it can work better.The proposed solution is to discard the current fee for healthcare service model, in which healthcare providers are systematically paid to treat illness without recompense for fostering welfare, and create a three-track system:(1) Fee for service would continue to apply to diagnostic services, where - due to the nature of the patient's condition and the state of medical knowledge - there is a high need for intuitive investigation versus results-based treatment for conditions that are well understood.  (The process described brings to mind episodes of House, a TV show in which a brilliant but irascible doctor challenges a team of colleagues to find the problem before the patient dies.)(2)  Fee for result would apply for treating conditions that are well understood and have a clearly defined solution -- colonoscopies, laser eye surgery, implantation of stents, etc.(3) User networks for patients with chronic conditions/ unhealthy practices to learn how they can help themselves and be motivated to do so.As is pointed out again and again, disruptive changes will be needed to get from A to B.  Thus, hospitals must be redirected to focus on diagnostic services and cede provision of standardized care and wellness coordination to specialized clinics and other agencies.  Primary care physicians (the traditional "family doctor") should concentrate on diagnostic services at a lower level rather than acting as "gatekeepers" for referrals to specialists.  Enabling changes in reimbursement rules, health insurance arrangements, and medical record keeping are spelled out in detail.When the dust settles, there will be fewer hospitals (with the survivors focused on enhanced diagnosis, like the Mayo Clinic), fewer medical specialists (who currently operate in narrow niches, often without a full grasp of a patient's situation), more primary care physicians and nurses with augmented responsibilities, a new model for pharmaceutical companies that focuses on targeted medications for precisely defined conditions versus the development and marketing of "blockbuster" drugs that only help a fraction of the users and require enormously expensive mass clinical trials, and a lot of medical work performed by less highly trained personnel with better diagnostic tools.Andy Kessler presented an analogous vision in "The End of Medicine: How Silicon Valley (and Naked Mice) Will Reboot Your Doctor," Harper Collins (2006).  His book is very entertaining, but this one covers the ground in a more disciplined and comprehensive manner.  I would recommend "The Innovator's Prescription" for anyone who is seriously concerned about the current healthcare system.Doctors, hospitals, and other healthcare providers cannot make the needed changes on their own, because they do not control all the levers.  Having the government take the lead is said to be problematic, for reasons that are dispassionately stated and I happen to agree with. The authors suggest that the best candidate entities for leading the transition to healthcare in the new mode might be employers that profit from the good health of their employees.  Then there is the intriguing possibility of expanding the role of integrated healthcare providers,e.g., Kaiser Permanente.Let's hope our country chooses the right path.
This isn't a book I read quickly as thee was a lot of information to process. It wasn't a &#34;fun&#34; read either with lots of information being presented; however, some of the stories told are amazing - the author parachuting into Afghanistan with Russian soldiers for one. If you have an interest in the CIA, well worth the time to read through. Also, know that the author feels compelled that the attacks on 9/11 should have been prevented with his case inside the book too.
This story takes place in a small mining town located close to the sea.  The town is in a Northern European country, which, judging by the last names of the characters could be Norway.  One Sunday morning at 10:45 AM a foreign force of gray uniformed soldiers drives into town and occupies it.  Two officials, the postman and the policeman, are out on the ocean, on a fishing trip, in Mr. Corell's boat.  The shopkeeper, Mr. Corell, has also organized a shooting competition for the local troops.  They are out of town when the gray uniformed soldiers arrive.  The occupation goes off without much of a hitch.  A bad of occupying soldiers plays for the entertainment of the citizens.  All seems calm, but in time the town's people become shocked, then angry, then view the new soldiers with great resentment.  In order to gain the support of the people Colonel Lanser, the commanding officer of the occupiers, hopes to enlist the co-operation of Mayor Orden and Doctor Winter.  Lanser reveals to these two that Mr. Corell has in fact been co-operating with them for some time.  That is how the invasion went so smoothly.  The Colonel asks why don't Orden and Winter co-operate as the shopkeeper did?  Orden and Winter are greatly surprised.  They wonder world the town's people follow them even if they did co-operate?  The mayor and the doctor see no alternative but to quietly resist.  Indeed the whole town will in secret resist.This book was first published in 1942.  Although the invaders are never clearly identified as Nazis the text reveals that: (1) they are at war with England and Russia, (2) they follow a revered Leader, who must be obeyed at all costs, and (3) they remember defeats in Belgium and France in a previous war 20 years ago.John Steinbeck is of course a famous author and a winner of the 1962 Nobel Prize for Literature.  This book was written about one third of the way into his writing career.  By then he had written many of the books he is most famous for, such asOf Mice and Men (Steinbeck Centennial Edition)andThe Grapes of Wrath (Centennial Edition).  All this of course leads the reader to expect that this will be a great work of art.  Unfortunately reading it is a little like seeing those old black and white World War 2 movies, where the heroes, little men, struggle on valiantly against the implacable enemy.  The book was in fact almost immediately on publication made into a movie.  Steinbeck wrote the book "... to motivate and enthuse the resistance movements in occupied countries ..." (Wikipedia) and editions were indeed secretly published in occupied France, Norway, Sweden, Denmark the Netherlands and Italy. (Wikipedia)  The propaganda ethos is strong and to modern readers a little false.  It should be noted that when Steinbeck wrote the book he had no experience of war, or occupation, and had never been to Europe.  This is perhaps why the novel lacks the authenticity of his well knows depression and rural American novels.To give Steinbeck his credit, though, it should be noted that, unlike those old movies, the Nazis are not faceless enemies of ultimate evil.  We are presented with a very human array of soldiers, each one with his own motivations and reactions to various circumstances.  Colonel Lanser is indeed the most interesting character in the book.  He remembers the mistakes of the previous war and has doubts about his superior's orders.  He is a man who looks for the path of least suffering, yet he is still a Nazi.  Mayor Orden is also of some interest.  He is a simple man, at times almost a buffoon, yet he knows what is right.The novel reads very easily and the plot moves along at an interesting pace.  Chapter Six, revolving around Molly and Lieutenant Tonder, is perhaps the best written, very human but somehow not quite poignant.  Steinbeck writes in a very theatrical style, with much dialog, interior, one room sets and minimal narration.  At times this style works and on other occasions it seems stilted.In the past this book was a great commercial success and I do not mean to be overly critical of it.  Let's face it, even today; people still like those old war movies.  This novel is not bad, but not great.
I was preparing my course on data structures following this text. It is nicely written, straight, concise and accesible. The only drawback is that the code must be adapted to newer language standards. Some figures are wrongly referenced inside text, and others have some errors. With patience (a lot), and a bunch of paper and pencil besides, anything goes ok, but. If there is and updated edition out there, it should be fine!
This is a good book about discipline,offers some good ideas to understand/manage the causes of bad behavior (including the parents themselves) but it is not so different from other discipline books. If you are already familiar with this topic do not expect a lot of new ideas, otherwise it may be good for you.
I have read many screenwriting books and this is the most complete.  It takes you by the hand through each step of the process.  I would recommend it to anyone interested in screenwriting.  The book even states that if you follow the steps in the 12 chapters it should take you 120 hours and would be equivelent to a college course.  No need for any other training.  This book is it!
This was a very enjoyable book, only one problem. Our smart protagonists, are starting to catch on very slowly to Count Olaf's schemes. Perhaps their continuous disapointments have started to affect them? From the moment the _____ (I will not reveal the title) was introduced, I knew where the Quagmires were, it was very simple logic, which the Bauldelaires didn't seem to notice. I recommend these books along with the rest in the series, but I hope that the next book will be as good as 5 and 6, which kept me on the edge of my seat. Snicket has done it again...except a bit more predictably.
I just loved it. I started reading and could not put it down trying to find out what she meant.
By Jane McCaffertyGrowing, aging, and evolving, is inevitable. It is life. It is meant to be. Ideally, a couple remains connected and does this together. That is the vow of marriage. Commitment is the root of the vow. It takes equal commitment from both people, and it must be sincere, from the heart.Evvie and Ben have been together since college. Common childhoods and interests brought them together, sealing their bond.As years pass and life happens, differences form. Ben becomes involved in the corporate world. Creating a career also provides a lifestyle for them as a couple. He feels this is the best road to take to achieve the goals best suited for their future.Evvie holds onto her ideals and the freedom that comes with them. She clings to what the couple originally had together. Suddenly, she realizes that Ben has taken a different road, one without her. She becomes obsessed with the idea that they belong together, whatever the cost. She sets her mind on this idea, going to extreme lengths to keep them together.The story of a couple is told in their alternating voices. It is an emotional story, taking you inside a marriage, revealing a couple who have grown apart. This novel explores the issue from the inside out.
Ok, call me crazy but I started applying these principles and WOW! Believe me, I've always been a rigid cynical person but part of my path is to learn how to instill the magic ingredient into my life; FAITH. This book as well as "The Magic of Believing" has opened that amazing door for me. I applied these simple concepts to my life and I am no longer flat footed for one example. That's right the power of God flowing through my subconscious put arches in my feet after nearly 40 years.You may see some negative reviews on this and "The Magic of Believing" and all I can tell you is they are absolutely correct. Yes I said CORRECT! Why? Because as Jesus said "According to your faith it is done for you!" Therefore if they believe it's not going to work then they are 100% right; it won't work. If that's you then you would be better off spending your money on a pack of cigarettes. If you want to explore your faith then these two books are a must have.
I've had this book around the house for awhile and just recently found it during a move. For some reason I was thinking it was like the "Old Lady who swallowed a fly" books but its not.... its so much better.My 3 year old son knows every part. We can ask him what the pair of shoes do, or the hat, and he will tell us and imitate the actions. His favorite part is when the Big Orange Pumpkin Head says boo. Now he calls all pumpkins, Pumpkin Heads.Its a fun book that should be part of every family's library.
An excellent overview of Six Sigma, this book provides insight into how to get started with the methodology. Not too technical, not too light.
If you woke up to the evil in the world late in life...read this book!If you think the world is one big Disneyland...read this book!If you need courage to deal with family of origin concerns...read this book!If you feel guilty for negative reactions to others' impositions...read this book!It's a pat on the back for the good guys and a helpful set of conversations to hang a lot of day-to-day reality on.&#34;In Him was life and that life was the light of men&#34;
This book presents a good amount of material. It also has a good amount of solved problems for each section and usually explains what is going on. For the price I can't find anything wrong with it.
Marie Killilea brings us more of the courage, love, and faith she showed in &quot;Karen&quot; - and all the more powerfully, for not only the disabled Karen but the profoundly Catholic Gloria are the heroines of this book. The love for life and rich humour that both had, despite the heartbreak of their situations, is powerful. And,  to top it off, there are many hilarious scenes as well.
These classic routines are now being milked ad infinitum each week.  Keillor has given up trying to resist a cloying public and has decided to pander to them.  Even tall radio comedians need love.The comedy overflows with familiar icons of childhood and small-town American life - daydreams and disappointments, baseball and Boy Scouts, lawn ornaments and storm windows, Main Street and Founder's Square.  But Keillor works his local-color material so that it debunks the same sentimentality and nostalgia that it evokes. In the final analysis the narrator's praise for small-town America is about as trustworthy as a prepuescent boy's booming baritone.Such a complex fella.  Keillor left Lake Wobegone for a clear and understandable reason:  he was stultified by the environment and the atmosphere where "artsy" types were viewed with deep suspicion and contempt.However, this was the ground he stood on, unlike so many others, and it became his lifelong meal ticket...
A real celebration of the insects. Fourteen neat poems - you can read just one side and enjoy the poems too if you don't have a partner onhand but listening to them read by two people is neat!  Really great drawings throughout - obviously done by a nature lover.  The poems are funny and at times like haiku too.
Sometimes A Great Notion is, in my humble opinion, one of the finest pieces of American literature. I read this book when I was 18, 25, 33, 45 and now once again at my half-century mark.  With each read the book has taken on more meaning, more clarity, more subtlety--more importance to living itself.When I heard of Kesey's passing recently I felt a remorse, a sadness that I had never gone out of my way to meet him and look him in the eye and tell him that this one work of his had touched my life in many ways, moreso than almost any other book I've read.Other reviews here sum up the narrative well, but there is one passage near the end that cuts far into the meat of the novel:"...there is always a sanctuary more, a door that can never be forced whatever the force; a last inviolable stronghold that cannot be taken, whatever the attack.  Your vote can be taken, your name, your innards, even your life.  But that last stronghold can only be surrendered--and to surrender it for any reason other than love is to surrender love..."An important lesson for us all.  We can only hope that Ken has found his eternal sanctuary.
Got this for my pilot husband and he really liked it.  Sounds like it got technical and gave him info that he enjoyed learning.
Simply and briefly written. Author made it seem like giving a presentation can be an easy, comfortable and exciting experience.
If you need to sell but are not the &quot;sales&quot; type, I think you'd really like this book. I've just started a business and have been deeply dreading going out and selling my services because of what I've read about &quot;closing&quot; and &quot;overcoming objections&quot; and all that. Whenever I'd read Tom Hopkins, Zig Ziglar, et. al. and I would just think, &quot;I CANNOT SAY THAT!&quot; Pushy sales people make me want to puke. I am so glad to have found the alternative. Plus, I really like the fact that this is not just somebody's THEORY - it's based on research.
This book on Dogs covered dogs that I had never heard of and all the dogs that I am familiar with in the US. It is well worth the money.
If you want to improve your investing skills, are willing to expend the time and the expense of IBD subscriptions, this book is actually better, more helpful than O'Neill's.  It desperately needs a glossary.  Terms which are common to investors have completely different meanings to the non-investor.
I am a huge Patterson fan and love the Cross books. His writing inspired me and many other thriller writers to craft out stories. I think this new novel is up there with the best of his back issues. The usual snappy writing style and short chapters take you through the plot at a fast pace of knots and there are the usual twist and turns in the story which make it seem much shorter than it is. That is a good thing when you get lost in a thriller and time flies while you are immersed in the characters and the plotline. I can see why the price tag annoys some readers, the big publishers are setting downloads at silly prices that cannot be justified. Great thriller novel, highly recommended!!
Has been very instructive when dealing with tough relationships.  I especially like the part about stressing common goals with the other party.
Like so many books that I've read recently, I had a difficult time getting into this one. I found the first 100 pages or so to be quite unnecessarily drawn out. I struggled to get through many of the long descriptions and almost gave up until the incident in the library. That, for me, is when the story picked up and began to flow.  I enjoyed the rest of the book immensely. Robbie's experiences in France and Briony's experiences as a nurse were written in such a way that I could see myself there with them. The ending was beautifully written.  Four out of five stars from me, only because of the first 100 pages.
After having a very difficult time breastfeeding my first child, and having her wean to full time formula at eight weeks, I was determined to find out what went wrong and rectify any issues next time around. A friend loaned me her copy of this book, and it gave me numerous light bulb moments. Not only was I able to ascertain why I had such a short, troubled breastfeeding journey with my first, but I also found out why my mother had been unable to breastfeeding me. I felt like the generational hoodoo had been lifted!Breastfeeding is a confidence trick - knowledge is power and this book provides excellent knowledge in an easy to read format and matter-of-fact tone. I went into my breastfeeding journey with my second child with so much confidence. She is 13 months old today, and still going strong. She has never been supplemented and I have not bought a single can of formula. I recommend this book highly to anyone wanting to breastfeed.
A teacher gave me this book and I thought it was a fun enjoyable &#34;math book&#34;. A kind of math that I think anyone could get into if they didn't pick it up expecting to have their math pants scared off of them.
I saw the movie before reading the book and thought the movie was fanastic. So I am not sure how much that may have influenced by opinion of the novel.I loved the idea of this book. I thought the relationship between Clare as a child and Henry as middle-aged man was beautiful. I found it to be a very spiritual reminder that although our bodies change from childhood to old-age, we are the same within--the soul never changes.I loved how the book was written in fragments and skipped around in time. While it may be confusing to the reader, it is this puzzle-like love story that makes this book so unique. The characters have different parts of the story and at the end it all comes together.However, I have some criticisms that I thought greatly interfered with and took away from the novel's potential. For one, the vulgar sexual language was a huge turn-off. I don't think such language really flows well in a love story. I thought that it 'cheapened' the quality of the story and I tried my best to ignore the multiple times it came up in the book.I felt as if the author filled the book with a lot of subplots and characters that were just not very necessary or interesting. I realize that maybe aside from the time travel Clare and Henry's life together was kind of typical--and that is not very exciting... but other parts of the story could have been developed much more. Maybe more depth could have been added to the characters that were used. I would have liked to know more about Henry's father and his relationship with his time traveling son. Or Henry's visits with his mother. Why Henry transformed so dramatically after he met Clare. I felt like the movie did a much better job with exploring this than the book did.I also like stories where the characters ponder their situations. Henry nor Clare seem to really do this. This is a story about having no free will. Each and every character is a slave programmed to follow through with some predetermined actions. Never in the book do they seem to dicuss this sad situation nor do they try to rebel against it or change it. They simply accept in defeat that it must be. As a reader, I can accept that this may be the case, but I would have liked to see some kind of struggle or attempt to break free. Or at the very least some philosophical questioning about why this is and what it means. In that sense the book was shallow and left something deeper to be desired.I didn't buy the medical slant. I would have prefered the mystery surrounding Henry's condition--but I can see how it played an important role in other parts of the book. How it may have given reader's some explanation and hope for what may have happened to Henry in his 40's when he stopped traveling (Was he cured?) and the connection between the miscarriages and their daughter who was also a time traveler. But for some reason it all seemed out of place in the book and I didn't find the medical explanation satisfying or useful in any way.The mysteries I wish the book would have explained more was how Henry managed to hold a job all those years? What was his relationship like with his father? When did his father realize his son was a time traveler and how did he react to or explain this? How did Henry try to rescue his mother? Why did Henry begin traveling at the late age of six while his children did so in utero? How can a person handle living a life where he feels as if he has absolutely no control and all his actions have been predetermined? How does Clare feel about never having any choice in any of this? The book did nothing to explain any of these questions. And I was grateful that at least the movie tries to answer some of them.Overall, aside from the uneveness and flaws, I enjoyed this book. The story was fascinating and sucked me in and made me think. I thought it was a beautiful idea for a love story and incredibly original. The ending is also a little different than the movie, and I prefered it. I would recommend it.
One of the reasons that I chose this book was because I am (sadly) bereft of too much practical knowledge surrounding finances and investment. "Easy Money" is a simple no nonsense guide to creating discipline surrounding money.Amazing what a few small life adjustments can make and the how quickly the levels of stress surrounding money go down.A great guide for anyone unseasoned in the ways of the mighty dollar.
Exciting to finally read the first Harry Hole novel!  This is the new English translation, the original was published back in 1997.  For the most part, the story held up.  Quite a page turner!
I'd read some of the negative comments about this book, and was expecting to be underwhelmed. Fortunately, the book turned out to be a fairly pleasant read.A lot has already been said about this book, so I'll avoid retreading the same territory. Instead, I'll focus on one primary aspect that I felt was done well.The authors are leaders in a company that creates online communities for corporations that desire to connect to their customers, employees, and other partners. As a result, their perspective on Obama's innovative use of social networking in his campaign is a worthwhile read.This section also has a lot of practical advice for companies wanting to dip their toes into the world of online communities.In short, if you want a quick primer on how your company might leverage Twitter or Facebook for your business, this chapter would be worth a visit.I'd actually rate this book at 3.5 stars - and I'm rounding up.Happy Reading!
I am beyond beginner Spanish and this book digs into the idioms and "how" to speak more like a native. There are plenty of exercises. I don't write in the book, so I can review over and over. I have many Advance Spanish books, and they are all very good, but I really love how this one is presented. Lots of new words and reading for comprehension. I would like "possible" answers to the comprehension, but other than that, this is a must have book. I'll keep looking for more like this!
This book has born out its wisdom.  The two funds that are patented that fool his strategy have been phenomenal.  HFCGX is the patented fund based on his top idea of Cornerstone Growth; over the last 5 years it has had an average return of 13.44% per year vs. the Vanguard 500's -2.01% per year (6/1/00 through 5/31/05).  HFCVX is the patented fund based on his 2nd to best idea of Cornerstone Value; over the last 5 years it has had an average return of 6.47% per year vs. the Vanguard 500's -2.01% per year (6/1/00 through 5/31/05).  The most interesting point is that the author points out that investors often are to emotionally involved to have the discipline to see the strategy through.  Not only did the first reviewer bash the book because he did like the returns strategy one year after the book came out, but Mr. O'Shaughnessy sold the funds to Hennessy Funds at the end of 1999 after it failed to surpass the returns of the bubble that soon after collapsed.  Seven years after it was published an investor would be much wealthier had they followed the books top strategy instead of the investors who dogpiled onto the stocks of the market's bubble.  THIS BOOK is my all time #1 resource for stock investing. Five Stars.
As indicated in previously published books, Joseph A. Michelli is attracted to and fascinated by organizational excellence. He has an almost (not quite) insatiable curiosity to understand what works, what doesn't, and why. First, he studied Pike Place Fish Market in Seattle (When Fish Fly: Lessons for Creating a Vital and Energized Workplace, co-authored with John Yokoyama, its owner), then Starbucks Coffee and Tea Company (The Starbucks Experience: 5 Principles for Turning Ordinary into Extraordinary), then Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company (The New Gold Standard: 5 Leadership Principles for Creating a Legendary Customer Experience Courtesy of the Ritz-Carlton), and now UCLA Health System (Prescription for Excellence: Leadership Lessons for Creating a World Class Customer Experience from UCLA Health System). Notice the descriptive terms: "a vital and energized workplace," "turning ordinary into extraordinary," "creating a legendary customer experience," and "creating a world-class customer experience." All of these terms (not one but all) describe all four organizations.In this latest volume, Michelli organizes his material within eleven chapters and concludes each of 2-11 with a "Prescription Summary" and then "Prescriptive Action" worksheet" when ending his Conclusion. Readers will also appreciate his insertion of "Your Diagnostic Checkup" sets of self-diagnostic questions throughout the narrative. For example:Vision: "Have you placed the `face of the customer' in all aspects of your discussions? Do you start meetings with customer service stories? Have you elevated your corporate vision to address aspects of compassionate care of your customers?" (One of five Qs, Page 26)Safety: "What are the five business-critical safety objectives for your business?" (One of five Qs, Pages 76-77)Measurement: "What metrics, certifications, or criteria should consumers rely upon to determine quality in your industry? How do you perform against those metrics? Do you educate the consumer as to which criteria really matter?" (One of four Qs, Pages 130-131)Lean Thinking: "Are you building `lean thinking' efficiency approaches? If not, what alternative strategies do you have in place to revise processes and standardize operations? Do you have cost steering committees and value analysis teams operating in your company?" (One of four Qs, Page 157)Breakthrough Innovations: "How can you leverage the diversity of your organization to build on your breakthrough innovations and achieve a `center of excellence' for your specific area of innovation?" (One of four Qs, Page 183-184)Note that none of these is unique to the provision of health care. These and other questions posed by Michelli should be asked and then answered by leaders in any organization, whatever its size and nature may be. It should also be noted that the sets of questions also accomplish two other strategic objectives: (1) they require the reader to interact with the material by correlating it with her or his own specific circumstances and (2) they facilitate, indeed expedite frequent review of key issues later, serving as "gut checks" or "reality checks" when measuring progress, to date, of change initiatives.Michelli observes, "UCLA Health System is among the most complicated organizations that you will ever encounter. In essence, it is at least three businesses in one: a world-class medical-care provider, an extraordinary medical training center, and a cutting-edge research facility where the future of medicine is being created today." If this book were a novel, Dr. David Feinberg would be its hero and protagonist. However, the other "characters" are comparable in terms of number and variety with those in a novel by Tolstoy. There are hundreds of real-world situations throughout the book that illustrate the process by which UCLA Health System's leaders (at all levels and in all departments) have achieved and then sustained operational excellence. Michelli leaves no doubt that this unique professional community will continue to improve, guided and informed by a shared commitment in four specific areas: growing while maintaining superior quality, inspiring breakthrough innovation while generating cohesion, balancing technological advances with authentic humanity, and achieving recognition and respect for extraordinary accomplishments.In my opinion, this is Joseph Michelli's most important book...and his most valuable book...thus far. I also think it is his most entertaining. Bravo!
I've always been fascinated by life during the gilded age. The story of Consuelo , duchess of Marlborough and her mother is a fascinating picture of the that era. It shows in detail the customs and mores of a time gone by.
Nobel Laureate J.M. Coetzee's "Waiting for the Barbarian's" is a tour de force of thought, reason, morality - an epic poem more than a novel - beautifully crafted, probing, disturbing.A frontier outpost of "the empire" - exact period and locale matter little here.  An aging and, up to this point, loyal servant to the empire - the local Magistrate - begins to question the ethics of his superiors as they prepare for war against "the barbarians" - the primitive nomadic tribes native to the occupied territory.  The Magistrate suffers his own crisis of conscious as he witnesses cruel and apparently unprovoked torture of enemy prisoners of war.  Is it compassion - or guilt - that drives the Magistrate to take a barbarian girl, blinded and crippled at the hands of her imperial tormenters - into his rooms?  And to eventually embark on an ill-advised and dangerous winter journey into the badlands of enemy territory to return the girl to his family?  However you interpret his motives, there is no question of the consequence, as the Magistrate learns the fragility of human dignity, while never extinguishing the flame of human life.  This is a brutally effective novel - be prepared for two-by-fours liberally smacked against your forehead - a vivid and unapologetic photo album of man's depravity, and ability to compartmentalize and rationalize deploring behavior.Allegory runs rich here - is the Magistrate the Christ figure or Don Quixote? -  to familiar themes probing war and definitions of "civilization."  If it were not for the 1980 copy write date, one may think Coetzee a critic of America's Iraq Wars.  But I don't think Coetzee's intent is grinding a political axe - his message runs loftier - more important -  more profound - and ultimately more disturbing.  This is a journey into the dark heart of man, and if it is the journey, and not the destination that counts, well, enjoy the ride.  You won't forget it.
I LOVED Outlander. It was so so so so wonderful!While I got a little bored with the early description of Frank and Clares 20th century marriage, once Clare time travelled back in time to Scotland the book truly took off. Clare is sassy and smart and a really likable character.English Captain Randall (Frank's 6x great grandfather) is a complicatied, interesting, totally mad-as-a-cut-snake villain. I though he was really wonderfully described. There is a M/M abuse scene at the end of the story which was a little hard to read, if only because I couldnt stand such horrors happening to Jamie, who puts his body through hell in defence of those he loves.That was my only other issue, Jamie is injured grieviously, a LOT throughout the book. In fact he is beaten bloody at least four times, is whipped and flayed and stabbed and shot and pretty much run throuh the meat grinder and yet always gets back up in relatively short time. I just didnt really believe that someone's body, even Jamie Fraser's could withstand such trauma. But that's just me.The romance: I never though a twenty-three year old virgin could be so damn sexy. Jamie is the perfect action hero and so perfect for Clare. A lot of people had issues with the scene where Jamie belts Clare with his belt. I didnt... In fact it was one of my favourite scenes in the book. And I thought it was time appropriate. We are talking about a man in 18th century Scotland. Jamie behaves just as his contemporaries would and it is so clear that he loves Clare.The romance was the major drawcard for me, I enjoyed the enriching historical details and while I was leery of a historical romance with a time-travelling twist, Gabaldon pulled it together wonderfully. Reading the reviews here I always expected it to be excellent and boy was it.I am now heading out in the rain to buyDragonfly in Amber (Outlander, Book 2)I would absolutely recommend this book to anyone who loves adventurous historicals or historical romances, it is a long, dense read but immensely enjoyable. Try it, I would be VERY surprised if you don't enjoy it.
I really enjoyed reading this book.  The idea of going back to see history in the makingis exicitng.  M. Crichton has written many good books.  It is hard to choose the one I like best.I hope you enjoy this book too.
Excellent abridgement of the classic story of Frances Hodgson Burnett's book The Secret Garden. This version will entice the reader to get a hold of the original story.
I absolutely love this book!  It's an awesome reference for a medical student (and I would guess for residents and docs too).  Good layout and organization.  Super useful!
After reading most of the available books on index funds, and many of them  give both the reasoning for, and the advantages of, investing in such funds, I believe this latest one is the best of the bunch.  It provides not only the various powerful arguments for such investing, but also suggests specific portfolios of index funds for different classes of investors.Although each investor has his or her own individual situation, which must be carefully analyzed before any investment plan is generated or changed, Ferri's book is a good guide toward making the best choices.After studying the various investment choices available to the individual investor, I have concluded that unless the investor has some really specific and unique knowledge of any particular company, or possiby industry, investing in individual stocks or bonds can be highly speculative. Investing in mutual funds provides some degree of diversification, but most managed (not index) funds show a long term return which is significantly less than that of index funds, and those few managed funds that have "beaten the average"  in the past, generally do not continue to do so.  Moreover, the 1% or more of expense ratio of managed funds takes a really big bite over time when the compounding interest effect is taken into account.
This book was better than fantastic.  It was one I couldn't stop reading and was sorry that it was finished when it was.  A must read.
I read this book for the first time 15 years ago when my daughter was born and my aunt asked if I had read it because I incidentally named her after Claire and Jamies daughter who comes into it in the third book in the series. I haven't read it since then so it really was a trip down memory lane and for first time readers one I would recommend, with a word of caution. Diana is very wordy, and likes details, lots of details.
A book like this could be over-dry, but it isn't.  It's obviously well-researched, but interest never flags.  Elizabeth I's motives for remaining the Virgin Queen come out in several ways.  How could she ever trust a husband after seeing her father, Henry VIII, dispose of several of his wives, most often by trumped-up charges of adultery?  Plus once she wed any man, he would have a power over her not consistent with her rightful sole inheritance of the English crown.  Why suddenly become subordinate to a husband when England was hers to rule?  She also feared childbirth, which could very often be fatal, as even some of her father's queens succumbed to that death instead of the block.  The author notes a doctor after an exam had told her she would have difficulty with childbirth.  She was clever instead, pretending to go along with suits from other royal European houses then thwarting them--saying she wished to wed, then she never wanted to marry.  Staying unpredictable and wily.  She liked the company of men, enjoyed their interest/flattery, but had no intention to surrender the reins of power.
This book is to the field of computer security what Tanenbaum book is to computer networks. It presents many aspects of computer security, such as threats, system vulnerabilities, cryptography, program code security, administration of computer systems, laws, privacy issues, and ethics. More than half of the book involves security in applications, operating systems, database management systems, and networks.Security is more important now than ever, as almost all parts of our daily lives are digitized. A few years ago, Microsoft mentioned that it intended to shift its focus from features to security and privacy. It made all of its developers attend a security training program. The crusade to make everything secure must start at the grassroots level of software development. In spite of all these efforts, problems continue to persist.With this in mind, this book is ideal for students and professionals alike. The book is up to date as of late 2006. It is updated to reflect changing times; the new edition includes topics such as wireless, biometrics authentication capabilities, and better software processes and approaches. The book is well organized. There is a bulleted summary at the beginning of each chapter with new terms placed in bold print. Each chapter also includes exercise questions; for example, 'List three reasons why people might be reluctant to use biometrics for authentication and how to counter those objections.' There is a mini-index in each chapter as well. Terms and concepts are introduced in the first chapter. Cryptography and mathematical details are presented in two chapters. A lot of emphasis is placed on program security issues like buffer overflow, viruses, and rootkits. Since a computing system has several layers its operating system, databases, networks, and storage'a weakness in the chain represents a system vulnerability. So, for example, the authors have described in one chapter how to design a trusted operating system. They have tried to avoid specific implementations or platforms. The chapter on network security is the books longest, and I was disappointed that Internet protocol security (IPSec) and secure sockets layer (SSL) have only two pages devoted to them. I am not a fan of including Web site addresses in a book, and I found a Web site referred to in chapter 7 to be nonexistent. Policies, ethics, and many nontechnical aspects of security are presented in concluding chapters. Some of the future trends like electronic voting are described briefly.Overall, the book is a definite reference source for various people who are interested in understanding security issues. Though the book addresses computers in general, the principles can be applied to mobile phones, smartphones, personal digital assistants (PDAs), and many other gadgets we use in our daily lives.
Once again a hilariously good time reading about Georgia's antics and her mental friends :) my parents thought something was wrong with me cause I was laughing so much :D!!!
I really like this book. Unlike many business books that wander around dozens of topics, this one covers just one thing, the presentations of Steve Jobs. And it does it well.On YouTube, I stumbled on Jobs' MacWorld keynote speech in 2007 where he introduced the iPhone. It's a great speech, and if you are at all interested in this topic, go watch it. This speech, and many others like it, are carefully dissected in this book, so that you can see the techniques that Jobs uses and how he uses them. Gallo refers to other speakers and experts from time to time, but the bulk of the book is about Steve Jobs.Gallo is rigorous in his references, describing the title and date of each Jobs speech he analyzes, and giving excerpts. YouTube comes in very handy here, hosting most of these speeches for us to study. I often found myself watching entire speeches, entranced by Jobs and his message. Inevitably, after reading more of the book, I would discover that I had witnessed several more of Jobs's well-rehearsed communication techniques.If you have doubts about buying this book, go watch a Jobs speech on YouTube. If you want your own presentations to be like his, this book is the reference that will tell you how.
I like the content of the book-we need more books on ethics, values, and openness. I like the principles. I also like the variety of people the authors profile, because the profiling provides immense credibility. As I read, I kept thinking, this not only makes us into better leaders, it makes us better people.
I own both editions of this book.  Once I started reading it, I found out everything I knew about trading (or thought I knew) was wrong.  What first attracted me to "TrendFollowing" was what it isn't, a book sharing the "Holy Grail".  I had to read and re-read the book to get the fact that there is no magic indicator that will cause manna to fall from heaven.  Trading, successful trading, is hard work, and Covel introduces the reader the best in the business.  Traders who, if not for Covel, would never have been known to a great number of people.  Through these traders, Covel introduces the reader to the most successful trading strategy known.  If you are looking for a "get rich quick" book, this isn't for you.  However, if you're are looking for insights on how the best traders in the world tick, how they think, what they look at (and don't look at), then I recommend you purchase this book now.
For those of you who, like me, are interested in philososphy but find most philosophical writings boring and overly complicated, this is the book for you. Hoff explains Taoism through the adventures of Whinnie the Pooh. If you've ever read any of A.A. Milne's novels, the style of this book should be familiar. As Hoff writes about Whinnie the Pooh and his Taoist attitude towards life, Pooh and Piglet comment on his writing and ask him questions. So how is Pooh an example of Taoism? Because he is simple-minded and unconditionally happy. Pooh lives a life of harmony because he never frets or hesitates. He simply goes with the flow, and that is what Taoism teaches. This book is a happy retreat to childhood combined with philisophical teachings that only an adult could understand. I highly recommend it.
Very good book, that helps with preparation for the exam.Wide range of topcs and a lot of help to master this waste subject.
la intolerancia, la ignorancia y la supersticion caracterizan esta historia, tambien el amor, ese pequeno demonio  que esta dentro de todos nosotros latente esta ahi, en medio,al comienzo y al final de esta obra.una  obra corta, consederando los libros de garcia marquez como el amor en los  tiempos de colera y cien a&ntilde;os, pero con un ritmo incomparablemente bien  llevado y de un realismo magico insuperable. esta pequena obra les hara  disfrutar de un garcia marquez en la plenitud de su obra. LUIS MENDEZ  luismendez@codetel.net.do
The Catcher in the Rye is one of those books that where knowing too much about it can actually ruin it for you.  I remember reading this book back in high school and not being very affected by it, simply because it was too complex.  Now, eyars later, I've read it again and haven't enjoyed as much as I might have simply because I knew too much about it already.  It really is a book with a very select audience: teens who are at that awkward stage of growing up, but are not ready to be grown up.  Holden Caufield, in all his complexity, crassness, and "phoniness," is the supreme symbol of that time in every teenagers' life.  This book can only be enjoyed by those at that stage in their life.  Read it when you are to immature and you won't understand anything.  Read it when you are too mature and you will probably have forgotten what it was like to be that young and too fear and hate everything that the adult world stood for.  For me, I am on the latter side, having forgotten what it was like to be that young, thus not getting as much enjoyment as I would have if I had read it a few years ago.  WHen should you read it?  I can't say for certain, but you definitely should read it.  And sooner rather than later.
They should restore all victorian houses. They do not make them like this anymore. Even the furniture. Amazing Very pretty
My college Englishj professor (Helen Mallonee) loved Steinbeck - and why not? He writes so beautifully about an awful time in our history and awful things that take place! It is amazing - even when read for the ninth or tenth time for Book Club, as I did this time. The descriptions, the action, the people, the movement of life is unmatched by anyone at this time! The Nobel Prize for Literature was appropriately awarded for this! (The movie, though not an exact track of the book, is also very good! See it soon!)
I needed a refresher on UX/XD since I haven't touched the topic in 10 years. This book provided a great overview of current trends and directions in the industry. It also did a good job at exploring the theory behind those trends. This is less of an instructional book, and more of an exploration of the topic. It was well-written and an enjoyable read. I'd recommend it to anyone who wants to better understand the basics of user experience design.
My english 201 professor required us to get this book. Shipped fast & was in good condition. If you like short stories this is for you.
I didn't use this book undergraduate quantum, I used Saxon. And for graduate I used Merzbacher and also Cohen-Tenoudji. But now I'm preparing myself for the qualifier, and I've found that I've put aside all of my quantum mechanics books and I'm using this one. (I've also put aside all of my E&M books and I'm using Griffith's book for that part of the Quali too.) This book obviously doesn't have the depth of a lot of other quantum books, and it isn't designed to. I gets you into the subject, shows you what you need to know and moves you along to the next subject. But what makes the book excellent is a simple "rating" system that Griffith uses. He puts one star next to problems that are fundamental importance yet won't take hours to work through. This is valuable for review. If you're using this book for review, I also think that having a solutions manual for the problems to check your work is useful, you can pick them up on ebay. Griffith makes books for people like me, non-genius students educated in U.S. public schools. We don't want to be bored while we're learning. He keeps things interesting.
I've only recently re-discovered Georgette Heyer, so this is my 3rd one I've read.  While the book is well written and the hero an interesting character with a lot of depth (if not exactly conforming to the modern idea of a hero) I didn't particularly care for the heroine and this spoiled it a little for me. I thought she was frankly annoying.  The age difference itself isn't so disturbing, if one thinks of it in historical context, but the transition from a paternal relationship to a romantic one that just doesn't feel right.  Perhaps this is Heyer's own youth showing.  I did not have any problems with the French in the book - in fact until I read these reviews I didn't even really notice it.  I'm not fluent by any stretch but I did study it throughout high school and college.
After reading Paris Without End, I was compelled to re-read some down to earth Hemingway.  The Movable Feast has a tremor of depressive outlook, a fatalistic persona hidden in the activities of those involved.  Yet, also tinged with hope.  A true Hemingway perspective.
My children grew up watching The Little House on the Prairie series on TV.  Needless to say I was excited when my daughter asked me to buy the set for my grand-daughter.  These are well written books for both boys and girls.
"Three Junes" is elegantly written and highly entertaining, though its compelling plot is difficult to describe succinctly. It's partly a family saga (the story of three generations of the Scottish McLeods), but it's also an elegiac story of New Yorkers in the era of AIDS and a hopeful meditation on impending motherhood by a 30-something single widow. The book is both heartbreaking and hopeful; it's about the fragility of life, whether it is extinguished in a single act of terrorist madness or by the modern plague of AIDS or cancer. "Three Junes" is filled with articulate, civilized characters--witty, intelligent sophisticates--who must face the inevitabilities of life--birth, love, and, of course, death. (Those elemental themes, I think, give the novel a remarkable urgency, helped along with a great deal of narrative skill; it's a literary page-turner.) These people face life, for the most part, with grace and dignity and decency; virtually all of them are compelling, vividly sketched and fully realized. And the scenes that propel the reader forward are incredibly well delineated, from an emotionally draining funeral to an impromptu dinner party in Amagansett&#65533;the narrative momentum is intense. An interesting subtheme concerns the world of pets--collies and a spectacular parrot--and how their life cycles mirror (and sometimes transcend) those of their human counterparts. The writing is lyrical, painterly and often poetic, but never narcissistically so. This novel is a real accomplishment--difficult to fathom that it's a first novel--and should be very engaging to anyone interested in contemporary fiction.
So vastly entertaining, words just escape me. If you get it you will laugh til you cry. boo hoo hoo boo hoo hoo.
Losing your job, especially in today's economy, is as world-changing an experience as you can imagine enduring. This lucid and detailed book will straighten your mind and get you started in the direction of something even better than what you've left. It's like having a mentor stand by you and guide you along the path to your new career.
Another winner by Eric Carle. His books are fun to read to children and you get to act like a kid all over again while reading them! All of his books are worth every penny.
The Hound of the Baskervilles is a book that I really can't criticize at all with any real power behind it. I really enjoyed this book. I started out with several short stories featuring Sherlock Holmes, found them fascinating, and read this. I wasn't disappointed. The book is rather short so it kind of still keeps that short story feel. It also has the horrid skill of making the reader almost sick with the unknown. When I read this, I wanted it to end more than most other books I've read just to find out what was going on. Also, as a horror fan, I can definitely say that this book has horror elements in it. Some scenes are damn creepy and all scenes are completely necessary with no slow or dull moments to let you lose that building tention. Brilliantly told and a book that is a classic to me. And, in the end, there is always an explanation to satisfy the reader and this is a good one indeed.
While the book was somewhat difficult to get into initially- I found myself unable to put it down half way through. Young's description of Sophy's mother is absolutely perfect and is as clear and real as listening to my own mother over the phone. The ending was unexpected- yet she seemed to gloss over the details a bit. There was some real potential for certain events mentioned earlier in the book (i.e. Maggie's married daughter's marital issues) to progress into a more complex story line- this never happened to my dismay... I would have to say A Promising Man was more gripping- but the mother made this book come alive. Definately worth a read.
If you are of a certain age and experience, you already know about Dharma Bums.If you are of another certain age and experience, this book goes against everything taught by Saint Ronald Reagan, and so you should avoid it.If you are young, give this book a try. Better yet, instead of buying it, go to the local library to read it. Unless the people I described in my second paragraph have taken over and there are only Approved Books in the library...if there are libraries at all. Libraries cost money, and that means (shudder) taxes.For everyone else: this is Kerouak's best work.
A fabulous read and even greater film from 1940's. A man's search for self and integrity and love. Just beautifully written as only Maugham can do.
I couldn't put this story down. It totally held my attention from beginning to end. Like so many amazing stories I hated to say goodbye to those pages. Superb!
This book is a charming little story post WWII consisting of letters between an American novelist and a London bookshop employee.  Later, other staff members of the bookstore begin writing letters to the novelist as well, revealing little parts of their lives.  All letters written wth humor and charm. This book reveals how the written word can serve to forge friendships more lasting than the many casual face-to-face contacts we now routinely substitute for true friendship and create a deeper understanding among people in very different life situations.
This book came out in 1991 and somehow, despite the fact that I really enjoy good historical fiction, I missed it for years. Finally living up to a promise I made to a friend, I decided to take this off the bookshelf where it had rested for ages and actually read it - sort of under duress!  My analysis and recommendation: if you've not started this series, you must surely start right away.This story of Claire's highland adventures in Scotland circa 1743 is one that begs to be both devoured and savored. In the meantime, maybe you will have to do some side research to refresh your memory of the politics and intrigue of this period in Scottish history - I know I did.Many other reviewers have recapped the story here, so I'll not belabor the plot except to say that it involves a bit of suspension of disbelief and your ability to accept the possibility of time/space travel. Claire, married to Frank post World War II, is transported back to 1743 Scotland where she meets the MacKenzie clan at Castle Leoch and falls for a young relative of theirs, Jamie Fraser. This is a romance as well as a historical adventure. I loved reading about the day to day life of the Scottish Highlanders and about the adventures of this young couple.I can't wait to read the second book in the series,Dragonfly in Amber, and will eagerly be purchasing the entire set including the new one - the seventh volume in the saga -- due out shortlyAn Echo in the Bone: A Novelby Diana Gabaldon (Hardcover - September 22, 2009).
The outlander series is the best written love story and history lesson ever. I just love Diana Gabaldon's writing. Can't get enough!
I doubt if STREET LAWYER will be considered one of Grisham's strongest commercial efforts. But my admiration for him grew as I read this book. I have always admired his ability to tell a dramatic legal tale that hooks us at the beginning, and keeps us turning pages to find out how it will all come out. His ability to do this has given him power and freedom as a writer. In STREET LAWYER, he attempts to use this power to do more than entertain. STREET LAWYER graphically and realistically depicts the plight of homeless people in our nation's capital. (His &quot;Author's Notes&quot; imply strong research to ensure realism.) We do not have to agree with his entire point-of-view to be moved by the book's gritty reality. But by using his power in this way, he has an opportunity to raise the consciousness of millions of people about this difficult subject. Oh, and don't worry, STREET LAWYER also works as a compelling story!
This is a rich tapestry of a story with beauty and tragedy and an insight into different lives and professions
*Libra* is Don DeLillo's fascinating take on what has become an American version of a classic Greek tragedy: the assassination of John F. Kennedy. You'd think by now that this subject had been pretty well drained of any interest by all the books, movies, TV mini-series, articles, exposes, interviews, etc., but, to his credit, DeLillo has managed to reinterpret this mythic event for the commentary it makes on our contemporary culture. Conspiracy, paranoia, corruption, secrecy, violence, racism, consumerism, moral ambiguity, relativism, the sense that reality itself is up for interpretation, that the center does not cohere, that even with all the tapes and cameras running we still can't say for sure that this happened or didn't happen...this nightmarish landscape is the one DeLillo delineates in this absolutely fascinating novel.DeLillo's Oswald is a construct particularly suited to our postmodern times--the archetype of the outsider as a total enigma, a blank, an empty container, a chess piece neither black nor white, waiting to be given a designation, a purpose, a place on the board of history. He has a gripe, but he's not exactly sure who it's against. Everyone is the enemy. He is the true idealist: good always exists far away, in this case, in the idea of communism, the ideas of Russia, Cuba, Castro. Always in an "idea." Reality, however, is something much different, much more ambiguous.I somehow hadn't realized how young Oswald was--24 when he was killed by Jack Ruby. Only 24 and yet he'd already been in the Marines, traveled to Japan, defected to Russia, married and had babies, returned to the U.S., engaged himself as a pro-Castro activist, shot the president of the United States. DeLillo tries to make some sense of this, portraying Oswald as an angry young man burning with purpose and a desire to make his mark on history, but ultimately unfocused, confused, and tragically misguided.*Libra* is a novel, a work of fiction, and as such, DeLillo speaks through all the characters,  not only Oswald and other historical personages, but composite, as well as entirely imaginary characters, giving them emotions, thoughts, motivations, obsessions, and memories that he could not possibly verify as belonging to the actual persons, but he does a perfectly credible job of rendering these people believable. You feel they very well *could* have felt and perceived things the way DeLillo describes...and that seems part of the deeper theme running through the novel: that one's interpretation of what happened leading up to and on November 22, 1963 and forever after that fateful date is just as valid as any other interpretation. The events recounted in *Libra* are so compellingly told, so `realistic' they now seem a part of the official record of not only the assassination, but of `history' itself. I'll have a hard time from hereon out separating the `facts' of the Kennedy assassination from my memory of DeLillo's retelling in *Libra.* Reality itself, as DeLillo implies, is a fiction. All plots have their own logic and lead to death.I find it interesting, that nowadays the vast majority of Americans ((last I heard it was something like 75%)) find it more likely that JFK was murdered as the result of a conspiracy and government cover-up than they believe the official government record of the event. What does that say about what we've learned about our government in the days since November 22, 1963? Of what they are capable of doing? What does it mean that we no longer trust authorities to give us the truth, that the very standards for truth have been called into question, that, as a result, no "truth" is unquestionable, no "truth" is certain?Underneath the compulsively readable surface of this literary potboiler, this postmodern political thriller, DeLillo, as always, asks the serious questions that matter most. And, as always, the answers are maddeningly elusive.An incredible novel in every regard--five stars easy.
I discovered this little book while gathering material for my Grades 5/6 poetry unit.  Jean Little captures large truths in small poems. Many students, girls particularly, found themselves in several of the selections.  One small poem about War has become my introduction for my Remembrance Day unit this year.
I have just finished this novel. As I came towards the end, I had to ration the pages I read since I did not want to leave that world and the protagonists. I found the book extremely moving in its final phase, on the boat, when FA and FD are finally together: it must in part have been the structure of the book that enabled it to have such power in this phase. The long first chapter was a brilliant tour de force and could have stood alone but for the advent of FA at the end. We then go on a detailed ride through the past fifty years or so, allowing us to understand what brought FA and FD to that point. The book remained compelling throughout on account of the vivacity of the writing, the humanity and humor of the writer, and the brilliance of observation after observation. The only thing that jarred me was the age of FA's ward when he began an affair with her--14. I also found the ending difficult---right at the last. It didn't work well for me. It seemed to be ducking away from reality in a way that did not conform to the rest of the novel. These were the only things I experienced as flaws on first reading. Generally I simply reveled in and marveled at the material on page after page. Recommended without reservation.
After learning of the recent death of Alexander Solzhenitsyn I decided to read one of his books. I had never read any of his works and I knew I should acquaint myself with this man's oeuvre.The book contains Solzhenitsyn's 1967 letter to the Fourth National Congress of Soviet Writers beseeching the organization to protect the works and the lives of promising writers. Upon reading this document the reader will realize that Mr. Solzhenitsyn was truly committed to his art and his literary compatriots.The book begins with the line "Reveille was sounded, as always, at 5 A.M.--a hammer pounding on a rail outside camp." And from there Solzhenitsyn describes the onerous and hellish conditions of the camp and daily routine of Ivan Denisovich Shukhov. It is clear that Solzhenitsyn used his own experience in a work camp (8 years) as the template for this novel.Solzhenitsyn not only shows us how harrowing, corrupt and depressing the camp is, but through Denisovith allows us to see some of the charachters who make up the 'community' from the Captain to Kilgas, Caesar, Klevshin, Alyoshka, and Fetyukov. With the exception of Der and Clubfoot, the people in command remain nameless and for me, this really made the hopelessness of the setting resound. While we experience the camp and the interactions between gang bosses and prisoners through the eyes of Denisovith, Solzhenitsyn slips once in a while and reveals his personal distate for a certain practice or individual. Given what he went through in the camp, you can't blame him.I finished this book in three days and I found it very absorbing. While I enjoyed 1984 and Brave New World, this book really captured the desperation, dread, futility and hope of such a restricted existence.For any reader unfamiliar with Alexander Solzhenitsyn, I recommend this book as a starter. You won't be disappointed!
The recent financial disaster in this country is still affecting all of us. There is no one reason, and this book gave readable overviews of many of the issues that caused so much grief.
Before he decided to throw in the towel and become what his fans wanted him to be, Garrison Keillor really wanted to see himself and his society from the outside.  He spent a lot of time in New York and Denmark.  In that, as we learn in this book, he became who he thought he wanted to be.In our collective lives of quiet desperation, most of us don't get that chance.  We don't have the money, talent or perceived time to do so.  But Keillor did.The ostensible lesson is that who we are IS who we want to be.  But these notes were written before he drew that conclusion.  My favorite passage is called "Episcopal," where he makes up new words to an old Fats Waller tune to describe the attractions of being Episcopalian:I'm slow to angerDon't covet or lust.No sins of pride except sometims I really must.Episcopalian, saving my love for you.The theology's easy, the liturgy too.Just stand up and kneel down and say what the others do.Episcopalian, saving my love for you.With this, Keillor sums up the current (and probably end) state of his career.Oh, hear that old piano, from down the avenue...I smell the dry rot, I look around for you...This book was written before he gave up, and you'll enjoy it.
This is one of the rare books, one of the few that I would actually recommend to anyone that is moving into C++ or needs a refresher on the ideas and methods behind programming in C++.  You just can't go wrong buying this book.
Excellent book. This was a great story that had a lot of twists to the plot. I couldn't put it down.
This book is older, and all of the info directly about ebay is out of date. However, there are lots of good tips, strategies, and motivating phrases. This book is worthwhile for the serious seller.
When a dog is found dead with a gardening tool stuck in its side, a dogged investigation by the novel's hero, John Boone, into who is responsible for this deed, leads to unexpected revelations.  John is an autistic 15 year old who lives with his father, and the story is told from his point of view.  John has extraordinary abilities, but certain things that seem obvious to the reader John has trouble comprehending.  And while some previous readers have been underwhelmed by the story and the ending, I feel they miss the point that the greatness of this novel is not the story, but the way it is told.  No, John is not a scintillating conversationalist, but you had to admire his determination to find out the culprit of this deed, and delve into his dysfunctional family's secretsNot only does it work as a story, but provides a lot of insights into the autistic mind.  Haddon has worked with autistic individuals, and weaves the unique perspectives of an autistic teenager into the story.  My son has been diagnosed with autism 6 months ago, I've done some reading and research into how he behaves, but this book fleshed out my understanding of some details of his behavior.  Previous reviewers have questioned the accuracy of the portrayal of an autistic teenager in this book, and my son is certainly different, but personally, I found useful information here.
As a professional economist who is constantly looking for better ways to communicate the essence of economics to non economists, I couldn't be more enthusiastic about Henderson's The Joy of Freedom. Without mind numbing diagrams and equations, Henderson conveys more economic understanding than any of the standard text books I know--and I know a lot of them, having written a few myself.  And it is not just economic concepts and the standard perspective on economic efficiency that he communicates so compellingly. With a personal story beautifully woven into the narrative, Henderson shows how humane and socially concerned economists can be (and generally are).  Read this book and find out that economists can be passionate in wanting to make this world a better place, and have real guide posts in going about it, guide posts that elevate the ideal of freedom to the central organizing principle.  The next time I teach a principles courses I'm going to do my students a tremendous favor by using David Henderson's The Joy of Freedom: An Economists Odyssey as the main text.
...but worth it. The authors make several claims that require the reader to be willing to say &quot;I believe&quot; in order to agree with the points they make. However, if the reader is willing to take theory and let it be elevated to the level of possible truth, this is a good book.The points made, while they fit together well, still leave a lot of doubt. (Yes, they could be true, or it could be several people reading a lot into nothing.)A working knowledge of early European history is a bonus while reading this book. (I don't have one and had to do a lot of side reasearch to figure out who and what the authors are talking about.)Read this book, but remember it is only a theory. You won't be disappointed.
This is a little masterpiece of a book which is told beautifully in the first person.It narrates the cynical thoughts of its hero cleverly and compulsively as he goes to new york for three days after getting kicked out of school.That is the plot for what it's worth,but the book is mainly about author Salingers cynical take on life and the human race(I suppose this is why,even now,he's a recluse).The hero of the book,Holden Caulfield,is grieving over his dead brother and this is,in my humble opinion,salingers device for putting older more cynical thoughts into his young heros'.I do feel that we all learn of the &quot;phoniness&quot; as we grow up but I would have found it a little hard to swallow that such a young man could be SO extreme without Salingers device.On the subject of phoniness I'm sure we could all talk for hours.For me,what makes this a great book is the prose which is fantastic.
One of Hemingway's earlier works, THE SUN ALSO RISES remains one of his best. This roman &agrave; clef has it all -- drinking, misbehaving expats, more drinking, humor, sarcasm, irony, unrequited love, beautiful descriptions of Spain, did I mention drinking?, femme fatales, handsome bullfighters, fishing trips, a tad more drinking, manly-man themes, and outstanding dialogue.About halfway through the book, a character named Bill Gorton about nails it when he tells the protagonist narrator, Jake Barnes, exactly what an expat is. It's meant to be funny, but in many ways it defines the book's sense of itself: "You're an expatriate. You've lost touch with the soil. You get precious. Fake European standards have ruined you. You drink yourself to death. You become obsessed by sex. You spend all your time talking, not working. You are an expatriate, see? You hang around caf&eacute;s."Luckily for us, Hemingway wrote and didn't just talk, but his novel is delightfully "talky" and the reader can't resist but listen in as a beautiful Brit named Brett makes verbal love with our protagonist Jake; or as Jake mercilessly excoriates the "phony" writer Robert Cohn (yes, Virginia, there IS a whiff of anti-Semitism in play here); or as Jake and Bill engage in witty and sometimes drunken badinage as they go on their memorable fishing trip in the Spanish hills. From the caf&eacute;s of Paris to the running of the bulls in Pamplona, this book is a roaming holiday. And just when things get ugly and everyone is sick to death of each other, there's the memorable scene where Jake swims into the sea as if to cleanse himself of everything -- the drinking, the fighting, the frustrating impotence. The chapter is vintage Hemingway.While I admire some of Hemingway's later work, I still feel THE SUN ALSO RISES, along with his early short stories (IN OUR TIME, THE NICK ADAMS STORIES), remains one of his strongest works. It is forever youthful both in its excesses and its beauties, yet it ages quite nicely, too. I heartily recommend it either as an introduction to Hemingway or as a reread. It will bear up in either case.
Real health care reform will consist of following some of the prescriptions in this boo, re-engineering health care organizations to allow them to provide more services to more patients at a lower cost. That's the way its done in any other business.
Her novels have the ring of authenticity.  After all, as Head of MI-5 she directed Mr. Bond - James Bond!
Lots of detail and technical information. I love that references are sited and gives you the knowledge to ask intelligent and useful questions of your doctor. Actually - after reading this - you will most likely know more than your General Practitioner about Testosterone and Testosterone replacement and how this hormone and others play into prostate cancer and much more.
I really enjoyed this book on many levels.  First of all, everything is here and explained fully.  Hard to grasp topics are unfolded piece by piece with plenty of very pertinent exam alerts.  The questions in the book were harder for me than the actual exam, which was good.  Secondly, it is well written with personality and some real good natured humor, like calling a Thread that is Running as &quot;in the big time&quot; and &quot;what it's all about&quot;.  Other books that have had a personality writing rather than a machine have sometimes gone too far with it and left out material.  Not this one, the good writing and clever humor all adds to the unusual excellence of this work.  The book is full of challenging questions and clear examples.  Most computer books have typos or incorrect answers marked by mistake.  I could find nothing but accuracy and attention to detail on every page.  If certification books all came like this, it would be a better experience for everyone improving their skills.  I passed solidly today and I know Java in far more detail now than I did before.  This is the ONE!
Very good writing.  My only caveat is that I wasn't quite that interested in the story line.  Three more words.
In 1888, author Morton's grandfather Mandelbaum founded the family company in Vienna (which ran until the deluge of barbarians swept over Austria in the 1930s). A few months later, January 1889, Crown Prince Rudolf committed suicide. The book is about a few months in 88/89; the author's family plays no part in it, other than as an anchor of personal interest.Vienna was the centre of the Habsburg Empire. It was a cultural capital of the world, and at the same time a hotbed of backwardness and anti-modernity.The book is an entertaining walk through the time. It gives us a short summary of the Habsburg history and a short biography of the unfortunate Crown Prince, Sisi's son.We also meet a wealth of cultural players, some of whom have become icons: Klimt, Hugo Wolf, Schoenberg, Bruckner, Schnitzler, Herzl, Mahler, Freud, Brahms, Johann Strauss are put into the frame of the time and in the stage of their careers at the time.The ruling class is the aristocracy, while the bourgeoisie never managed to acquire the status that it did in other metropolises. There is a nascent movement of fervent Anti-Semitism, associated with a man called Sch&ouml;nerer, clearly a precursor to the movement later led by Hitler, who is about to be born at this time, elsewhere in Austria, and whose manifesto Mein Kampf will show clear traces of influence.Other political trends of the time: the growing nationalisms of the empire's components, i.e. the Czechs, the Croats, the Slovenes etc etc.  This added fire to the latent conflict between the liberal Crown Prince and the young German Kaiser, who despised his Austrian peers as sissies, while he courted Russia and prepared to axe experienced Bismarck as his chief aide... (It may not be widely known that a country called Austria with the current boundaries never existed until after WW1. What was called Austria in the Austrian and Hungarian Double Monarchy was not a country but the ruling dynasty, the Habsburgs, the House of Austria. As a territory, Austria meant the whole of Kakania minus Hungary. Austria also existed as Upper or Lower Austria, provinces which did not add up to the total of what became the Republic of Austria. What is now Austria was known as the territory of the Germans in Austria. A latent conflict between the ruling houses of Habsburg and the Hohenzollern of Prussia included the specter that the German speakers would choose to accede to the German Empire.)Rudolf was a colorful and ambitious man. He was at the threshold of high office, yet rendered entirely powerless by emasculating controls and by a cold father. He was a closet liberal, who wrote anonymous newspaper articles. He was unhappy. His father was distant, his mother Sisi not interested, his wife Stephanie neither. His fateful encounter was Mary Vetsera, an ambitious social climber, for whom the author has nil sympathies.In the end, Rudolf will kill her and then himself. Vienna was the suicide capital of Europe at the time. This particular suicide had immeasurable consequences for European alliances.The book is beautifully illustrated, and the illustrations work well even in the pocket book edition (Penguin) that I am using.My mission in life is finding errors. Here is one by Morton: when Kaiser Wilhelm II visits Vienna in 1888, Morton has the black-red-golden flag raised. Wrong. That was the flag proposed by the failed parliamentarian revolution of 1848. It became official in Germany only with Weimar and then with the Bundesrepublik after WW2.
I bought this as a gift for my cousin. I thought she would love it as I did. I loved this book as the rest in the series. I became addicted to this series via this first book. Great book and the rest of them became more and more"polished" in the writting.CCL.
Terry Trueman's Stuck In Neutral was inspired by his son Sheehan, who has cerebral palsy, is not able to communicate, and has been labeled profoundly developmentally disabled. Trueman recently pennedSheehan: Heartbreak and Redemption, about his own personal struggle with his son's severe cerebral palsy that inspired Stuck in Neutral. Trueman's protagonist Shawn McDaniel is in much the same boat; he's unable to communicate or control any of his muscles, including his eyes, and even his family has chalked him up as profoundly retarded.But Stuck in Neutral, told from Shawn's point of view, reveals a witty narrator with a photographic memory and a zest for life, even if he's not able to communicate it to his family. There's not a trace of self-pity, even though he's at the mercy of family and caretakers for everything from feeding to bathrooming, and he's in a class of profoundly retarded classmates. The plot revolves around the suspicion that Shawn's father is planning to kill him out of "mercy" for Shawn's suffering and his ever-present seizures.The binding link that weaves throughout the story centers on his father's poem about young Shawn that won numerous awards including the Pulitzer. Now his father, who deserted the family years ago, is a celebrity for his poem that presents Shawn as a helpless, pitiable object, not the funny, smart teenager that he's become, if only in his head, and his father seems inspired by a recent "mercy killing" of another handicapped child.Trueman does a masterful job of leaving the ending open (he penned a novel written from Shawn's brother Paul's perspective,Cruise Control, that explores Paul's feelings towards his brother and his situation, which is also open-ended in its final decision), and Shawn is an utterly hip, real narrator that shows us how easy (and dangerous) it is to judge someone based on appearances.
Persian immigrant, Massoud Amir Behrani, is a former colonel in the late, deposed Iranian Shah's air force, and a man who takes life very seriously. He is an intelligent, well educated man, who used to be respected in Iran as a person of position, power, and means. Behrani's former life, with all his efforts to build it, seems like it was constructed on a sea of shifting sand. He came to America with his wife, son, and daughter four years ago, with limited funds, and has spent almost all of his money setting his family up in the manner to which they had been accustomed. Appearances mean much to Behrani. His dream of attracting a wealthy, eligible suitor for his daughter by living above his meager means, has been realized. His daughter is finally married, and established in her own home. After extensive job searches, he is reduced to working as a trash collector on the California highways with other immigrants; men he would have given alms to in his native land. Angry and humiliated at how far he has fallen, Behrani decides to invest his remaining funds in a house that has been put up for auction at a Sheriff's Sale, because the owner had not paid back property taxes. He wants to restore the house and sell it at a large profit, which he hopes will enable him to provide his family with their former lifestyle, and restore some of his lost dignity.Kathy Nicolo is a depressed, quietly self-destructive woman; a recovering alcoholic and addict. Describing the success of her recovery program, Kathy says, "I had already stopped wanting what I'd been craving off and on since I was fifteen, for Death to come take me the way the wind does a dried leaf out on its limb." Her house, in the California hills, is all she has. It is a symbol of stability, and a reminder of a gentler past. She is adamant in her refusal to give-up her home because of a bureaucratic error.Sheriff Lester Burdon bears terrible news when he delivers the eviction papers to Kathy. She confides in him, and he becomes obsessed with helping her fight for justice. Lester finds himself falling deeply in love with Kathy, although he is married and has addiction problems, and much personal baggage, of his own.The contested ownership of the house on Bisgrove Street is the fulcrum of this intense novel's plot. Three people compete with increasing desperation, for the title to one small house, which has a different meaning for each of them. The tragedy lies in the inability of all three to understand one another."House Of Sand And Fog" is told from two points of view. And Andre Dubus III, is a master at describing each character's thoughts, and a wide range of emotions, very credibly, with much empathy, conviction and compassion. All of his characters are complex, well developed and believable. Dubus' simple narrative style is elegant, dark, and rich in detail. The plot is riveting - filled with suspense! The novel builds to a tragic, and almost inevitable, conclusion. This book is hard to put down. Highly recommended!
Finally, Laura Collins dispels the myth of the perfectionistic, weight-obsessed, "anorexagenic" mother and suggests that parents can be the cure for rather than the cause of eating disorders.  Readers will find the story of this author's daughter and her journey through anorexia insightful and encouraging.
I loved this book which was recommended to me by a close friend. I have started sessions iWith psychotherapy and although has been a struggle , has been good to find out more on the subject and to understand there is no quick fix. I. Through reading this book helped me to understand more of my relationship which has enabled me to gain more clarity in my life.With eternal thanksAllison
It is really good crime novel this is the 3rd book I read from Jo Nesbo and I like a lot his way to tell the story.
I have been using the All-In-One CISSP Certification Exam Guide since the first edition came out. This is a great update filled with useful information. I would recommend it to anyone wanting to learn more about information security or for preparing for their CISSP certification exam.
I have mixed feelings about this book.  I was an oceonographer wannabe, so I'm familiar with many of the specimens described in the collection process.  But without a visual guide, I think it may be difficult for some readers.  It made me want to see the full 600 page text, which was the scientific (not narrative) portion of the Sea of Cortez.I liked Steinbeck's intimate stories within the narrative - the stories of Tiny and Sparky, Tony and Tex, and the villagers and fishermen of Mexico.  I tend to dislike the philosophical discussions - tho the intro says that the inner workings of Steinbeck's mind has been revealed.  Many of the societal attitudes seem outdated.It's a definite period piece - the gringos visiting the Mexicans and Indios during a time when few gringos came into their isolated world.  When Baja California was an unspoiled habitat for marine life, instead of a resort/sportsman area.  A time when you could freely collect marine specimens without desimating the species.  What a great adventure, though, to make many discoveries (not of unusual species) but of the abundance and variety of species - and to record them for other science lovers.The book jumps in tone, emphasis, and style - showing the variety of Steinbeck's interests, strengths and weaknesses, and makes you want to go back to his classic fiction -where he is strongest in telling the stories of common man.  A good read!
Lin Kong is a doctor in a Chinese military hospital.  Despite being separated from his wife for 18 years, he has, up until now, been unable to obtain a divorce.  He wishes to marry his girlfriend, Manna Wu, and now, finally, he is about to get his wish.  The story that follows is an impressive look at marriage, relationships and our fantasies about love.One can appreciate how author Ha Jin was deftly able to present sympathetic characters here.  Despite his committing a despicable act in divorcing a good wife, we can still feel badly about Lin Kong's plight.  Ultimately the novel is about desire and waiting for its fulfillment.  Lin Kong desires a woman who thrills him mentally and sexually.  Manna Wu desires a husband who can provide her with a family.  Shuyu desires to achieve family unity (and honor) by being an obedient wife.  Even China desires to shed itself of its past and move forward into the 20th century.  They all wait, but eventually the change they have been waiting for happens.  But does reality match up with fantasy?
New customers always come at an investment... But what if you make your existing customers work for you...Instant Referrals has simple strategies to make your customers the best spokespersons for your business...
Jon Delano and Tracie Higgins have been best friends since their college days and have always made time for each other.  He's a hardworking guy who works in computer industry (nerd) who just wants to be noticed by women and of course, get laid and she's a newspaper reporter who aspires to be a good journalist but ends up with the puff features.  Tracie's one major fault is that she is attracted to &quot;Bad Boys&quot; (good looking guys with great bodies, who are selfish in all they do and have absolutely nothing going for them).  Jon comes to Tracie seeking help by way of transforming him into type of guy Tracie goes for and whom other women will also be fascinated with.  Tracie succeeds in her mission only too well by turning Jon into exactly the kind of man she's attracted to.  Unfortunately for Tracie she discovers she been in love with Jon along and tries to set him up for failure with the ultimate female fatale. Since Jon's now a &quot;Bad Boy&quot; he no longer has time for Tracie as he begins to conquer the fairer sex using all the techniques taught to him by his teacher, Tracie.  I've been a major fan of Olivia Goldsmith since the release of The First Wives Club and have read every novel she's had published but this novel had a rather slow start. If you can get beyond page 186 you may find an interesting story in there.  All the characters seem to be lacking self-esteem in a major way and looking for love in all the wrong places.  I'm sure it's possible, but I can't imagine looking for a man who knowingly mistreats women; who has no regard for anyone but himself and is just plain selfish; although there may be many women out there seeking just that.  I found it particularly amusing how a man would want to change himself from totally respectable guy into a &quot;Bad Boy&quot;, but one never knows, does one.
I remember reading this book as a child. In our elementary school, this book was one of three most checked out. If you were carrying this book, you were popular until you had to turn it back in.This book was is Excellent condition! Arrived in great time!Classic scary stories, creepy stories and fun drawings will keep you entertained even if your reading it to your child!
I don't understand the hype around Instagram, but I do understand that the platform is insanely popular.Reading Instagram Power didn't change my mind about prioritizing Instagram for business, but it did offer new insight into how a company might use the platform for brand-building and, ultimately, sales. The book takes a good look at how Instagram compares to other popular social media platforms and walks the reader through some strategies for using photography to bond with your customers and prospects. For example, Miles identifies 12 emotions that a good photograph might trigger in your audience: love, desire, desire to belong, desire to collect, curiosity, storytelling, greed (bargains), urgency, instant gratification, exclusivity, ownership (engagement), and justification (of a purchase).The strength of Instagram Power is less about Instagram and more about the power of visual marketing. As the social Web becomes increasingly attuned to visual imagery, it has become more and more important that businesses understand how to use visuals to communicate and tell our stories.
Elizabeth Berg never fails to touch me with her poignant stories. The characterizations and details are brilliantly presented, and it was very interesting to read about a conflict of this nature from a compassionate male's point-of-view.  I loved and admired Griffin, especially in his interactions with Zoe. The bits where he played the shopping-mall Santa exposed a wonderfully tender and nurturing side.  However, I found Ellen to be such a mousy, cold, selfish and overall unlikable person that I couldn't imagine that Griffin would want to continue a life with her or be open to forgive and trust her again.  In my mind, he was far too patient and tolerant of her affair and her accusations against him. She closed off her feelings and emotions, and didn't express her needs to Griffin over the years, and then blamed him for taking her for granted and neglecting her.  It seemed to me that she was the unappreciative and negligent one who didn't deserve a second chance with him.  Quite a few times, I found myself wondering why they didn't try family counseling, if only for the sake of Zoe.Although the story is considered to have a happy ending, I would have felt more satisfied if this conflict had been resolved differently.  Yet, I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book because it was fast-paced, well-written, deep, introspective and thought-provoking.
Quality literature about life in Soviet Union is not available in great quantities.  Because of the government controls on press and speech, little could be said that went against the party ranks.  "One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich" was only released because Kruschev believed it to be appropriate propoganda against Stalinism and moving past the previous regime.  While the product is not flashy, it leaves an impression on the reader.Solzhenitsyn is gifted in his ability to make the reader see the prison camp.  One can almost feel the cold of the Siberian winter as the narrator endures the conditions.  One aspect of the book that spoke to me as I read the book is the psychology of being a prisoner.  Prisoners are virtually dehumanized and left squabble like animals for the smallest conveniences.  When a man loses his home, has no place to go, and has no possessions, a person reduced to accepting any order in the faint hope of survival.No statement is more poignant than the last paragraph of the book.  "Shukov went to sleep that day fully content.  He'd had many strokes of luck that day;  they hadn't put him in the cells;  they hadn't sent his squad to the settlement;  he'd swiped a bowl of kasha at dinner;  the squad leader had fixed the rates well;  he's built a wall and enjoyed doing it;  he'd smuggled a bit of a hacksaw blade through;  he'd earned a favor from Tsezar that evening;  he'd bought that tobacco.  And he hadn't fallen ill.  He'd gotten over it.  A day without a dark cloud.  Almost a happy day."  When a person has been reduced by so much, the most trivial pleasures are magnified in importance.
Allen Carr's book worked for me after quitting and restarting smoking probably 50 times over the course of 20 years, using zyban, patches, herbs, willpower, and everything else you can imagine. I haven't smoked in 3.5 years now. As Carr explains, quitting is as easy as just being a non-smoker, something that lifetime non-smokers do with ease... and you will too. But don't take my word for it. Read the book for yourself. The great thing about this system is it retrains the mind. As addicts, we are a deluded lot, and we lie to ourselves with tremendous subtlety. The book helps us to see how everything we do and say is organized around this terrible addiction, whether we see it or not. Another great thing about the book is it urges its readers to go ahead and do everything they like to do while quitting. When I quit, I went to the bar, hung out with smoking friends, and even stayed with my chain-smoking family during my first week as a non-smoker. This actually helped build my self-confidence as a non-smoker. The greatest gift Allen Carr gives us in this book is the realization that our fearful anticipation of quitting is much more difficult to overcome than the addiction itself. Trust me. It's not as hard as you think. Allen Carr's book can help you become and remain a non-smoker. I have since given copies to friends only to find that it has worked for them, also. I highly recommend this book to smokers who are ready to give up cigarettes for good. It is much cheaper than zyban, or patches, or gum. And it works!
This is an invaluable resource for learning and practicing verb tenses. The instruction is very easy to understand and the balance of various types of exercises is just right to keep you going through the book without losing your mind of boredom. This is not fun, but if you're serious, this is great practice
H. Mankell tells a compelling story of how the happenings in the world are closer than we think. What seems to be a brutal massacre in a remote village in Sweden turns out to be much more complex. What is the motive for the death of 19 people? We are taken on a geopolitical/economic tour in the 1860s via China to America and back to China and into 2006 via China and Africa. (A realistic aspect in The Man from Beijing world.) It was amazing to see how the story is weaved together. The story involves female Swedish judge who discovers her family's ties to the remote village. Fearing that her mother's foster parents have been married she travels there to see if it was them, and where her mother grew up. After discovering a subtle clue she feels tthe local police are not investigating the proper avenue. While working within the boundaries of the law she attempts to become her own private investigator. Her counterpart is the "Man from Beijing" who has mysterious wealth and power and may be tied to the mystery she is trying to solve.I enjoyed the writing style and pace of this book. Although The Man from Beijing is a stand-alone mystery, I am very interested in reading other works by H. Mankell
This book has a lot of reviews.  I will just add why this book did not work for us, though it's really great.1.  In the beginning, Pantley notes that this will work if--and this is a huge, huge if--you have a support system to allow you to nap during the day (so you have stamina at night to put baby down again and again), to allow you to keep baby's schedule fairly tight, and to allow you to spend a long time with baby every time you put baby to sleep.  If you are a military spouse, a single parent, or simply have a deadbeat partner, and you do not have another adult to help you, you had better hope your child is at least as easy as average to put down.  Or your first and only child.  As a mother at home alone with two children under three, it was impossible for me to implement.  **You can not use this method successfully without the support she suggests.**2.  At the end of the book, presumably for schmucks like me that do everything and two weeks into training begin faltering in the middle of the night due to less than one hour of consecutive sleep for two entire weeks, and having to take care of children during the day, you reach a point where she says, "Still not working?"Then she has two suggestions.  One is to basically bank sleep, sleep all the time you can with baby, even if baby's only sleeping in 20-minute stretches, and then start over.  After two or three weeks of sleep hell with no progress, does anyone really do that?The second is a gentle cry-it-out method in which the parent basically lays baby down and pats baby to sleep through the cradle.  Again and again and again.  Presumably with baby shrieking / screaming / standing up and shaking the sides of the crib in misery.  I'm actually okay with that at this point, I am so desperate for sleep.  But some might not be.  And anyway--this is the kicker--even that didn't work.Pantley has written an excellent book for an average family, I suppose.  However it does take a lot of stamina to implement her plan and it takes a long time.  Months.  If for any reason you cannot do this--for example, you're a single parent working two jobs and you absolutely must find a way to sleep SOON or risk falling asleep at the wheel or sleep-deprivation-induced mental illness--then you may be discouraged by this book.
This was another author mentioned ... in response to the inquiry for Wodehouse-like authors (some of the others were Lawrence Durrell, E.F. Benson, Tom Sharpe, and Tom Holt). Keenan is not only like Wodehouse, if he were any younger, I'd be tempted to say he was Wodehouse reincarnated....P>But enough about Wodehouse--this is Keenan's work, and fine work it is. The narrator is Philip Cavanaugh, a struggling lyricist on Broadway, who is also gay. His friend, Gilbert Selwyn, is also gay and a man with an allergy to work, and who has just shocked their circle of friends by announcing that he plans to marry--a woman! Not just any woman, either, but Moira Finch, a conniving she-animal with a history of bad investments. Gilbert lets Philip in on the scheme because he needs Philip to help pull it off. Gilbert and Moira are actually getting married because of the expensive gifts that they expect to receive from their respective wealthy families. The catch? There's plenty, the most important of which is the fact that everything Gilbert ever gets involved with usually goes bad.If I say any more, I'm going to start giving away too much. Suffice to say that this novel was incredibly funny, and that I've got the sequel, Putting on the Ritz, and it's calling me.
If you're a fan of the X-Files or the Art Bell Show, this is a book for you. Cut to the bone, this is simply a well-researched book that purports to uncover the greatest conspiracies of all time. For history buffs, it's a tantalizing glimpse into the most debated epochs in history. For religious scholars, it's a chance to consider new ideas and maybe rethink things. But the biggest appeal is for those who believe that mankind has a tendancy to twist the facts for the purposes of their own ambitons. If you believe alien bodies were recovered at Roswell, or that Kennedy was killed by our own government, you will enjoy "Holy Blood, Holy Grail." Forget the controversy that swirls around Michael Baigent and the dubious link to "The Davinci Code." This is a book that can stand on its own without the screeching and court acton.-- Mark LaFlamme, author of "The Pink Room."
A murder attributed to a demonic hound challenges not only Mr. Holmes' legendary wits, but more importanly his faith in reason and science as it takes him deep into a misty, timeless moor and into the myths and legends of less enlightened times.  While the values of logic and modernism ultimately triumph with the exposure of the hound as a hoax, Doyle's tense, apmoshperic writing conjures up quite a bit of genuine horror.  Its no accident that horror master H.P. Lovecraft was later able to effectively appropriate much of the novel's basic feeling in his short story &quot;The Hound.&quot;
I had heard about this book and wanted to read it. I hope it turns out to be as good as I heard.
I have read several other books by this author and she knows what she is talking about financially. I would recommend any book by her.
Rebecca West's classic book hardly needs a review from me but suffice to say that I re-read it with great enjoyment during a recent ten day-long tour of the Orthodox churches and monasteries in Serbia and the now independent states of Kosovo and Montenegro.It is truly amazing how evocative a book written this long ago can be. If you care anything about the former Yugoslavia and the present day countries formed from it or about the Orthodox Church, you must read this book.
This is hands down the best book on the Titanic.  Lord gives you not only the feel of being there, but a sense of the tragedy, and the way in which it changed the world in it's wake. If you only want to read one book on the  subject, than look no further than this one.
This book by Jane Roberts, I believe is one of the first books that came out on the &quot;New Age&quot; ideas.  It's hard to believe that ideas like this came out in 1970's and it still holds the same powerful message today as it did back then.  I don't think I can further  add more comments than many of the other positive responses that are already posted But I will try anyways.  I like the self empowering philosophy of this book.  But I think sometimes the book can get a little verbose but then he is channeling through a writer, so maybe that is why.  I give this book a definate 5 stars and recommend it heartily.
Book couldn't be improved in any way.  Sturdy binding, quality paper and a classic work of fiction.  I'd buy again!
This is where it all started for me... 10 years and over 140 books later this book is still the best and the one i refer back to as the information contained is excellent.What a story, whether true, false, fiction or non, it grips you from page 1 to the very end in a mystery that is so compelling and has such wide reaching implications you simply can not put it down.I only wish the 3 authors had produced more work together.Gary May
This is a wonderful book.  It is not usual Grisham topic but wonderful none the less.  John Grisham is a fantastic author and he has written a captivating heartfelt story.  It is a good read.
This book is a great tool for any professional who works with children or adults using behavioral techniques. The methods are explained clearly with examples for application purposes. Anyone from a parent to a clinic director can benefit from this thorough and well written 'manual' for Behavior Modification.
This is a great book full of usefull information. Not so much theory's as other books but practical information. Much better method than 3-day sleep solution which def. didn't work for my 10 m old son...which had more negative affects on him.
"Think Like Zuck" takes on the story of one of the most successful companies in the modern world and translates it into tips for success in any industry. Through career of wunderkind Mark Zuckerberg, Walter illustrates how people can achieve success by being "profoundly certain" in their own worth. But beyond that, Walter breaks down what makes companies like Facebook work so well: The passion of their leaders. A thoroughly researched and entertaining book!
I have been dealing with pelvic pain and interstitial cystitis for several years now and this book was a God send.  It has helped immensely as I was really scared about what was going on.  Not a big book that takes a long time to read; I can't handle that.  The author, Amy Stein, writes short and to the point yet covers a lot of ground so you'll learn what you need to know and why it's important to keep up with the exercises.  I had never heard of Pelvic Floor Dysfunction until I went to an orthopedic doctor, who was going to refer me to a physical therapist to deal with it but now I'm doing it on my own.  I know I've felt better since I've been doing the stretches and I look forward to doing my sessions as they are so relaxing.  HIGHLY recommended.
"The Comedians" is one of Graham Greene's best novels. Set in the nebulous world of Papa Doc's Haiti, it is a story of intrigue, betrayal, and faith. Three strangers ... the narrator, Mr. Brown, the idealist, Mr. Smith, and the confidence Man, Mr Jones, meet on a broken-down Dutch freighter enroute to Haiti. Their lives interconnect on the island, amidst the paranoia of Duvalier's dictatorship and the omnipresent secret police, the Tontons Macoutes. One of the most memorable scenes is of a midnight voodoo ceremony involving Brown's servant who later joins the opposition and is never heard from again.  There is an ongoing, unsatisfying love affair between Brown and the wife of a South American diplomat. Brown finds himself, despite his lack of patriotism or belief, somehow at home in the "shabby land of terror" where he had found himself."There are those who belong by their birth inextricably to a country, who even when they leave it feel the tie.  And there are those who belong in a province, a country, a village, but I could feel no link at all with the hundred or so kilometres around the gardens and boulevards of Monte Carlo, a city of transients. I felt a greater tie here, in the shabby land of terror, chosen for me by chance."Greene writes of the absurdity of life, but at the same time he holds out the hope of survival, even in the hellish slums of Haiti.Although Greene places his dramas in different locations -- Haiti, Cuba (Our Man in Havana); Africa (The Heart of the Matter); Vietnam (The Quiet American) -- he often returns to the same themes: the loss of (Catholic) faith, the tension between good intentions and practical harm (politics); and the frailties of man -- drinking, sex, and pride.
Shade's Children is definitley one of my favourite books. It takes place in the future when the world is run by Masters of special machines. On their 14th birthday, children are taken from their dorms, and turned into one of these machines. This book is about a group of free humans, who live in a submarine, owned by Shade, a computer personality. This may sound a bit weird, but it is truly a great book. I also recommend Sabriel which is by the same author.
LIKE PEOPLE IN HISTORY is a meaty epic spanning 40 years and which chronicles the ups and downs of a love/hate/envy relationship between gorgeous and charismatic cousins Roger and Alistair.  These boys are sooooo in the very thick of things that this juicy plot-driven novel also serves as a overall history of a lost gay generation.  Wherever there's a place to be these boys are THERE - Woodstock, Fire Island, The 'A' list parties, ACT-UP, you name it.  This book is also about changing over time and with age - maturing and adapting.  Accomplished author Picano pours a wealth of drama, melodrama, and humor into this VERY absorbing pot boiler.  Loose yourself in these pages...it's lotsa fun.
Nothing new to add here.  I just wanted to add my 5 star rating to this book.  I'm reading it for the third time.  I've always liked the book; each time I see something new.  I'm always hit by Jake's explanation of the role steers play in calming (and giving a target for aggression) the bulls.  Jake of course, lost his balls in the war.
This is the second a series that Heyer wrote, but you can enjoy it alone.  If you enjoy a good, clean Regency romance, you will love this story.
Any lover of the French must read the coming of age tale of Celine.  Written in 1954, Bounjour Tristesse was novel and took on issues of young love and jealously that seemed ahead of it's time.  Now, the book may feel a bit passe, but for understanding the author and time it was written-- it remains a classic.
I prefer short bursts of Steinbeck to his self-conscious &quot;major: novels. I also think that his nonfiction is better than much of his fiction. His dispatches from England, Algiera, Italy, and PT-boats in the Mediterranean are often insightful, and frequently funny, especially the essay on souvenirs and the in the finale, a multi-part account of tricking a garrison into surrendering.Steinbeck was very clear that he did not capture the essence of battle. Indeed, he wrote very clearly about the self-protective amnesia that descends after traumatic experiences (198-200).What should have been the most important part of the book collecting his 1942-43 reporting, the introduction, seems to have been skipped by some readers. "We were all a part of the War Effort," Steinbeck recalled in 1958. "We went along with it, and not only that, we abetted it. Gradually it became a part of all of us that the truth about anything was automatically secret and that to trifle with it was to interfere with the War Effort. By this I don't mean that the correspondents were liars. They were not. In the pieces in this book everything set down happened. It is in the things not mentioned that the truth lies" Whether he was fully aware that he was producing propaganda when he filed the dispatches (which were censored as well as self-censored), Steinbeck was candid: "We edited ourselves much more than we were edited. We felt responsible to what was called the home front. There was a general feeling that unless the home front was carefully protected from the whole account of what war was like, it might panic. Also we felt we had to protect the armed services from criticism, or they might retire to their tents to sulk like Achilles. . . . Yes, we wrote only a part of the war, but at the time we believed, fervently believed, that it was the best thing to do. And perhaps that is why, when the war was over, novels and stories by ex-soldiers, like The Naked and the Dead, proved so shocking to a public which had been carefully protected from contact with the crazy hysterical mess". It is particularly unfortunate that Steinbeck's friend LBJ did not study these pages.
If you love history you will love this book, all his books are well researched and a great read, just love them
I could not put this book down.  I was drawn in by the pictures the book created.  Having grown up on a prairie farm, I could relate to some of the tasks the young boy had to endure.  We had to weed a large garden and also hoe various weeds out of the corn fields.  The book covered so many topics/problems that made me think:  weather, racial, gang, marital, religious, land ownership, and the list goes on. Every once in a while, I had to deal with some skepticism about a seven year old handling all these problems.  But I enjoyed every minute of my reading.  I'm waiting for my next experience with Grisham.
I used to know Jon Huntsman when he was in the DC area and he's a man of integrity. This is a very good book.
Reading Blue Highways for the last two weeks somehow led me to pick up a copy of Travels with Charley.It reads like a contemporary travelogue. Steinbeck laments the the pollution and human encroachment of wilderness that he finds wherever he travels. If I'd not been told this had been written by Steinbeck, I'd never have guessed it was his child.I liked the book and I didn't like the book. He seems to run into the scruffiest of people, people who have run down to their last dollar, who are down on their luck and down on life. No happy people, John? No cheery optimists?I suppose I'd hoped for more depth.
John Keegan's penetrating look at four military commanders, "The Mask of Command" is a wonderful examination of war, strategy, and generalship.  One of our finest military historians, Keegan brilliantly examines the role leadership has historically played in ancient and modern warfare.  His case studies include Alexander the Great, whose daring, even reckless disregard for danger earned him the respect and devotion of his Macedonian force and its Greek 'allies'.  Keegan's careful breakdown of Alexander's force, the strategies it employed, and Alexander's overall flamboyance on the battlefield contribute to a greater understanding of the period and military realities of the day.  The second study, the Duke of Wellington, offers a more detached, though still fully engaged mind.  Keegan describes Wellington as the anti-hero, in contrast to Alexander's heroics.  A British aristocrat well aware of his station, Wellington employed all of his resources and cunning to win, but did so without Alexander's dramatics.  Third, Keegan explores U.S. Grant during the US Civil War.  Grant is the democratic soldier, committed to the republican ideal.  He is engaged in prosecuting the war and always keenly aware that war itself lifted him out of obscurity and placed him in the critical leadership role.  Finally, Keegan explores the twisted, though occasionally militarily brilliant mind of Adolf Hitler.  Hitler commanded far behind the lines and continually inserted himself further and further down the chain of command.  His justification for his own military judgment was his experience in the trenches of World War I.  Hitler's growing disconnect with military reality as the war progressed spelled ultimate doom for Germany.Concise and well written, "The Mask of Command" offers fascinating insights into military leadership over the ages.  Keegan is always worth reading and this work is one of his best.
Loved it!!!  These characters reach out and invite you into their lives, loves, hurts. I can get enough of this series!!!
Heidi is a twelve-year-old girl who is being raised by Bernadette, who is like her guardian. Twelve years ago, Heidi's mom knocked on a stranger's door and said that she had a "bum brain," had nowhere to live, and was holding a baby.Bernadette takes care of Heidi and her mom, who claims that her name is "So B. It." Heidi now wants to learn more about her mom, so she takes a road trip, by herself, to find out more about her mother's mysterious past. She doesn't really know where she is going, so she just goes wherever the path takes her. But even as little as Heidi knows about her mother, she loves her.This book reminded me a lot ofWalk Two Moons, because the storyline is similar. That's a good thing in my opinion, because I love that book! At the beginning of SO B. IT, you are kind of like "okay, get on with it," but then the story gets interesting. This is a simple yet complicated book, which makes it very interesting.Reviewed by:  Taylor Rector
Great read. Looking at a scary future that could happen. Thje only criticism, I wanted more. It ended to abrupt.
If you're an undergrad or have recently taken over a department and need to get up to speed, this is a great text on the subject.
This is an excellent way to learn Spanish. I think more educational programs ought to go this route. I mean, how do we teach kids to learn English? By propping a book in front of them and forcing them to memorize it? No, by conversactional English. THEN, do the writing. That is essentially what this CD set is doing.Yes, sometimes it is hard to under Michel at first. Then, you get used to his speaking. Having actual students makes it really handy. The lack of "pressure" helps things sink in. I tried some terminology CDs and they just don't work as well.If you want to learn conversational Spanish, especially if you have kids or friends that are learning Spanish, try this out (and consider the 8 CD set as well).
I'm torn between two opinions on this book. As per the title "A Trader's First book on Commodities - An Introduction to the Worlds Fastest Growing Market" it delivers what it sets out to do...introduce new investors to the world of commodities. Important topics include:- A Crash Couse in Commodities (why they are different than stocks/bonds, history etc)- Hedging vs Speculating (fairly basic information but worth repeating in an introductory book)- The Organized Chaos of Open Outcry and Electronic Trading (interesting but not earth shattering info)-Account Access, Trading Platforms and Quote Vendors (getting into the nuts and bolts)-Chooseing a Brokerage Firm (again, fairly basic but prudent information)-Finding a broker that fits (prudent but getting repetitive)-Order Types and how to use them (solid info)-Making Cents of Commodity Quotes (meat of the issue)-Figuring in Financial Futures (ditto)- Coping with Margin Calls-Emotional Stability (fluff/filler?)-Trading is Business...Have a Plan (good advice)-Why speculate in Futures-Futures Slang and TerminologyOkay...that is a list of topics in a nutshell. As you might imagine, a large portion of the book consists of terminology which is perfectly acceptable. The author has a conversational style that is both simple yet informative.So, why not a full five stars? The book was very poorly edited...so poorly it nearly drove me up the walll to read. For example, here is a direct quote from page 73......"I have gotten to experience the anguish of a client going negative". Seriously, "I have gotten..."???? EGADS! Where was the editor?!?!Bottom line - good book in need of a good editor.
This was a Christmas gift for my grandson who was struggling with reading. I used to read the Mouse Tales Books to my kids. Love them.
This is an extremely valuable book in terms of making you consider all the ways your personal data may be stolen and the actual harms of such data theft.The format consists of short descriptions of the topics, followed by multiple anecdotes of actual data loss (usually a decent paragraph in length).It is effective in identifying the many dangers that people face, but the overall result is a feeling that while there are many steps you should take to protect your personally identifying information in an electronic world, nothing can make you completely safe, and a great many things are simply out of the hands of a consumer.Highly recommended reading, but a little distressing at the same time.
Yep, got me hooked!!! Glad to see there are plenty of books to read in the Harry Hole series and also that kindle have them listed in order. I think, no, I know I will be reading them for a while!
As a mother who does not vaccinate her kids, I liked this book. It was a work of fiction, but for so many familes, it was very real.
Peculiar as it seems there is surprising and substantial spiritual consolation to be found in finally contriving to live in the Past, the Present, and the Future. Just look at old Scrooge, he whom foul weather didn't know where to have him. Every December I dig this miraculous story afresh and every December timeless new sentences ring out. I think this time through I especially love the way Dickens resoundingly hammers home the death of Jacob Marley right from the get go:"There is no doubt that Marley was dead. This must be distinctly understood, or nothing wonderful can come of the story I am going to relate. If we were not perfectly convinced that Hamlet's father died before the play began, there would be nothing more remarkable in his taking a stroll at night, in an easterly wind, upon his own ramparts, than there would be in any other middle-aged gentleman rashly turning out after dark in a breezy spot--say Saint Paul's Chruchyard for instance--literally to astonish his son's weak mind."Amen to that, Charley. With knobs on.
As anyone who has been breathing for the past couple of months knows, William Jefferson Clinton's MY LIFE is more than a book. It is a news event, a slice of history, a personal testament, a work to be argued over for years to come by political partisans, most of whom will not have actually read it.Perhaps general agreement might be possible on one point: This massive book is the most complete and wide-ranging apologia ever produced by a former American President. Its only distant competitor is U. S. Grant's autobiography --- but when you compare the scope of the two books, Clinton's emerges as much wider by a large margin. It is not simply an account of his two Presidential terms; it is a full-bore autobiography, starting with his birth on page 1 and continuing to his retirement from office and final summing up on page 957. Even as a physical object MY LIFE is daunting. On my bathroom scale the book weighed three and a half pounds.Clinton sums himself up as "both a political animal and a policy wonk." This is a good capsule summary of the book, which is awash in lists of the programs he advocated, policies he backed in every conceivable field, foreign and domestic; speeches he delivered, and travels he undertook, leaders he dealt with from rural Arkansas bosses to foreign heads of state. The book is far too long, and one shudders to read in his acknowledgements of how much he was persuaded to leave out. The writing can be sprightly and quotable on one page, then ponderous on the next.Is MY LIFE self-serving? Of course. This is Clinton's brief in his own defense, his chance to fire back at his numerous still-active critics. He sees himself as a moderate progressive, not radical enough for the far left and openly at war with the far right faction of the Republican Party. His scorn for the Gingrich-DeLay-Armey wing of the GOP is a major theme throughout. Perhaps the most important of his political heroes is a fellow Arkansan, Senator J. William Fulbright, legendary chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Clinton began his Washington career as a lowly clerk for that committee.The former President is also unhappy with our national preference for political trivia over substantive news. Time and again he complains that public fascination with nonessentials kept the world from learning about things he considered important and newsworthy.This brings us, of course, to the subject of his private life as President. Readers whose only interest is in the Monica Lewinsky affair, Paula Jones, Gennifer Flowers, Whitewater, Vincent Foster and other such titillating events will find them all here, treated with Clintonian reserve and strictly from his personal point of view. He admits to sexual wrongdoing and apologizes (rather too profusely, I feel). But these episodes are only one strand in the larger tapestry of his public career and embattled Presidency. Most of them he dismisses as partisan attempts to destroy him rather than honest investigations of questionable goings-on. Kenneth Starr in particular emerges as a kind of homegrown Javert, an unscrupulous and unprincipled tormentor rather than an honest prosecutor.There is no point in a reviewer trying to sort this out. Every reader will have his or her own perspective. I for one am grateful, however, that these subjects do not take over and dominate the larger narrative of which they form a distasteful but certainly necessary part. Clinton's narrative of his political baptism of fire and upward rise in Arkansas, for one thing, seems far more interesting and important in the overall picture of his life. It's not sexy, certainly, but it matters more.Clinton as a writer lacks the same thing he lacked as President: self-discipline. The level of detail in this book is staggering (remember those 80-minute-plus State of the Union speeches?). The number of names dropped is immense; we learn about the personal styles of political operators in half the small towns of Arkansas, and also those of government leaders in half the banana republics on the face of the globe. Hillary and Chelsea are there too, of course, sometimes cheering him on, sometimes putting up with him. And White House staffers, down to the level of his valets, are duly memorialized.Clinton is no more successful than other writers have been in making the details of Washington budget battles interesting to the lay reader. The same caveat applies to some extent in international affairs; the protracted negotiations on peace in the Middle East, for example, are here at a level of detail that will certainly be of interest only to specialists.MY LIFE is one of those books that has "Important" written all over it. It is not, however, consistently interesting because it bogs down in too much detail. It is Bill Clinton's testament, his boast and his mea culpa all at once. When you reach page 957 you know you have read something that really matters --- but you're glad it's over.
This is an excellent trading book:For those who want to read about the Turtles, Faith is an original Turtle, and this book along with Covel's The Complete Turtle Trader tell the story...Chapter 10 alone is worth this books weight in gold...a discussion and testing results of many differnt trend following systems that private treaders can test and implement.An excellent TRADING book.
Wow, I enjoyed this entire book. Sucked me in and wouldn't let me go. Engaging writing, great plot, great characters with lots of depth and intrigue. 850 pages of the best combination of history, romance, fantasy, adventure, you-name-it. I received this book from GoodReads in exchange for an honest review. I am so glad I received this book - now I have a new author to follow.
All of the Bones books are very well written.  The editing, as in fewer and fewer books, is well done.  The story line, and the well done plot lines, are perfect.  I am always ready for the next Bones books.  Great plots, sub plots, and character development.  Always great!!!
Perfect condition. Cover unbent and clean. Pages untorn and unmarked. Good for classroom study. Colors bright on cover and pages new paper.
I first read The Unknown Ajax in my early 20's. That's when I first discovered the wonderful world of Regency romances and Georgette Heyer.  I had already become a Heyer fan but this was not one of my favorite books.  I think one of the main reasons I didn't fully appreciate this story when I was in my early 20's was that I was more interested in the romance part. While there is a romance that blooms, that is only a relatively minor part of the story.  I wouldn't really label The Unknown Ajax as a romance. 15 years later, I've finally reread it for the 2nd time and this time around, I found it simply delightful.  Truly a masterpiece.Major Hugh Deracott had a "common" mother, and was raised by his very "common" grandfather when both his parents died.  Because his aristocratic father married against the wishes of his family, he was disinherited so Hugh never had any contact with the "noble" side of his family.  Until he becomes the heir, that is.When he meets the arrogant, disdainful Deracott family, they fully expect him to be uncouth, boorish, and simple. Given that he is a big ox of a man, his physical appearance would seem to justify such an opinion.  Hugh plays along in this role because he has such a lovely sense of humor, but in fact, he is hugely capable, sharp, and not to mention very kind.  Hugh is a fabulous, original kind of hero.Every single member of the Deracott family is so richly developed, they come to life.  You get the sense that GH wrote them not just with humor but with love, even the not-so-lovable ones.  The plot unfolds rather slowly, but where I might have thought that was a bit boring when I was younger, now I fully appreciate the intricacy of the story.  And intricate it really is.  Not so much complicated as rich. The climax of the novel is like a perfectly orchestrated dance.  It is suspenseful, original, ingenious, and at times laugh-out-loud funny.This is now one of my favorite Heyer books (and I own every single one of them!).  It is one of the best testaments to her incredible writing skills and her ability to weave a completely new world.
Really shows you how to get from nasty code to well designed and awesome code. I would recommend for learning how to apply test driven development to an existing project.
Albert Camus' magnificent novel, "The Plague," is the only book I've read a dozen times. This month, I'm reading it yet again with ever-increasing respect for the author's skill and radical commitment to honesty. Only George Orwell comes close, in my opinion.SO WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL, ANYWAY? "The Plague" was first published in 1947, just two years after the close of World War II. The storyline is relatively simple:-- Thousands of rats start dying in Oran, Algeria, an ugly seaside city that was then part of the French empire. (Note: A real plague scare swept Oran in 1944.)-- The disease quickly spreads to human beings, who begin dying in ever-greater numbers.-- To prevent a wider epidemic, the local government closes down all routes to the outside world.-- Inside this grim, pestilential setting we witness the best and worst of human nature.-- More importantly, the novel raises huge questions about morality, God, fairness, praxis and human suffering.Unlike lesser writers, Camus doesn't offer up any easy answers. He never accepted the label "Existentialist" and his work certainly can't be forced into a box, literary or philosophical. And no matter what your high school English teacher said, "The Plague" isn't an allegory about fascism, atheism, nihilism or any other "ism." It's far more ambitious, and far less formulaic, than any allegory.In his own powerful way, Camus forces us to confront the most uncomfortable question of all: What if life really is meaningless? What if all of our suffering, joys, effort and achievements count for nothing in the grand scheme of things? Simply put, what if there is no "grand scheme of things"?Each character in "The Plague" is both a real person and a symbol for something deeply perplexing about the human condition. They are living contraditions who slowly tear apart the false fabric of conventional wisdom.Our lead character is Dr. Bernard Rieux. He's a humble champion of human dignity but also a fatalist without much faith in anything - except practical action and perseverance. On the other side of the spectrum is Father Paneloux, a militant Jesuit priest of Oran who insists the plague is God's punishment on the local population. Paneloux is a classic example of dead faith masquerading as certainty. He reveals the emptiness of "true believers" who abandon humility in favor of arrogance.Even the novel's strangest characters pose difficult questions: Monsieur Cottard begins the novel by trying to commit suicide, but then finds new reason to live as death sweeps across the city. Why? What does this signify about hope in the face of doom? Other characters are by turns greedy, loving, selfish, delusional and even comical (e.g., the man whose hobby is spitting on cats). The one thing you won't find in "The Plague" is a neat, tidy ending that resolves everything for you.As a Christian, I find myself coming back to Camus often because he challenges my faith and understanding of the world. He not only "overturns the applecart" of simplistic theology, he sets it on fire and throws it off a cliff. In fact, Camus' radical honesty reminds me of a certain Jewish carpenter who uttered these words just before he was executed: "I came to bear witness to the truth." But what is truth?, asked Pontius Pilate.Jesus (like Camus 2,000 years later) remained silent, refusing to answer that question. The implication is clear -- at least for me.
Brokerages did not even track the accuracy of their analysts' opinions until recently. A 2007 survey found stock-picking 10th (out of 12) in priority of analyst attributes - ranked by their employers. Not surprisingly, their track-record for accuracy is often atrocious.Problems begin with the fact that rating definitions differ between firms, and are usually overstated (in code) to pacify affected executives (eg. "Hold" = negative). Upgrades are usually late, rarely value-oriented, and usually momentum-driven. Unclear, but suspected issues (eg. lack of confidence in management's estimates, concern about untrustworthy management) are not put into writing, and may only show up in an analyst's body language or tone of voice.Analyst coverage overemphasizes large firms (obviously greater interest in them), is biased towards the short-term (6 months, or less), misses Titan shifts (eg. moving from film to digital), reaches individual investors late (vs. media, and institutions).Analysts generally ignore economists' projections - they're changed too often (and wrong). Analysts are reticent to downgrade a stock, fearing institutional holder retaliation via commission allocations.Since 2000, the number of analysts has declined about 40%, and is en route to falling another 30% by 2008.Best investments are those that are safe (low multiples, healthy balance sheet, not falling), small-cap, innovators, viewed for the long-term, and in a rising industry. Avoid IPOs (only dogs are offered to the little people), limit the number of holdings, firms with executives that blame external factors for their firm's problems, and those with flashy personal style."Full of Bull" does not address the question of the relative importance of timing vs. stock selection. In today's obvious down market (and prior boom markets), timing seems much more important.
Crichton's science fiction generally has the plot: (1.)Somebody does something daring with dangerous high tech. (2.)Something goes terribly wrong. (3.) Protagonists, who are usually not responsible for the mess, find themselves running like hell. This pattern holds here. I thought it dragged a bit in the middle, but reved up again by the end. Overall, well worth the price in paperback. Crichton did good research on the historical period and it shows. One feature that was interesting was his attention to the practical problems his female characters faced in an era where, if you were a woman and very, very lucky, you were a well-treated item of personal property. But this book is really about the remarkable people who labor to reclaim the human past. I once considered becoming an archaeologist and was appalled to learn that I might spend years on a graduate degree, master several languages (most of them dead), do dirty, disgusting, student slave labor on various digs, and then find myself perpetually unemployed. I chickened out. I admire greatly the people with enough passion to know the odds and push ahead anyway. Such people would have the courage to cope with the situations Crichton throws at his characters.
I love this book! Great guide to Japanese Grammar that I recommend to anyone learning the Japanese language. It makes things so easy to understand. :)
I am a Grisholm fan but have been disappointed and almost quite reading his works.  This book, along with Bleachers and A Painted House have brought me back.This story is a 'one off' It is about the law - not from a lawyers point of view but a newpaper editor.  I like how the story moved and the details were revealed.He developed good characters-Callie was my favorite and I wish I knew someone who cooks the way he wrote it.
Gerald Durrell will make you roar with laughter even in a whispering land. The fact that this book is still in print after half a century gives you some idea that it is still quite readable: In fact, it reads as if it were written yesterday.I devoured this book as part of a reading program I planned for myself for a trip to Patagonia. The first half of the book is set in two areas in Patagonia that I planned to visit: Puerto Deseado in the south, once visited by Darwin on his circumnavigation of the earth on the Beagle, and the large wildlife preserve at Peninsula Valdez, near Puerto Madryn. There, Durrell visited penguin rookeries; saw the breeding grounds of sea lions and elephant seals; and saw guanacos, Geoffroy's cats, rheas, and tinamous.From Patagonia, Durrell went to the area around Jujuy in the tropical northwest of Argentina. There, he went into collecting mode as he employed locals to track down wild animals that were being kept as pets by the indigenous population.Durrell's encounters with the local people are funny and at times heart-wrenching, as when he finds a self-taught naturalist named Coco who must work at a sawmill to make ends meet. But Durrell's encounters with animals are utterly hilarious, as his attempts to tame a captured Geoffroy's cat (gato montes).One of the best chapters relates to the difficulties that Durrell has in exporting his animals and getting all his bureaucratic ducks in a row. His final departure on a ship bound to Europe is held up until a last minute solution satisfies a particularly mule-headed customs official.I enjoyed this book so much that I plan to read several more of Durrell's works soon. It is hard to believe that the author is the brother of novelist Lawrence Durrell, author of THE ALEXANDRIA QUARTET.
This is a good book to get an overview of touring by bicycle.  This book is published by the same publisher who published Trudy Bell's The Essential Bicycle Communter, which is unfortnately out of print and should be a canidate for updating.The Essential Touring Cyclist has been fortunately been updated and kept in print. I found the information useful.  Maybe this is not the right book for an experienced touring cyclist, as some other reviewers have mentioned.  While this book gives an excellent overview and tips to prepare for a cycling adventure, it could have been a bit more detailed like Bell's book--why I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars.
Robert Harris has perhaps achieved the impossible: he has turned a civil engineer into a sexy, swashbuckling hero. For that reason alone, he deserves four stars.Marcus Attilius, is the new "Aquarius", the engineer in charge of the aqueducts, in the Bay of Naples circa AD 79. He comes from a family of honest engineers who have helped make the Aqueducts of the Roman Empire, the engineering marvel of their times. The description of these aqueducts and their structures is actually fascinating.However, Attilius has a lot more to think about than how to build the next aqueduct. His predecessor mysteriously disappeared, he has had a run-in with the former slave who now runs Pompeii in the manner of Tony Soprano, he has fallen in love with this individual's daughter, and the water in many places has slowed to a drip. And we're not even getting into the fact that Vesuvius will erupt in a day or two.Harris writes a thriller that is both fast-paced (Attilius traveling all over the area in a matter of hours) and SLOW-paced (to his credit, he makes you feel the excruciating pain as the lava dried second by second by second on individuals). He mixes true historic figures-Pliny the Elder, the Admiral/Poet, who wrote about Pompeii before he too was killed in the disaster-and fictional characters.I would recommend this book to those who enjoy the historical thriller genre and don't demand too much (e.g., fully developed characters). It's a great read.
The book presents very general concepts with specific and powerful examples that illustrate the main point -- you need to change the way people think about something before you can influence them to change their behavior. It looks at human behavior, influence techniques, and influence traps/pitfalls, and offers tons of tips on how you can approach influence in any situation.
Amazing. Very sexy and exciting but not explicit and gratuitous.  We meet Flora as a young lonely girl of ten on vacation with her selfish, neglectful parents.  We follow her life as she matures to a beautiful woman.  Three men love her but which does she love and which one will she choose.  This is one book hard to put down.
This is a book that will give people who never think deeply about marketing as well as marketing students a good deal to talk about; but hard-core, in-the-industry types won't find any earth-shattering material lurking behind most pages. That being said, it does cover the basics of expressing personality while developing your brand. It also manages to give some very relevant examples of other companies and their own efforts to improve or innovate on the idea of a brand with personality. It explores the variations that marketing can take on, and further explains the history of ignoring personality and emotion in marketing along with the repercussions of ignoring the more human side of a business.Overall: Very good for those curious about marketing or for students as they learn more about marketing. However, this is not a good book if you are already familiar with business and the need for personality while building brands and consumer trust. Therefore, I'm willing to say that it is a good book, but I must admit that it lacks the oomph needed to give it a 5th star.
This book arrive in record time for my summer Physiology course. The class used a newer addition but this addition by the same author was very good.It had all the same terms, I did not miss any information. I got an A out of class. The book was heavily high lighted and had water damage but it was listed as used so I didn't expect it to be in new condition. I paid a small amount for book that had important information in it.I would buy used books from this seller again.
A warm summer day on vacation, with nothing to do and The Tao of Pooh in hand, is a pefect time for this quick read with an important message. Nothing to do is not what it seems. This quiet, open space is the place to find that bear of small brain but big heart. As the fox says in The Little Prince, "Here is my secret, a very simple secret. It is only with the heart that one can see rightly. What is essential is invisible to the eyes." Winnie the Pooh, as interpreted by Benjamin Hoff, would agree that the Tao (way) can only be found in what Yeats calls the "deep heart's core."As children we all started with a good heart, but somewhere along the way we became confused with too much to do and too little time. But the heart knows that we have all the time there is in the eternal present. We need to discover, as ee cummings says, how "To be nobody but 'ourself' in a world that is night and day trying to make 'us' just like everybody else." Nothing to do will give us a chance find ourself and to experience with this discovery the "peace which passes all undertanding."Our first tendency will be to begin thinking of the right answer, like owl, or to start immediately doing something, like rabbit. We need to turn off the thinking and doing machine, which is the foundation of our Western Culture, and instead, practice leaving things alone, that is doing nothing, as Lao-tse would recommend in The Tao Te Ching, tne basis for Hoff's The Tao of Pooh.In Hermann Hesse's great little book, Siddhartha, only at the end of his life, sitting by the river, doing nothing but listening quietly to the river flowing by him as he sat on the grass, did Siddharth finally attain enlightenment and an understanding of himself and his place in the world.On our own vacation on a warm summer's day with the Tao of Pooh in hand, perhaps we will begin to listen quietly to "the sound of lake water lapping with low sounds by the shore" as we discover what is in our deep heart's core.
One of the problems with Marketing is that it typically has not spent any real time looking at measuring its successes, performance, etc.  WhileMarketing Metrics: 50+ Metrics Every Executive Should Masteris a long way from such a holistic text, it does contain a great catalog of metrics, explanations of use an cautions such that a savvy manager could over time construct his own performance management system.
Excellent for children is a hard claim to make for someone without children but i read it as a child and turned out ok, and it was one of the many books that later in life i re-bought, if you read this as a child or are just looking for a fun book to give yours then i would suggest this.
I'm a (very) late-comer to this book.  And marketing is not my expertise.  Yet, I got a lot from this book.  The business examples (which may or may not have been dated at the time of publication) were adequate to make the author's points in 2001 but today would be perceived as inadequate by most readers. Given today's world, would the authors advance the same points of view?  That was a question I was regularly asking myself.during my reading. It's an easy read, Ries and Trout are obviously very good at what they do. The book reflects that.  Plus, the book isn't over-written, it assumes an intelligent audience that is capable of making informed inferences from the material.  This makes for a relatively quick read.  Well done!Bill Wiersma, Author--The Power of Professionalism
If even one tenth of this book is true then this is the most vile and evil individual to have been American. What a phony and disgrace. His name should be next to hypocrite in the dictionary.
A very interesting idea about using a modern investigative approach to a 500 year old case. I learned a lot about theRichard III era. I would like to know if the facts presentedare verifiable because the evidence and analysis presented seem solid.I read about this book and author in a text by Christopher Hitchens, he seems to be a fan.
I have always loved this story and enjoy the old english language which some reviewers did not like. However, almost everyone is familiar with the story and should be able to follow it.
This is one of my favorite Grisham book. It is so refreshing to get him out of the courtroom, I hope he writes more like this one.
You never know with humour, and for the first half of this book I wasn't at all sure I was going to like it. Was it funny at all? I couldn't make up my mind. Then, more or less as the great climb got well and truly under way, something in my mind meshed with the sublime, ethereal imbecility of the author's theme and suddenly I kept roaring with laughter.In a way, this is a quintessentially English book. Its humour is so gentle, so oblique, so dry. Even the running gags - of which there are many - take a while to bed down. The first reference to carrying cases of champagne up the mountain tends to have little or no impact on your brain. It's such a ridiculously impossible idea that your mind simply rejects it. But it keeps coming back, progressively associated with the expedition leader's stolid persistence in believing that it is all for "medicinal purposes", until suddenly you are swept away by helpless laughter.If you appreciate dry wit, and you happen to have a day to spare (two half-days will answer almost as well), you really owe it to yourself to join our intrepid heros and share their triumphs, disasters and general roaring incompetence. You won't regret it.
People who drain you dry- or otherwise just suck the life from you. Whatever analogy you want to use, the "emotional vampires" the author is referring to are those people with personality disorders.Each chapter discusses a "vampire" aka personality type (borderline, obsessive compulsive, narcissitic, etc-). The author reviews how to spot or identify one of these predators, how to deal with them, and how to recognize whether you yourself demonstrate a possible personality type. Equally helpful is how the reader can understand why people tend to act like this-Although most "vampires" are in reality a mix of 1 or more of these types- I found it very useful and helpful to understand why people act like this and how I can not let these type of people get to me on a daily basis.I also found it comforting that the "vampires" I interact with in my life are out there-worldwide- and that I'm not the only one dealing with these types of people.
I found this title courtesy of Josie-Mary in Devon, who believes herself to be born in the wrong era and I was only too delighted to see our library listed this novel in their catalogue!Author Helen Dunmore pens a seemingly prosaic story of two newlyweds moving into a cold little flat in 1952 Yorkshire. Philip, a young doctor spends long hours working and his wife Isabel feels isolated as she tries to adjust to country life.During one of many lonely walks, Isabel discovers an R.A.F. bomber airfield, a derelict ghost of a war now 7 years over, a stark reminder of losses including her parents in a faraway camp.When she finds in a cupboard a greatcoat such as worn by WW2 R.A.F. officers, Isabel inquires from her dour landlady of its origin only to be told it is hers if she wishes to have it.Isabel enjoys the great coat's for its woollen warmth as she lays in bed dreaming until one night, she hears a knock at the window and sees a young officer, his coat resembling the one she found. He seems to know Isabel and she feels she knows his name...What follows is a haunting tale of love highlighted by a clever twist of storytelling, that of the existence of a fine line betwixt this world and the after world, seen perhaps only by those who have experienced great loss.I have always felt a pull towards WW2 era stories and this plot line was singularly fortuitous.In 'The Greatcoat' Helen Dunmore gives us a beautifully crafted story of passion drawn against the dramatic background of WW2 and postwar Great Britain.You will not want to miss it!5 Stars!Finally, as you know, unless specified, all reviews reflects only my opinion!
The Boston Globe called this book, "gloriously eccentric..." which is an inaccurate way to represent this story by Mark Haddon.  If anything, Haddon enters the world of autism and demystifies it, making it less eccentric.  We see the world through the eyes of fifteen year-old Christopher Boone, who abhors the color yellow, but calms himself by solving complicated math problems in his head.  The reader learns to re-calibrate his or her own emotional responses a la Christopher, for whom things hurt according to their logical content or lack thereof.This book has many strengths, and Christopher's father is perhaps one of the best examples of a sympathetic but highly flawed character.  While Christopher is undoubtedly the book's protagonist, the non-autistic reader will more likely empathize with Christopher's father, who is capable of both great love and great destruction.Aside from Christopher's discussions with his therapist Siobhan, the book wisely veers away from preachy explanations about autism.  Even the therapy sessions are more about interpersonal connection than outlining the intricacies of autism, and it is this that helps the reader to connect to Christopher in something other than sympathy.  We engage with Christopher's world, not the world of autism...and this is right as autism spectrum disorders defy generalizations or easy categories.The end result, if anything, is that the eccentricity of general humanity is exposed.  We become conscious of our everyday lack of logic.  The novel  is just as much about the human condition as the autistic condition.
It's hard for me to review The Heart of the Matter without mentioning The Power and the Glory, so I won't even try. While many people think The Power and the Glory is Greene's tragic masterpiece, I think the case could be made for this book. In a way, The Heart of the Matter is the reciprocal of  The Power and the Glory - instead of leading a fairly villainous protagonist on a path to redemption through death at the hands of the ruling authority, it takes a basically good authority figure, the police commissioner Scobie, down a path to both spiritual damnation and public and private ridicule. I find it ironic that Scobie's one abuse of his power, sleeping with a native, is but one of the many committed by the whiskey priest in The Power and the Glory, and the final act of each, suicide, is seen as heroic in The Power and the Glory, and quite pitiful in The Heart of the Matter. The is of course easily attributable to Greene's Catholic obsession with redemption - the whiskey priest proclaims his sinful nature and the narrator forgives (and deifies) him, while Scobie (and the narrator) clings to his own essential goodness - thus the sin of pride is what ultimately prevents Scobie from either human or divine forgiveness. This is problematic at best and arrogant at worst for an audience unconcerned with godly redemption. I would fall into the godless swine category, which is why I find Scobie so much more likeable than the whiskey priest, and why I find his ultimate ruin so much more tragic. And if we're rating tragedy, isn't that the most important indicator?
This was purchased for our young grandsons and it is cute and easy to read.  The grasshopper is a unique participant and the kids are very familiar with them so they like his adventures.
I'll admit this one can drag a bit in many places, I put it on the back burner 3 times before finishing it. But once you get to the end it really does change the way you see the rest of the book and makes you want to read it again. If you meet someone who says it was pretentious ask them if they finished it. The author is clearly in on the truth about his charactors and people like them in real life.
Maugham based this story on the life of Paul Gauguin. This is well known. Less well known are the various aspects of Gauguin's  character which Maugham has fleshed out for us in this book. He paints his as a thoroughly detestable character, ruthless in his misuse of those about him (even Maugham) but utterly obsessed by his desire to paint. As a character study (which this book is), it is second to none.
Incredibly honest and real.Tim puts you into his memory while taking you along the ride of his imagination. Tremendous
The book September 11 A Testimony by Pearson Eduation was a very good novel on what happened in New York City on September 11, 2001. On this date New York had a terrorist act by Osama Bin Laden.Around 8:47am on September 11,2001 flight 11 plowed into the North Twin Tower of Manhattan. The tower went down minutes later. Seventeen minutes after the first plane was hit the second one got hit by flight 175. Now everyone was waiting around, wondering if they were going to live or die. People trying to get out of the rubble that was setting against them. Rescuers were rushing to try and save as many lives as possible.People were covered in dust from the falling buildings. They were crying and crying looking for there loved ones. Fireman  all suited up and waiting to help everyone needing to be helped.I thought that this book was a great novel. It explains everything as it actually happened, and even has pictures. I loved how the author worded this novel.  I would recommend this book to anyone interested in history.
Justine is the first novel in a four volume set known as "The Alexandria Quartet."  Lawrence Durrell sets the stage with a description of the behaviors and thoughts of his characters that are determined by the cultural history and current settings of the ancient city in Egypt.  The acts and interactions of the international cast, including Arabs, Jews, Africans, and Anglos, are not the results of free will, but are reactions to Justine who is affected by her life long residence in Alexandria.Justine is the flawed, sensual heart of her social group, married to and in love with Nessim but too impulsively driven to find self acceptance to remain faithful to him.  Her faith is in the life of the city that she believes can reveal her identity if she can only find the key, like finding a small precise key to a beautiful and intricate pocket watch. The urgency is to find the key before her time of manic energy runs out. Durrell writes, "Somewhere in the heart of experience there is order and coherence which we might surprise if we are attentive enough, or patient enough. Will there be time?"The order and coherence of Alexandria is amoral so Justine's understanding of herself cannot be constricted by standard rules of behavior. To love Justine is to hate oneself because she embodies qualities one can never possess, just like the city that created her. For Justine self possession is finding meaning in her unconscious identification with the city, acting out in cycles of irrational sensual and destructive acts, like the repeating cycles of the history of Alexandria.I highly recommend this novel that details the futile attempt of Justine to restructure her past.  She attaches to other residents of Alexandria who are seeking answers to their own mysteries in hedonism, religion, cultural identification, and mysticism.  She wreaks havoc by showing them there is no apparent structure to life and love, there is no personality. There is only the temporary routine of habits of behavior and thought. The answer may be to simply surrender without qualification to the passion of the city and look for patterns of emotion.
This is an edited collection of technical papers written "with chemists in mind." Happily, much of it, but hardly all of it, can be understood by an earnest layperson; several of the authors do a great job providing some (limited) non-technical introduction. But don't look here for an easy introduction--this book takes work to read but rewards the effort. It is a fantastic resource, and I will cherish it on my bookshelf as a reference for certain investment themes.Aside from a collection of alternative energies, one constant theme is a careful analysis of each fuel's economics (and potential economics; as you'd expect, much of the future promise depends on technology improvements, efficiencies, and the cost of traditional crude as it impacts the investment competitiveness of alternatives). It is utterly *fascinating* to read about the cost inputs to these various fuel sources. Crude oil is not alone is producing externalities (this book really makes clear how the externalities--environmental and health costs--must figure into a calculus). None of these alternatives is without *some* external costs; even harmless wind consumes some land, creates noise, and has "visual impact" (are ugly?).My favorite articles:* Accessible, if technical, introduction to hydrocarbons (Chapter 1)* Delightfully brief informative paper on clean coal (coal is the dirty, responsible for 30-40% of CO2 emissions)* High-quality piece on Alberta oil sands (one of the largest crude oil resources in the world) by authors who made an effort to make this readable to the lay person. It's well known the marginal cost of heavy oil is high/prohibitive, but this article brings a solid case into sharp relief: on average, they put the extraction of crude bitumen profitable when crude is US $50/barrel or higher. They project (very) roughly a continuation of 10% growth and estimate a "peak (heavy) oil" for Alberta in the year 2054.*  I learned much from L. Staudt's chapter on wind energy; e.g., according to his numbers, the total (theoretical) wind resource is almost twice the world's projected electricity need in 2020. Great mix of technical, economic and political information; this article made me very interested in wind.* I will need to re-read to article on wave energy; it splashed "over my head."* Love the color insert of graphics in the middle of the book. There is some real craftmanship on display here.* Two dense, high-quality articles on solar (really interesting on concentrators; technical-leaning on photovoltaics)* One of my favorite articles, that i have bookmarked to re-read, is on hydroelectric power. In my humble opinion, the selection of simply charts used to communicate the sector is a case-study in clear visual communication.Two articles that didn't work for me so much:* Survey of various studies on cost/benefit of nuclear power. Ironically, this is the one non-technical article and I did not understand how their compilation (e.g., uranium is a small part of the total cost; it's mostly capital costs to construct) leads them to conclude "as financing costs start to fall below 8%, nuclear becomes increasingly viable." This article left me with more questions than answers* It's my fault for not being a chemist, but as a layperson, I couldn't get much from the fuel cell article.I'm not qualified to judge the selections that constitute the selections in Parts III & IV (e.g., pebble bed modular reactor). My guess is: there is at least something for everybody.A gem of a book, I don't know where else you can find such a collection. I also appreciated the apolitical presentation. Clearly, the text supports the case in favor of alternatives, but it's a strictly-by-the-numbers argument without emotional bias. If we could only vote these folks into power, i'd feel much safer.
Nota Bene: Once purchased, my Kindle download page contained this note near the download button: "This title has complex layouts and has been optimized for reading on Kindle DX's larger screen, but can still be viewed on other Kindle devices." This message disappeared after a few minutes.Regardless, the formatting on my Kindle 2 looks good. I am using the smallest font available. There is no Table of Contents and no jogability.This book is one of my dearest childhood reads. Nice to have it nearby again.
I am convinced that everyone except the usual contrarians will eventually agree that this is the Golf Swing Bible.  I have been playing 25 years or so and Hardy's work has finally solved all the golf swing instruction confusion.  I am no longer the slightest bit confused by what I read or see no matter how opposite and contradictory. It is all completely understood when viewed in the 1 and 2 plane concepts.Furthermore I have found that his prescriptions for both swings is accurate. I spent the better part of 2013 trying to perfect the one plane swing (tried to get Moe Norman results) and found that all Hardy's points/keys are valid. Unfortunately I am just not made up such that the 1 plane is for me so I went back to the 2 plane. Hardy's work made that switch a breeze. I knew exactly what I had to do, how to do it etc.  Hardy's 2 books and better yet the DVD's are mandatory for all golfers.The new Golf Swing Bible  Mandatory - period. Or wallow around for 20 years dazed and confused.Big picture update:Golf instructors mean well but harm students. This is a powerful concept to grasp!This was said during the seminar: Body Swing Connection - Titleist Performance Institute @ 2011 PGA Show, by TPI co-founders Dr. Greg Rose and Dave Phillips. (see YouTube video - very worthwhile viewing)There are three books that form a rather complete package for someone trying to finally achieve a repeating swing and stop screwing it up.#1 The Golf Swing Bible since 2006 = The Plane Truth For Golfers by Jim Hardy.There are 2 books that present the information in 2 different fashions and/or DVD set (Library like I did) I like best The Plane Truth for Golfers Master Class: Advanced Lessons for Improving Swing Technique and Ball Control for the One- and Two-Plane Swings  Get all three as this work is the new Golf swing BIBLE - PERIOD! Sorry Ben Hogan. Ben Hogan's the 5 lessons is great for a one plane swinger but will screw up a two plane swinger.  The work by Jim Hardy can and will once and for all help you/stop you from screwing up your swing by realizing that there are 2 different swings with 2 movement prescriptions.#2 The supplement to the Hardy "Bible" expands and illustrates and reveals major components and nuances  = Your Perfect Swing by Jim SuttieHe reveals power  sources. Turners, coilers, rotators, sliders, high swings, low swings, late releasers, early releasers, open or shut face releasers etc. Very valuable compliment to Hardy's work.#3 How to Learn Golf by Harry Hurt,  He teaches you about all those who are teaching you how to swing. What methods they are advocating and what categories all that instruction falls into.  A very valuable resource for trying to sort out  the instruction that appears everywhere. In the end you can focus on what you want and avoid what is not for you.Outstanding book for a golfer set on improvement and  trying to make heads or tails out of all the swing advice confusion. He took lessons from the worlds best at very high cost. But the book can also apply to books, TV and magazine "lessons"From page 24: "No matter which approach you choose, you need to know where your instructors are coming from, which of the major methods they advocate, and the advantages and disadvantages of each.  Otherwise you are likely to find yourself bouncing from one pro to another, perpetually trapped in a state of confusion and frustration as you are inundated with conflicting advice and diametrically opposite swing thoughts. No one knows better that I do after taking lessons from twenty-one teaching pros in twenty-four months. Instead of suffering the pain and confusion of running a similar instructional gauntlet, you can simply read this book."Another helpful book is Lowdown From the Lesson Tee : Correcting 40 of Golf's Most Misunderstood Teaching Tips by David Glenz
My students are getting ready to write their autobiography and this was a great way to begin having them think about themselves.
I picked up this book when I was starting to write a story about two lesbian teenagers to do some research, to find out what might be going through these girls heads, and it sent me on my own path of questioning my sexuality. Before reading this book, I was adamantly straight, but after reading it I saw myself in several of the characters. Some of my favorites are Ellen Howards 'Running', Nancy Garden's 'Parents' Night' and Gregory Maguire's hilarious yet touching 'The Honorary Shepherds'. Some of the author's in here are very well known, like M.E. Kerr, Nancy Garden and Francesca Lia Block, others I'd certainly never heard of, but I'd recommend every story in the book to anyone with an open mind.
A story that takes you back in time to the horror of being poor in England. The twists and turns in. The story can be a little confusing at times but well worth the read
I really enjoyed this novel. The author depicts the emotions of people going through a divorce brilliantly. The raw emotions that always surface when a long marriage falls apart, the pain of letting go even of the kind of a marriage that has been dead for a while, the desperation of the partner who is not ready for a divorce and the doubts of the partner who is - all of these conflictive feelings are rendered very faithfully.I don;t want to create any spoilers for people who are planning to read this very good novel, but there is a part in it, closer to the end, that seemed belabored and that didn't ring nearly as true as the rest of the novel. I wish the author avoided going for the shock factor and didn't try to transform a psychological drama into a thriller all of a sudden.Still, this is a very good novel and I will be looking forward to reading more books by this undoubtedly gifted writer.
Honestly, I thought the first 400 pages were more compelling than the conclusion. However, this book is quite remarkable.  The Biblical theme of Cain/Abel with Charles/Adam and Caleb/Aron is a haunting revelation into the complex balance between good and evil that defines us as human beings. Cathy (Kate) is without a doubt the most devious and evil literary character I've encountered EVER in literature. Every scene she was in I couldn't wait to see what happened!I do recommend this book, despite its flaws, because the glimpse into humanity is powerful. It did concern me a bittoo when I realized that 3 of my 4 children are named Adam, Caleb and Kate!
Gives me hope for humanity, capitalism, free markets, personal freedom, and a decent quality of life for all mankind.  Imagine all the people living life in peace, with hope in their hearts, food in their bellies, roofs over their heads, veggies in the garden--without "charity" and poorly run government welfare/subsidy programs in sight.  People winning everywhere you look--up the pyramid and down!  Fabulous!
at a time when we are receiving classified information leaked by Snowden, I found this book of great interest.  If what it says is true, it's a wonder we didn't suffer a nuclear attack or initiate one during the cold war.  The lack of security concerning who could have initiated an attack from the US or from the Soviet Union is scary.
I first read this book in the early 90s, after watching the film by Francis Ford Coppola.The Rainmaker takes us through a law student's first trial and burgeoning law practice. Rudy Baylor introduces us to his parents and his surroundings: the Cypress Gardens retirement home. In this novel Grisham focuses on the characters more than the actual events (which are used to propel the characters forward through maturity and adult life). While we are quickly introduced to Dot and Buddy Black, Rudy himself is uneasy about meeting Donny Ray, and although the reader knows that he doesn't have much time left, we don't get to "hear" his voice until roughly a quarter into the novel. The first quarter, the lead-up to the film's outset, involves Rudy trying to find gainful and profitable employment. This is far more riveting than it may sound, and leads to Rudy's ire towards Trent and Brent.We are introduced to Rudy Baylor as a young, bright and capable law student, cursed with naivete and an impetuous temper into a well-rounded adult. He no longer takes affront at minor slights well before the final chapter.I have read the book twice and listened to William Dufries' spectacular narration several times. This book has a poignancy that will never leave humanity. One of the key themes ever-present in The Rainmaker is how those who have money, power or and status can buy their brand of "justice." This is also exemplified in every Grisham novel I have read (which include The Last Juror, The Runaway Jury, A Time to Kill, The King of Torts. The Associate and The Appeal). The wealthy and excessively affluent can stall cases for years until the statute of limitations expires (unless, of course, a judge who has not lost faith in justice is presiding). It's not that justice never prevails, but that it seldom prevails.Grisham's writing flows nicely, with no padding or filler. I found myself barracking for Rudy and even Deck as they toss ethics out the window and seek out Mr. van Landel, an unfortunate soul who became the victim of a drunk driver. Deck is one of Bruiser Stone's unapologetic ambulance chasers. While this may sound unethical at first glance, is simply all they can do to survive in a city almost infested with lawyers. The climax doesn't occur until the final three hundred pages, but you won't feel bored. Grisham knows how to weave a story, and keeping readers hooked on his every word is one of his many talents.
This is the book that got me in to reading best sellers. Well written and defined, it also describes the dangers of cloning. There is hardly a flaw in this book, and its not only about dinosaurs. It more about selfish  ambitions, and the people behind them (John Hammond), their disregard for  everything arround them etc It also brilliantly describes the  phrase&quot;Nature always find a way&quot;. The filmed version also merited  5 stars but if  have to compare between the two, its the book which wins on  points.
An unusual story from the beginning and one that I could not put down.  A different view of the world and family.
While this is the best romance ever, it pales in comparison to the 6 Outlander books that follow.  It's clear that Diana Gabaldon does her research, as the other books are rich in historical detail...much more so that this, the first of the series that was basically her &#34;practice&#34; to see if should write a novel.  Boy could she!
I just started this book but have thumbed through all the chapters. The author is a very good writer and seems to be passionate about the subject unlike some of the authors that write dry tombs for O'Reilly. However, "Unix Power Tools", O'Reilly is not a dry tomb.Anyway, better know your way around linux before you get this book even though it starts very basic. This is a huge book, 761 pages. Great info...
This is written for the ordinary layperson and presents the arguments for free market capitalism. It takes the near libertarian view with regard to government involvment in the market place. Those that share Charles Murray's point of view may find this an excellent book to share with those beginning their studies of economic theory. keep in mind this is not a self-help book for the individual seeking investment advice but instead suggest which political point of view most likly to improve the state of the economy.
This book is very thorough in its investigation of the Tsavo lions and man-eating lions in general, as can be observed from the table of contents:Chapter 1 The Reign of Terror: The Lions of the Tsavo AttackChapter 2 The Terror Continues: Man Eating Lions TodayChapter 3 Killing Behavior and Man Eating HabitsChapter 4 Why Do Lions Kills PeopleChapter 5 Lion Biology: Evolution and Geographic DistributionChapter 6 Hunting and Social BehaviorChapter 7 The Lion's Mane: Geographic and Individual VariationChapter 8 Why the Lions of Tsavo are ManelessChapter 9 Conservation and Tsavo National ParksIt takes a subject that has been imbued with a sense of mystery and horror and lays it out in very scientific terms.  However, it tends to read like a collection of academic papers.  If you are looking for a nice read, I'd recommend you choose another book.  However, if you truly want to learn about the lions of Tsavo, this book is invaluable.
The flaw that prevents this review from earning five stars is repetition:  The author brings up Wexford's retirement so often that one might wonder if Rendell has forgotten that her faithful readers need no such reminders and a new fan can manage with one.
I truly enjoy Jan Karon's Mitford Series.  I cannot read this series without laughing out loud.  Mitford is a town we would all love to belong to.  I enjoy the way each character is developed and how they grow in each book.  This is a series you will read again and again.  I find I love each book more than the last.  After I have finished each one I always say that was the best book and my husband just looks at me and says "thats what you said about the last one."  If you need a place to relax and find joy you can find it here.
Great book with some flaws but buy it and study it well.Flaw on 'short term memory' - in fact it IS like a shoe size. That was a totally distorted portion of the book. The fact that people can remember 80 digits or more still boiled down to the 80digits being chunked in groups (of 7 or so).Flaw on Carol Dweik's experiment: indeed she trains one group with study skills and fluid mindset. But this fluid mindset teaching is not exclusively about neurons, but rather it is about the concept of fluid and fixed mindset. The books implies that the key difference is one group is taught exclusively about neurons (myelination, etc.)Those were two flaws I was instantly able to detect. I don't like flaws, not since Jonah Lehrer was fired recently.But overall a 5 star book. Wish there was more practicable advice on ignition.
After finally reading An Echo in the Bone, I had to go back and re-read the entire series. Now I don't know what I will read after spending the last four months with Claire and Jamie Fraser. Nothing else will come close to the outstanding saga I just read. When, oh when, is Book 8 gonna be out????? Yes, some of the stories are outlandish, but for the most part, the entire series is so very readable, so very engaging, that you'll find yourself wanting more. You will stay up late at night reading just another page, becoming entirely lost in the rich storytelling. I am not going to mention the plots, stories or characters at all because everyone else has; suffice it to say that I may have to start over again with Outlander because I don't know how I'm going to find anything as captivating as these books!!!
My fascination with science began when I was in third or fourth grade and learned the basics of photosynthesis. Green plants take in sunlight and turn it into energy that animals can use by eating the plants. I imagined sunny grasslands in Africa with herds of zebras (my favorite zoo animals) contentedly grazing, and I was hooked. I now have a Master of Science degree in Genetics, and my favorite reading is science non-fiction and science blogs.But even I have a hard time knowing what to believe when the news presents the latest sure-fire cancer cure, or the threat of imminent environmental catastrophe due to some out-of-control science experiment. If you feel that way, too, then read Lies, Damned Lies, and Science: How to Sort Through the Noise Around Global Warming, the Latest Health Claims, and Other Scientific Controversies, by Sherry Seethaler.What we were all taught in school--the Scientific Method as an orderly sequence of steps leading to a single conclusion: cut and dried, black or white, yes or no--is "oversimplified, incomplete, and sets people up for failure when they try to make sense of science in the real world," according to Seethaler. In reality, science is much messier than that. As Seethaler points out, the "orderly" sequence is often full of starts and stops, a few side trips, and some occasional tail-chasing spirals.How to sort through the complexity is what Seethaler teaches in this book, with a set of steps to follow in analyzing any science news story and cautions about taking anything at face value. Take disputes between scientists, for example. Seethaler points out that "although scientists may agree with each other on what they are observing with a given procedure, they may not agree on what the observations mean." A headline in a magazine or newspaper may make it seem that the scientists in question can't agree on anything, even when the disagreement over the meaning of the observations is not substantial.Each chapter in the book deals with a "tool" we can use to examine scientific news stories. Two of the chapters--"Who's who?: identify those who hold stake in an issue and what their positions are" (Chapter Two); and "Society's say: discern the relationships between science and policy" (Chapter Eight)--are particularly crucial to keep in mind when news stories about the same topic differ widely. Seethaler also suggests that we follow the money. She writes: "The influence of the source of funding on how science gets done can result in industry-funded and public-funded scientists coming to different conclusions and challenging each others claims. Such differences can arise without any deliberate falsification of data, especially when the effects being observed are relatively subtle."Another important point: "It is rarely the case that one camp's science is completely distorted, while the other camp's science is beyond reproach." What is often the case when the results of two studies on the same topic are at opposite ends of a range of values is that most of the data points cluster somewhere in the middle.Throughout the book, Seethaler highlights science myths in separate text boxes, where she states a myth and why it's not true (or not always true) and follows with "Implications for making sense of scientific issues." For instance, "Myth #2: Scientific models are visual representations of reality." And her response: "Not usually." She goes on to point out that models are still useful tools, but that they keep needing to be refined based on how well they are able to predict the actions of things in the real world.It's difficult to take in all the different ways of looking at all the different kinds of science articles, but Seethaler has made a couple of checklists that summarize the information. One is her table of contents. The other is the last chapter, wich contains six case studies with explanations of how to seek out the facts in each instance. Then Seethaler takes the chapter headings and follows each one with a short bullet list of ways to think critically about that particular issue. One of the best pieces of advice I found in the book was the suggestion to examine what's going on in my own head. "Familiarity with the weaknesses in your own reasoning processes makes you more resistant to efforts to manipulate you."I've read a great many books about science, many of which mention the complexity of the process, but Seethaler's is the only book I've read that explains how to break down and understand the process and the results. If you're not used to reading about science, reading this book may make analyzing a science story look overwhelming, but Seethaler's guidelines will help you find your way out from under the whelm.by Judy Kingfor Story Circle Book Reviewsreviewing books by, for, and about women
I watched the excellent Peter Weir movie based on this novel 25 years ago.  At that time my impression was that it was about a UFO incident that occurred in 1900 and was therefore not recognized as such by the participants.  The book, of course, provides a fuller, and very different perspective.  As strange as UFO incidents can be, the occurrence described in this book is much stranger and more fundamental.  Lindsay's tale seems to have more to do with the basis of the legend of the Other -the non-human, other beings, other worlds that intersect with ours at special times and places.One can also interpret this novel from a gnostic point of view.  The Hanging Rock is a peculiar eructation of earthly essence -a uniquely suitable place for a numinous occurrence.  The four women who disappeared were different from the others involved in that they were more refined, more evolved, more not-of-this-world.  Miranda especially seemed to be seeing vistas that others could not even dream of.  She was almost too good for this world -someone who brightened and improved everything and everyone around her.  Miranda even hinted to one of the other characters that she didn't expect to be around for long, as if she were privy to her own future.  It is implied that the missing girls and teacher have walked into a better place.  Mrs. Appleyard, on the other hand, was a mini demiurge, stalking about her own creation (Appleyard College) tormenting its trapped inmates.  She reacts to the disappearances as if personally affronted that some of her inmates would dare to escape.  Beware her retribution.  And yet the intervention of the truly numinous is bound to destroy her sham creation.  Yes, this book is interesting from a gnostic perspective.In addition, there are lots of quirky, interesting characters.  It's all very mysterious and well done.
... Faulks came closer than I expected anyone to be able to do. Though it has been several years since I last read a book featuring Jeeves (the perfect manservant) and Bertie (the perfect goofball), it seemed as if a new "original" story had been found in Wodehouse's papers.As in the past, things go amiss for a friend of Bertie. He and Jeeves must, of course, try to make things right. And, as usual for them, things must get worse before they get better. With a cast of characters that would fit in exactly nowhere in most people's lives and in a setting never to be seen in person by those same people, the story races through the stately home and grounds toward what the veteran Jeeves reader hopes will be an ending in true Wodehouse style.Those who were expecting this to be that long lost "Wodehouse" and were disappointed, were hoping for something that is highly unlikely to happen. And, this was not touted to be such. Since there will be no more from the master, this brought about that old "feeling" sufficiently well for me to hope there will be more such by Faulks.
Great writing. Characters, wonderful characters. Heart-rending story with interesting twists and turns. Laugh a little and cry a lot. Good book
In some horrific failing of the American public school system, I managed to escape the assigned reading of J.D. Salinger's quintessential classic The Catcher in the Rye. And not just me but, for all I know, every single student graduating (or not graduating) out of my little podunk hometown in Eastern Oregon, missed out on this reigning member of literary canon. I ought to write a letter to President Obama: Mr. President, just how is my generation going to change the future of America for the better if our high school English curriculum doesn't even include The Catcher in the Rye on its collective syllabus?  Well, we can't. We're all just a bunch of goddamn phonies. I really mean it. This copy was even owned by some high school freshman named Cheryl. Even 14-year-old Cheryl isn't as phony as me. (Good thing, too, she went and used a blue highlighter on every single name in the goddamn book, other wise I'd never have made it through to the multiple choice exam at the end.)Read the rest of this goddamn review here:[...]
Spencer Johnson has a talent for writing metaphors that reach the masses i.e. the Precious Present, also a major success.  &quot;WMMC&quot;, &quot;the One Minute Manager&quot; and &quot;...Present&quot; all enjoy a brevity and focus, which go a long way toward getting the message through to the reader.  This book is about dealing with change and as such makes me remember what Darwin said: that longevity of a genealogical line is not a function of strength or intelligence as much as it is the ability of an organism to adapt to change.  The author's condensed message echo's this truism.Using a metaphorical world inhabited by four little creatures in a maze (life) with a focal point/goal  (cheese), the author sets up an unthreatening mirror within which the reader can superimpose himself.  The schism that develops, between how the reader assimilates the story or doesn't, is a function of the readers ability to deal with a change is his/her worldview.  Our worldview includes the way we see ourselves, which is where the rub occurs.  Neither intelligence nor strength seems to count as much as our ability to see ourselves differently without becoming unraveled.  Seeing oneself differently is difficult at best and ego shattering at worst.  This part of human nature is unchanged over thousands of years and it's focus, in this book, is what makes this a valuable work.  A good job again, Spencer.
OK I'll be honest and say I didnt read the entire book cover to cover. Some of the questions didn't interest me to be frank.  But what I love about the book is that you can skip right over what doesn't interest you and get to the ones that do.  The book is categorized and easy to navigate.I think this would be a great book to take when you don't have time to be drawn completely into a novel. (Bathroom book for many I suppose) but it would also be good to read on a plane, waiting room or maybe someone who is home sick or having a hard time sleeping (and I dont mean that as an insult to the author. I think it's a good book to clear your head).  While sometimes very technical the author still manages to explain the answers in a way that is easy to understand.There's bound to be something that interests everyone in this book.  Are all of the questions things I have wondered myself? Absolutely not.  Some things I have wondered about. Some things I didn't care to know the answer. But enough of the questions were interesting enough that I'm glad I took the time to go through it and I'm sure I'll keep it around for others to look through.
What would you do if you unexpectedly inherited a massive amount of money?  That's what happens to Andy Larkham, a struggling publisher in a dead-end job, laden with debts and a fianc&eacute;e who's ready to move on.After toying with - and dismissing - the idea of donating it to charity, Andy spends up large.  He buys a wonderful apartment and an expensive car, splurges on his (somewhat resentful) family and friends, travels the world, finds a new girlfriend.  But gradually he realizes that he's inherited more than just money.  He's inherited the responsibility to understand the man who left him the inheritance, to "understand why it's [him] and not anyone else who's ended up with his money".  Consequently a large part of the book is a story within the story, although the two connect in a very satisfying way.Nicholas Shakespeare has a precise, almost pedantic writing style.  Initially it's somewhat irritating to read, but then you get used to it.  The story moves from 1950s Turkey though 1960s Australia to modern day London.  It's a highly absorbing read with terrific characters.
Seems like a very thorough coverage of Thermodynamics principles annd concepts.  Not too technical and not too difficult to understand. If a person needs to learn thermodynamics this book should be a big help.
By Jeffrey W. Bennett, ISP, author ofISP Certification-The Industrial Security Professional Exam ManualandUnder the Lontar PalmGreat book and fast reading thriller.  This story could have been stolen from the news.  I actually wanted to get into Quality Control with an air line manufacturers after reading about it.  The Heroine was very realistic.  Great work.
"46% of the people hired will fail in the first 18 months on the job - 89% of the time, it's because of attitude"I was first attracted to the "Hiring for Attitude" since my experience is people with good attitude seem way more engaged and are also more fun to work with. I often see the role of leadership as managing attitude. I always figure "People are going to have an attitude - may as well help it be a good one".What I was worried about in a book on hiring for attitude was missing the skill, background or talent. Good attitude is great but it is clearly only one part of the puzzle.The book has a number of interview questions suggested to figure out who has good attitude (I also learned that some of my favorite questions were bad ones like "what is the last book you read" and "what are your strengths and weaknesses" - Murphy believes these are asked too often so everyone has a rehearsed answer. Good questions are those that separate the good attitude from the bad attitude). It also explains how to build good interview questions.Murphy is a big believer in textual analysis. Analyzing words to figure out if someone is telling the truth and to figure out their attitude. EG - high performers use past tense verbs when explaining a past situation because they are recalling a real situation. EG - People with nothing to say often hide behind fluffy adverbs.Good attitude usually comes down to taking responsibility. I know in life, people tend to be more successful if they accept responsibility and it is not "the world did it to me".Good book for anyone who is involved in hiring.
I FELT AS IF I WAS TRANSPORTED BACK TO &quot;HUNDRED YEARS WAR&quot;. THE TWENTIETH CENTURY TEAM THAT IS SENT BACK IS OVERWHELMED RIGHT FROM THE OUTSET AND THEN THE GOING REALLY GETS TOUGH. I FINISHED THIS BOOK IN ONE  SITTING AND I'M NOT A BIG CRIGHTON FAN. ONE CANNOT HELP BUT WONDER &quot;IF  THE TECHNOLOGY EXISTS WILL WE MORAALY OR ETHICALLY BE ABLE TO USE IT  STRICTLY FOR EDUCATION?&quot; BEING A HISTORIAN MY ANSWER IS A RESOUNDING  &quot;NO WAY&quot;.
A classic and wonderful novel for young readers. This adventure featuring a mouse named Stuart Little still captures the imagination after all these years. Great read for all ages.
The author's have done a nice job of intoducing JSF.The examples are easy to follow.
Tall, blonde, Scandinavian Harry. Complex and damaged but nevertheless a brilliant detective. A man after my own heart. Yes, I like damaged men, even fictional ones. It's my cross to bear. Anyway, back to the point...A good mystery with solid characters The Bat is a first rate mystery/thriller that will keep you on the edge of your seat. Most of the time. It meandered in places, but for the most part the book kept my attention and left me guessing on who the killer was. Like The Leopard, I think the author could have cut a few pages and it still would have been a good read.* I received an arc from the publisher via netgalley in exchange for an honest review.
I teach college-level Communication Studies. All of my courses have a cultural underpinning to them, which is somewhat traditional in the definition of "culture." I have enjoyed bringing the concepts behind Uprising into my classroom because a) students are familiar with many of the companies targeted in the book; b) students need to learn how real companies leverage social good (while marketing); and c) the book expands discussion of "culture," which is critically important in a learning environment.An aside: As the wife of a soon-to-be entrepreneur, my husband is looking to use his new retail establishment to also create social good in our community. I can't wait to re-read Uprising with this new vantage point and introduce the concepts to him. Thank you, Scott Goodson, for providing information that is incredibly readable and doable in many contexts.
Love in the Time of Chloera is a completely unforced book. The surprises in the narrative (and there are many) fall naturally into the thread of the story, smooth and uncontrived, even when sudden. It reads like an old river, curving and meandering, but at the same time flowing in a single direction, in this case the flow being toward Fermina Daza, the romantic center of the book.It's unforced in its descriptions of old age, of love, of sex, and of anger; the characters are attractive, but they are not glossy or perfumed. Even the most passionate moments are full of earthy smells and sounds and complications. It's a romantic book, but it's as much about misgivings and rejection as it is about fulfillment, and no characters are without deep, ugly flaws.It's also unforced in the interconnections of its episodes, meandering between characters, stories, and times. Several stories seem like they're going to be central to the book, but instead fade away as Marquez turns his attention elsewhere.This is a gorgeous book, but Marquez's indifference to narrative or romantic convention can get a little frustrating. There are points so lush and completely envisioned that they seem solid and touchable, almost sculptural. But there are also points, told with no less care and patience, where nothing happens, and many, many points where what happens is waiting for things to happen.It's a love story about many, many loves of all different shapes and sizes. It is languid and lush, full of anticipation and frustration. In the end, to me, it lacked the cohesion of 100 Years of Solitude, but was never the less profoundly elouent and a pleasure to read.
I'm happy with the way the content in this book is organized.  It's definitely a great resource to have on your shelf if you only want one book on PTSD.
Hollister here presents one of the best introductions to medieval history.  I have read this book several times, and each time, I learn something new or gain a new insight.  As other reviewers have said, the book is well organized, coherent, and comprehensive.  It is replete with relevant maps, charts, timelines, and photographs, but without degenerating into childishness.  Its multiple bibliographies suggest where to find useful sources, both primary and modern.The best thing about the writing style of the book is the way it presents history in the form of ongoing dynamic tension: east v. west, church v. state, aristocracy v. peasants, invaders v. defenders, one nation v. another, reformers v. establishment, monarch v. nobility, etc.  The tides of history are moved by such forces.Bear in mind that this book is only a survey of medieval Europe, so everyone can say it doesn't cover some topic or another in enough detail. However, its lasting effect is that it introduces topics in such a way that it makes you want to move on to other sources to study some of them in more detail. As a first course, it does its job in whetting your appetite.p.s. I'm not sure what's with the kooky price here.  Find it used or in a library.  Earlier editions are quite good.p.p.s. My review applies only to the Hollister editions, not the work of Bennett.
So, after reading many reviews, and after reading the book itself, I have come to a few conclusions.This is one of those magical books that, despite an unsavory main character, still warrants 5 stars here on amazon and a nobel prize for the author.Marquez is a phenomenal writer. The way he describes people and places is so lush, so real, that you are transported to another place and time that you regret having to leave. At one point, he describes the wake of a boats motor as "boiled cauliflower.Yes, many parts of the books are unbelievable, but if you do NOT like magical realism,  you will not like this book. A commonly accepted definition of magical realism is "what happens when a highly detailed, realistic setting is invaded by something 'too strange to believe" (Matthew Stretcher). I feel as though most people who gave the book one star have no understanding of this type of literary tradition, and therefore are put off by so many of the fantastic things that occur in the story. Furthermore,it seems that most people who have given the book a one star review have had their brains so deadened by authors like Danielle Steele that they are incapable of recognizing actual literature.This book is, above all, about love. Not necessarily the type of love people want it to be about. It's at times brutal, gross, even horrifying in it's depiction of "love". It covers all types of love, obsessive, illicit, forced and as some have mentioned, a love that borders on pedophilia. This fact is what makes it about love, not some hollywood version of what most people consider a love story. Do not enter into this 350 page voyage of a story expecting a meg ryan movie on paper. You will be sorely disappointed, and most likely will have irreparably taxed your minuscule intellect and offended your provincial moral values.The main character, Florentino Ariza, is a pathetic man at best. He wastes away his life screwing everything that moves while he waits for Fermina Daza's husband to die so he can be with her. What sends him into this arguably insane spiral is the memory of their brief love affair that happened between them when they were around 20. This love affair borders on ludicrous, since they had barely spent any time together, and didn't truly know eachother at all. Many people find this troubling, but it's just one aspect of the book that makes it magical realism. Yes, he is a borderline stalker. Yes he could be a sex addict in modern terms. Yes he seduces a 14 year old girl, who truly loves him. He pathetic beyond all hope, and one just wants to pummel him until he comes to his senses. He never does, and at times the entire ordeal that is his life is infuriating. Marquez at no point condones this behavior, it is just who Florentino is.Fermina Daza rejects Florentino when she is 20, and goes on to marry a rich, distinguished doctor. Their relationship is perhaps one of the best studies in conventional marriage that I have ever encountered. Fermina is far from being the hopeless romantic that Florentino is, and Marquez makes it obvious what he thinks of Florentino's hopeless romanticism through the views of Fermina. She does not regret having married a good man who she was not wildly in love with instead of Florentino. Regret about her choice comes and goes in fleeting thoughts about Florentino, but for most of her life, she is happy and content. It is obvious that she would have done the same thing all over again if given the chance. This fact also conflicts of what many would want to see in a traditional love story, and it's what makes the book worth thinking about. You are forced to consider all aspects of love and devotion, even the unpleasant ones. I have found that the simpler and less advanced the person, the less they want to be confronted by uncomfortable truths, since it may force them to think. This explains the majority of the poor reviews.The writing is simply phenomenal, Marquez is a veritable master of language. The translation to English was done beautifully by Edith Grossman, but I regret that I don't know Spanish in order to read it in it's original form. I don't want to go into it much more than that, because you should read the book for yourself.Many people have complained that nothing really "happens" in this book.What "happens" is 50 years of a crazy, possibly disturbed man waiting for a woman who outwardly rejected him. That is not what makes it a great book. It's 50 years of love, loss, regret, the unreliability of memory and hope beautifully rendered by a genius with words Sure, there is no "climax" in the traditional form, but Marquez is such a master that the journey of these people's lives is what makes it a 5 star. book.Bottomline. If you are a fan of magical realism, or you have the ability to realize what that entails in a story, and you appreciate wonderful writing, you will love this book.
Midnight's Children is the epic story of post-colonial India. All of India, across all of India's children and also across time. Our fateful narrator is Saleem Sinai, a boy who was born on the stroke of midnight on August 15, 1947, the exact time that India gained its independence from Britain. He is destined to always be exactly the same age as his homeland. In some sense, he represents the whole country.Who is Saleem Sinai? Well in his own words from the novel,"Who what am I? My answer: I am the sum total of everything that went before me, of all I have been seen done, of everything done-to-me. I am everyone everything whose being-in-the-world affected was affected by mine. I am anything that happens after I've gone which would not have happened if I had not come. Nor am I particularly exceptional in this matter; each "I", everyone of the now-six-hundred-million-plus of us, contains a similar multitude. I repeat for the last time: to understand me, you'll have to swallow a world."And from that, you get a sense of the grandiosity of the novel. No doubt, Midnight's Children is a challenge to read. No doubt, the narrative style is disorienting at first. No doubt, you will get bored when Rushdie waxes on for pages about a nose. But for some readers, like myself, it will have been a magnificently worthwhile read, a difficult uphill climb with the most astonishing views. The passages are beyond beautiful. The symbols are everywhere. The metaphors are endless. And the emotional impact is overwhelming.I absolutely loved this novel and am very grateful to have read it. I know it's not for everyone, but for me, it was intensely powerful. It showed me a new height of what can be achieved with literature as an art form.
but well worth the effort. Found this to be a very clear exposition of our 'physical reality'. Robert Butts, not surprisingly, drones on.
ISBN 1585675865, ISBN 0582426995, ISBN 0099413124, ISBN 0760706387, ISBN 0590405713, ASIN B000NPWQG8, ASIN B000L2NWZM, ASIN B000SICR8C, ASIN B000T7OFWS, ISBN 058244831X, ASIN B000IR1M7A, ASIN B001CHOGC8, ASIN B0007FDV3G, ASIN B0014CAK26, ISBN 0582541530, ISBN 0140301267, ASIN B000S5NIE2, ASIN B000HHXHVK, ASIN B000S9KNUA, ASIN B000J5NVD4, ASIN B001B3U6Y0, ASIN B0000CKAE8, ASIN B001N22EG2, ASIN B000KHU4VS, ISBN 0590334344, ISBN 1856931455, ASIN B000GOI3NQ, ASIN B0016P9694, ASIN B0000CP6D9, ASIN B000KKAMGM, ISBN 0174432208, ISBN 071351941X, ASIN B000H0PKNK, ASIN B001J5XI5O, ISBN 0573050082, ASIN B000KRZ2ME, ASIN B000NPLTT8, ASIN B001GUZUBC, ASIN B000J16W52, ISBN 0590405713 (as you can see, Amazon's got a bit of house-cleaning to do with merging the duplicate listings)- Emil is going on the train to visit relatives in Berlin. His mother puts an envelope of money in his care, to deliver along with some flowers when he arrives. Things go wrong when he dozes off, only to awaken and discover that his car-mate and his money are gone. Determined to get his money back, Emil stumbles upon a group of boys in Berlin who quickly organize to capture the thief.Hardly dated at all, this is a light, fun story. The author had some fun with naming characters, which are listed in the beginning of the book. Kids will enjoy Emil's and the detectives' triumph over the thief. A great read for boys, in particular, if only because there aren't enough books out there for boys! The edition I've read for this review is translated by May Massee.- AnnaLovesBooks
This is a very unique Carle book. Your child can learn more about shapes and how to follow clues to lead to the next step. My daughter enjoyed reading the story and following the "clues" to the next shape to find the present at the end - a puppy.If you take the story literally as an adult, you will agree with one of the reviewers that was upset a puppy was being stored in a cave/basement. But it's not meant to be taken literally. It's a fantastical journey for children. To this day, my daughter enjoys following the trail to the present waiting for her at the end.
If you are a JAVA beginner you MUST have this book. It's an excellent reference book and even today (after so many years in the Java industry I still consult with this book)I have read numerable books in the area and this one really rocks (again, beginners only).It takes the reader step by step (and with gloves made of silk) and explains the concept of OOP with great and useful examples.I liked the chapter on the multithreading since it was illustrated with excellent examples.--dgzJHexagon
Leading and managing a team responsible for innovation come with special challenges and require special skills.  This primer will give you guidance on what the special challenges and required skills are, what to know about them, how to assess your and your team's readiness to take on such challenges, how to identify and remediate capability gaps, how to generate ideas then prioritize them for implementation, how to monitor your and your team's performance, and how to pass on lessons learned to others in the company who could benefit from such acquired knowledge.The authors define innovation as "the commercialization of creative ideas."  So right off the bat, they're telling us that innovation is not just the generation of creative ideas.  A company must learn how to evaluate and select ideas to commercialize.  If the commercialization attempt is successful, a company will be able to differentiate itself from its competitors.  But even if an initial attempt is not successful, a company that can recover quickly from such a failure -- and learn from its mistakes --  will be in a better shape than one that fails to act.The guidance given in this book is sound, for the most part.  Some of the advice given, however,  struck me as a little bit "out there."  For example, on page 151, the authors recommend that "As soon as you have successfully completed your first ten weeks you should start to think about who will be your natural replacement.  You may want to identify two or three alternatives per role, and remember that it may take at least two years to develop their skills and experience."  There are just so many things in that advice that don't jibe with my real world experiences -- e.g., 10 weeks is usually not long enough to know whether a project will ultimately succeed or not (so why be presumptuous?);  most projects aren't lucky enough to be well-staffed that two or three people can readily fill a role, etc.Most of the chapters in the book include a case story and an "expert voice" article contributed by an academic.  Each case story consists of one paragraph each for the following discussion sections: Narrator (information about the Innovation Team Lead / Manager), Context (information about the company), Issue, Solution, and Learning.  Examples of "EXPERT VOICE" articles include: "Capturing return on innovation -- the learning bit" by Professor George Tovstiga, and "Innovation in Services" by Professor David Birchall.  I thought the case stories lacked detail to be really good learning vehicles, and only a few of the "expert voice" articles were interesting to me.Overall, I thought this was just a good -- not great - primer on how to lead and manage a team responsible for innovation.
Had to buy it for a class.  Things are detailed and spelled out.  Excellent text book.  Lots of filler to go through, but everything you need is there.
The Beatles are their own cottage industry.  In fact, they're more than a cottage industry.  They are the most popular and influential band of all time, bar none 'whether you agree or not' and countless books have been written about them.Revolution in the Head is one of the few Beatles books that is considered essential by all.  You will learn something new everytime you read it.  I have read it a dozen times, and it never fails.  I own over 100 Beatles books and biographies and I learned more from this book than any other.  In fact, this is without question my favorite music book ever.  And for me, that is saying something.RITH examamines the career of The Beatles through the individual songs, and therefore devotes space to every single song written or performed by The Beatles.  Some songs get multiple pages, some songs hardly get a paragraph.  MacDonald's assessments are sometimes harsh in the eyes of some, but he stands by his opinions, and even if you don't agree with all of them, you will want to revisit the catalogue and you will learn something.  Even the introduction is stellar and should be required reading.This book has garnered some controversy in The Beatles community for some of its opinions and its highbrow style.  Do not let these factors deter you.  This book is controversial, but brilliant.  Read it!If you are interested in  The Beatles, music in general or even culture in general, this book is a masterpiece.
Yes, you can critique this book for many reasons. Its message isn't always as deep as it seems to think. It moves very quickly as an excuse not to look at anything too deeply. The view of society it presents is, to say the least, one-sided. But where will you find a contemporary novel that's this funny? The main character gets off some of the best one-liners I've ever encountered (&quot;It's easy to feel superior to the dead; like, if Michelangelo was so smart, why'd he die?&quot;), and even sentences which aren't explcitly funny just have a certain charm that still makes you laugh (&quot;The best place to find flowers is in the dumpster behind the mausoleum.&quot;) I also found the romance in this book to be the sweetest, most sympathetic one in any of Palahniuk's works. Don't take this book too seriously, but read it.
When I say this book is simply written, I don't mean that it is a simple book.  Bits of wisdom practically leap from every page as we are drawn into the world of an unlikely hero.  I was deeply affected by the trials and tribulations of Christopher, a fifteen-year-old austitic boy.  I will say there is a twist and from about page 100, you really start to root for him and are saddened by some of the things that happen to him--because Lord knows, he wouldn't have chosen this whole autism thing for himself.  But, you never feel sorry for him and as the reader you go along living Christopher's life with him and you hope that he can see five red cars in a row so that it can be a Super Good Day.This book is fresh and original and I hope that there are many more written by Mark Haddon.
A kind of dark "Through the Looking Glass" story of one person's experience in World War II London.  Greene excels in placing an ordinary character in dramatic, historical circumstances to play out the choices that make up his life.In this book, it's Arthur Rowe.  Rowe steps nostalgically into a church bazaar, visits a fortuneteller, follows a chance mis-identification by the fortuneteller into a winning guess at a cake's weight, and ends up a central figure in international espionage, with the right side and wrong side, guilt and innocence, and even Arthur's own identity all thrown up in the airIt's a good ride through a winding plot, with a twist I'm not used to from Greene -- an involvement of the reader in the novel as a puzzle, almost like more modern or postmodern stories such as the movie Memento.Greene calls this book one of his "entertainments".  I thought it was certainly entertaining, as well as another of his explorations of character under personal and historical stress.
Those who think that modern orgies of self-indulgence by directors such as Tarantino and Guy Ritchie are masterpieces, might think again after reading this well written and concise primer on the craft of directing.Mamet's argument is essentially that film is a visual montage of shots presented in logical order, that lead the viewer through the goal directed struggle of the protagonist. Every shot should further the immediate goal of the scene and the longer term goal of the movie. The director tells the story by juxtaposing uninflected shots one after the other.His claim is that this juxtaposition of images is all but forgotten in today's cinema (Hitchcock would certainly agree). Modern directors instead rely on &quot;making the shot interesting&quot; regardless of its merit in the larger goal of the film. Or they rely on the actors to tell the story verbally. Or they follow the protagonist with the camera and ignore the benefits of montage to film plotting.This book is a careful restatement of time-honored principles of filmmaking expounded by Eisenstein and adhered to by the greatest filmmakers, such as Lang and Hitchcock.
Such was the description of Eichmann given by his lawyer, Dr. Servatius. "Mailman" is quite apropos. What we have in Eichmann is the farthest thing from a dominant personality. He was a joiner and a conformist, but not a man who'd likely be evil outside the historical context of the Third Reich. Honestly, as Arendt's account makes clear, the fellow was a complete non-entity who only felt comfortable when speaking in his native tongue of officialese. As one of the Israeli interrogators pointed out, it is rather inconceivable that such a marginal talent could rise to the level of Lieutenant Colonel in the SS (but look at his peers).A complete psychological study of the man is what Arendt's account achieves, and this is a book to read and read again. Eichmann in Jerusalem is valuable for its journalism, as it covers his trial aptly, but also for its history. As a narrator, Arendt is erudite and clever; although, sometimes she can border on the snide. There are a few things she makes note of which are not entirely accurate as well such as assuming that the July 20th conspirators only turned on Hitler when events went badly in the war. That's not the case. They leaked information to the allies before the war even started. Also, that the Nazis would back down when presented with determined civilian resistance to their anti-Jewish measures is highly dubious. Generally, they always met force with more force, and reprisals were their rule-backing down was the exception. Of course, the information available to Arendt back in 1961 cannot be compared to the tsunami of documentation we have at our fingertips today. Overall, this is a stunning work.
Steinbeck does a great job lining up morality, ethics, and corruption.We all have choices to make about who we want to be.It's a simple story about a grocery clerk and family man who has to make discoveries about how to live his life, and it impact it has on his family.
I don't read much Crichton. With all of the corporate-greed-turns-technology-evil plots, they start to all feel the same. I picked this one up at a Library book sale for a buck. I was hoping for another 'Eaters of the dead', but it feels much more like Jurassic Park. It really is a good book, though it starts out in a slightly confusing way.In a testament to Crichton's character development skills, the first 32 pages of the books introduce us to a myriad of interesting characters that have bascically nothing to do with the actual story. They do, however, provide an intriguing mystery that makes us want to read through all the quantum theory stuff to get to the story. As such I won't tell you much about the story. The story focuses on a group of archaeologists (some graduate students) who are working on a cluster dig on the Dordogne river in France. Two castles, La Roque and Castelgard, lie on opposing sides of the river valley. In the mid-14th century these two castles were the staging ground for a pretty typical dark ages private skirmish. Caught in between the two are a mill (one of the few of its kind found) and a monastery. When the dig team discovers some disturbing contaminations to the dig, one their sponsoring companies, ITC, enters. Come on, its a Crichton, you didn't think you could escape big business, did you?The body of the story is fast-paced but it gets a little redundant with all the captures and escapes. The climax, which is a real blood pumper, is built feverishly with a mixture of plot-twisting suspense, race against time puzzles and good, old-fashioned 'I am going to die!' fear moments. The finale kills the excitement by tagging on some obligatory corporate greed thing. The epilogue, however, cleanses the palette of the bad taste with a nice sentiment.It's a good read, plus you can impress your friends with all of the quantum theory you learned. Regardless of the fact that understand absolutely none of it.
Thank God for Amazon. I discovered Richard Russo while looking at reviews of Moo by Jane Smiley. A reviewer put me onto Straight Man, and that's how I got to Nobody's Fool.I liked Straight Man very much. Then I went on to  The Risk Pool and Nobody's Fool, which I read within a few months of each  other about a year ago. Looking back it's hard to separate the two because  of their similar setting and characters.Both are wonderful. If there is  the perfect novel, both The Risk Pool and Nobody's Fool are it. One night  while I was reading Nobody's Fool in bed, I finished a paragraph and put  the book down on my chest thinking that I had actually been touched by God;  it was that unusual. I felt that I had experienced perfection. That has  only happened to me once before.Russo's chracters are  &quot;ordinary;&quot; some would call them losers. Russo clearly loves  them, and that is the wonder of these two books. When I tried to describe  Russo's writing to an author friend, she said that a good writer leads his  readers by the hand, but she said it sounded in this case as if Russo were  leading his readers by the soul. I couldn't have said it better.Please  read this book.
"All I can see is the ground three yards ahead, nothing beyond. My whole world consistes of the ground three yards ahead. No need to think beyond that....this was my tiny reason for living."Haruki Murakami, best know for his `stream of consciousness' and brutally honest writing style, goes introspective on the weird random thoughts he has when he runs. In a memoir (of sorts) he draws from his life as a hugely successful novelist, seasoned bar owner, and, on most frigid New England afternoons, long distance runner, to bring us his views of the world, writing and running.I read this book for Murakami's thoughts on writing first and foremost. I've known of his quirky writing style for some time, and thought I might get a little insight into that groovy brain of his. Little did I suspect this book would be so spiritual. As it turns out, the writing `advice' or `tips' are pretty scarce: Haruki describes it mostly as painful, grinding manual labor. In fact, for a guy that runs as much as he does, it turns out he almost never gets any new ideas for novels while running. I found this somewhat disappointing. Of all the time he spends running, and he doesn't get any inspiration at all? But then I realized, that his job is writing and selling books, why would he want to think about work, in what is meant to be an escape from the office.As boring as it sounds, Murakami seems to get all his great ideas from....pushing himself to keep writing, in much the same way he pushes himself to run. It looks glamourous and "fun" from afar, but it really is work. If you want to be good, there is no secret, you just have to work. I've heard of writers that force themselves to write in volume, either 10 pages a day, or a notepad per week, whatever-they force themselves to get it all out on the page, and then the real fun comes later: editing (sometimes tossing 80-90% of their original draft).The beauty of Murakami's writing is that he's able to revisit a past moment, and relive it so vividly, that he can recapture the stream of consciousness, the wild ramblings of his inner mind, that seems the most impossible thing to recall, the hardest thing to fake. He's either brilliant at making this up, or has an amazing memory. Either way, we get to tag along (not just in this, but his other novels as well).When it comes to running, Murakami goes the distance. Sprinting for 40 metres is wild, electric and explosive, whereas long distance running is something else entirely: it's almost pointless in its repetitiveness and slow plodding pace; it can be dull, it can be lonely, it can be brutally painful and intimidating-what can we possibly learn from running? In many ways, Murakami reflects in Spiritual, almost ascetic tones on the breakthroughs he's had while running marathons: it's only when he's been pushed to the physical breaking point, that his perceptions of pain and thirst, and ego, and struggle, truly shattered into a million pieces, like when he describes his 62-mile ultra marathon run. The last 30 minutes, he recounts, as a blissful breezy union with nature, where the plants and the birds, and all the clouds seemed to cheer him on, and he passed about 30 other runners. He seemed to break free from his own body, for just a brief period, but as they say, a mind once learned, will never see the world the same way again.And all those races, what's it all for? Ego? Fame? Publicity? Not at all. Running is one of the few sports where, you're racing against yourself, so you can't lie. You have to be brutally honest, because no one else cares. There is no publicity and the awards are few and far between. You can walk. You can quit. No one will ever push you to run (and most will even talk you out of it, because you're ultrafit lifestyle is incredibly annoying). But you don't run because it's easy, you do it, because you want to push yourself, and be as strong at 52 as you were at 25. Murakami, again, in brutal honesty, recounts with some regret that he may never be as strong as agile as he once was. It's nature. It's reality.It's not just a race, it's a struggle with mortality. Ultimately, the rewards come as glimpses of some great awakening-glimpses that we don't get if we walk the last 2 miles of the marathon. The great battle against our tired racked bodies (and what they may or may not be capable of) can only be won out there, on the lonely road, at the crack of dawn, with our bleary eyes focused on the next 3 yards, and nothing more.More Reviews like this on 21tiger
These characters are awful, the story is horrifying, and long. I&#8217;m not sure I know why I liked this book so much. I wanted to keep reading it; I just kept coming back for more. I mean, what is that? Am I describing an abusive relationship? I feel like I&#8217;m describing an abusive relationship. I think that&#8217;s exactly what my experience was with this book. It felt morally unhealthy to like it. And here I am, with a little smile on my face, thinking back to the good times we shared.I guess Tartt did her job pretty well. She managed to make a bunch of hyper-privileged, usually drunk, disgustingly wealthy, country-home-lounging, pretentious Classics majors (I mean, Classics, for Chrissakes!) not completely unlikable. That&#8217;s a tortured way of saying I liked these idiots. Against all better judgment. Just like the narrator &#8211; drawn in by the mystery and the nice clothes. Richard and I are so easy.The plot is ridiculous. Just wonderfully ridiculous. I thought Tartt&#8217;s approach to the murder was clever, right off the bat telling the who but not the why. The why is what makes it ridiculous though, a genuine &#34;Seriously?&#34; book. As in, chuckle, stop reading, look up, say &#34;Seriously?&#34;, chuckle and then start reading again.I loved Tartt&#8217;s writing style, fluid and patient, descriptive and alluring. I got comfortable with it, familiar with it. Sometimes first person narration is grating and flat, but Richard&#8217;s voice has the right amount of intimacy, and still detachment, that comes with dredging up the past &#8211;the way you can miss it, and still be glad it&#8217;s gone. Tartt captures that tone.And then there&#8217;s the fact that I just graduated college, and this sentiment rang really frikkin true:&#8220;The idea of living there [the country house], of not having to go back ever again to asphalt and shopping malls and modular furniture; of living there with Charles and Camilla and Henry and Francis and maybe even Bunny; of no one marrying or going home or getting a job in a town a thousand miles away or doing any of the traitorous things friends do after college; of everything remaining exactly as it was, that instant&#8212;the idea was so truly heavenly that I&#8217;m not sure I thought, even then, it could even really happen, but I like to believe I did.&#8221;So yes, these selfish richies are terrible people, but I slipped into their idyllic, collegiate New England world like a comfy sweater on a wintry Vermont evening, and I wished the happiness and peace could last, even if they were all undeserving of it. I don&#8217;t know how that is, but it is. Definitely 4 stars.
I've read many investing books and worked seven years in investment banking. This is a clear winner as the best investment book written - it covers the basics and gets through to the implementation of a model portfolio. It is the beginning (history/basic finance) and end (implementation) that differentiates this book from the competition. I credit William Bernstein more than anyone else for my success as an investor. Dr. Bernstein NEEDS to update this book for the new world of ETFs, but the principles of this book will remain applicable for the next 20 years.
I loved this book. It had everything - romance, science fiction, suspense, etc. Very good book and I am glad that I read, in fact I read it years ago now and would still say that it is one of my favorites! Very, very good!
The Woman in the Fifth was a surprise, and I thought his best book since A Special Relationship.  Douglas Kennedy is such a big hit in Europe, and in the USA less so  I do not understand, as his books are better than the usual crop of crime writers(except of course Daniel Silva the King of those writers)  Here you are reading this book, and getting into the character, his despair,his surroundings, then a murder.  Very interesting,BUT now we get a little of the occult added.  So imaginative, so different.This book was a great read
This is the book I have been looking for for a long time, having waded through many similarly titled books, etc.  It is clearly written, covers all the main topics and diseases, and does an excellent job throughout, particularly of the history -- it is really the successor to Microbe Hunters, which is a classic, but long out of date.  "Killer Germs" is not pretentious, not too technical, and can be read by people not that familiar with chemical or medical jargon.My only problem with it is that it needs a lot more diagrams/pictures.  Otherwise, it is the best of the lot.
I am experienced in the field and started this book with a bit of skepticism - but found myself nodding my head in agreement again and again.  Romans has nailed the essential elements of venture and angel thinking, and in the process aids entrepreneurs in tailoring their approach for maximum success.  For those of us in the industry, this book turns out to be a great read with stories of and from some of our best.  Well worth the time to read and absorb.
Wow!  The Untold History of the United States will tell you lots and lots and LOTS that you didn't hear in school.  And it all shows  that the U.S. is not a selfless, noble, exception to the rule that great powers behave badly. The book will make some readers very angry; national myths are dearly held.  And it will make some others very skeptical.  This is not an unbiased work, and there is a lot of selectivity about what facts are included (and what are not).This book, however, well worth reading, whether or not you agree with it.  Yes, it's biased,but so is most of the U.S. history we read -- only biased the other way.  Moving the point of view  helps to clarify current U.S. policy issues.  For example, do we really need to have a military establishment that is as powerful as all the rest of the military establishments in the world?The book begins around 1900, as the European powers scrambled for de jure control of Africa and anything else that wasn't nailed down.  At that point, the U.S. (perhaps more subtly) was establishing de facto control of much of Latin America and the Caribbean.  The most egregious U.S. imperialist, the authors argue, was not TR, but Woodrow Wilson.  They put this in the context of U.S. corporate interests, which they also argue played a key role in getting the U.S. into World War I.The next part of the book looks at the interwar period and at World War II.  Mssrs. Stone and Kuznick show the degree to which anti-communism blinkered U.S. policies. They also remind us of how little of World War II -- in Europe -- was fought by the U.S., and of how much was fought by the Soviet Union.The discussion of the immediate post-war period is the most interesting in the book.  The authors present what is to me a convincing case that dropping atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki was NOT necessary.  The Japanese, they argue, were desperately looking for a way to surrender, because they were terrified of a Russian invasion.  Many U.S. generals and politicos argued against the bombs.  One is left with the conclusion that the main reason for the bombs was to scare the Soviets.From there, the authors proceed to the emergence of the cold war, which they regard as largely the fault of the U.S.  They understate, I think, the "contribution" of Stalin's Soviet Union, but by encouraging the reader to look at the cold war from a Soviet point of view they provide an informative vantage point.  No real story has only one side.The part of the book which covers our more recent wars -- Vietnam, and then the Middle East -- is less startling, because U.S. miscalculation and cruelties in those wars have been more widely reported than those in earlier periods.  Also, it is in the more recent period that the book seems to me most seriously biased; per Mssrs. Stone and Kuznick, no American president since John Kennedy has done anything that was not almost unequivocally evil.There are faults in this book.  It seems to me to overstate the iniquities of the U.S., to understate the bloody-mindedness of our enemies, and to underestimate the fact that politicians have to deal with social and economic realities.  The only real heroes in the book are Henry Wallace and Mikhail Gorbachev -- FDR comes off as a sometime waffler, while JFK comes off as someone who experienced a major change in view shortly before being killed.  Also, the book does in some instances take comments out of context, and/or leave off important explanatory information.  I look forward to reading the upcoming review in The New York Review of Books, which is (internet gossip reports) most unfavorable.Despite these qualifications, I think that this is a very valuable book -- though I fear that it may not be read much outside liberal circles.
Great manual and reference guide for anyone in small business, especially self-published authors.
Few of us of us ever fully develop the potentialities that we possess at birth and I agree with Mark Walton that most (not all) human limits are self-imposed. This is what Henry Ford had in min d years ago when observing, "Whether you think you can or think you can`t, you're probably right." So, the challenge is to develop a mindset that recognizes what is possible and a faith in what can be done with possibilities.As Walton explains, "This book's pages contain the real life experiences and pragmatic wisdom of uncommon men and women - people who have led the second half of their lives in an extraordinary way." Each preferred to raise the bar rather than lower their expectations. Such people Walton "came to describe as [begin italics] reinventive [end italics], and, by extension, to label the nature of their pursuits [begin italics] reinventive work [end italics]."Some of the most valuable material in the book is provided by five extraordinarily [begin italics] reinventive [end italics] people, their comments brilliantly framed by Walton, who generously share their thoughts and feelings about the rollercoaster life each seems to have lived. Sherwin B. ("Shep") Nuland, Horace Deets, Marion Rosen, Gil Garcetti, and Rita K. Spina are kindred spirits with the seniors that Warren Bennis and Bob Thomas discuss in their book, Geeks and Geezers. "We believe that we have identified the process that allows an individual to undergo testing and to emerge, not just stronger, but better equipped with the tools he or she needs both to lead and to learn. It is a model that explains how individuals make meaning out of difficult events -- we call them crucibles [in italics] -- and how that process of 'meaning making' both galvanizes individuals and gives them their distinctive voice."Walton recommends a process by which to "transform your brain, unleash your talents, [and] reinvent your work in midlife and beyond." Make no mistake about how immensely complicated and frequently perilous this process is. That is why he provides a wealth of information, insights, and wisdom that, she fervently hopes, will help leaders and those aspiring to leaders to complete a transition from being limited by what James Collins characterizes as "the ideology of comfort and the tyranny of custom" to the fulfillment of what Walton views as "boundless potential."Here are a few of the dozens of passages that caught my eye:o  "The years of midlife and beyond are simply a new developmental period. The key word here is 'developmental.'"  Sherwin ("Shep") B. Nuland was a prominent surgeon and faculty member at Yale University Medical School and 64 when he wrote his first bestselling book, Pages 19-33 and 175-177o  "The Design of Reinvention," Figure 3-1, Page 40o  "We divide life into: you learn, you work, you do leisure. No overlap, please. Well, that's crap!" Horace Deets, Pages 66-70 and 92-94o  "Home Run in the Desert," Pages 90-92o  Marian Rosen's "Magic Touch," The Rosen Institute and the Rosen Method (pain reduction and management), Pages 97-112o  "New Powers Emerge," Pages 107-110o  "The Trilogy of Wisdom," 127-128o  "I was forced [at age 70] to reinvent myself."  Gil Garcetti, former D.A. in Los Angeles (e.g. Simpson trial) who became a world-renowned photographer, Pages 146-156o  "The Eugeria Paradigm," Pages 168-170 [Note: The word eugeria means "a normal and happy old age."]o  "For me, at any rate, I will just go on doing. Because I cannot imagine giving up on what's still in my heart and in my mind." Rita K. Spina, age 80. She earned BA, MA, and PhD degrees and retired from teaching (at age 77) to become a community activist to oppose uncontrolled growth., Pages 189-201Walton concludes his book with several specific suggestions for his reader to consider. They are provided as "Lessons" and "Discoveries," and best revealed within the narrative, in context. With regard to the title for this commentary, I selected it because it supports Thomas Edison's observation, "Vision without execution is hallucination" and, more to the point, it also supports the values that Mark Walton and his senior collaborators affirm and exemplify throughout this book.
Let me start by saying that this book is indeed great. The style of writing by Maugham is incredible. The book is basically the life of Larry as described through the eyes of the author. Larry searches for the meaning of life and supposedly finds it in an Ashram from South India.The whole discussion between Maugham and Larry towards the end of the book is fascinating. Since I am from South India I exactly understand what they were saying. The only problem I had with the book was the abrupt transformation that Larry goes through on the top of the mountain. This leaves a taste of an unfinished work and the satisfaction of an answer is never gained at the end. On the whole an excellent read.....
He has produced an easy to understand, well organized and comprehensive book that should be a model for others to follow.  The I-Mode Crash Course provides the reader with basic concepts of wireless communication technology and how to apply it with easy to follow compact CHTML code examples. The book also describes how the Java language and the hand held pocket PC operating systems fit into the overall picture, and identifies the differences between the I-Mode service and the Wireless Application Protocol (WAP).  Mr. Vacca provides a clear vision of the future of hand held devices and stresses the rapid acceptance of the cryptic I-Mode service in Japan.  Surely there is a lesson to be learned about communication simplicity and its success over the internet.
I wanted to read this before watching the movie, as often times the actors will transpose themselves onto the pages. This book takes an extraordinary thing (a man who can time travel) and puts it into a completely ordinary context. It was gritty, much more so than I was expecting. It was also wonderful, rough edges and all. A romance that wasn't a romance and was real, for all its being contrived. I got so attached to the characters that there was a great sense of loss when the book was over, and I even cried at the end, which takes a lot.Having later watched the film I am very happy I read the story first. While the film was well done, it left out some of the pieces I thought we most important, but which would not have been missed had I not known they were excluded. A wonderful read.
You want to learn how to trade and you are willing to take classes, learn for many thousand hours, look at yourself, test your personal trading scheme, do position sizing and think in terms of expectancy, than you are a prime candidate for "Trade your Way".  This book is solid and valuable and just the start of a lot of work. If you actually do not like trading and only want to manage your retirement money with a minimal amount of time, you do still get some hints, but most of the contents are just too much to fit your needs.Van Tharp has a strong psychological and coaching background. He is in a lot of respects quite an unusual person. Also he asks you to really look at yourself and your objectives in order to develop a trading system that fits your needs. Here you might expect to get some strong feelings positive or negative but most likely both.People who consider themselves as investors might frown on trading as speculation. Also the strong believe of Van Tharp is: cut your losses short and let your profits run. This might also not fit your mindset.Within the above limitations Van Tharp is extremely tolerant in values, methods and schemes with endless advice. The book is an easy read with lots of examples. His most important points get ample repetition. The mathematics is just plus, minus, multiply and divide. The glossary also has a square root. His references are extensive and do contain a lot of my favorites.If you want to get an idea of  Van Tharp's thinking, he has an excellent free newsletter. Anyhow reading the book you will learn a lot even if you do trading/investing only as a hobby.
It's very interesting to view life through the eyes of someone who's now dead; his idea of what was really important and what'snot is a good lesson to one still living about how to reprioritize our own values.His description of what we can expect to experience after we die based on his own experience of death is also very educational.
How much can a man love his country? How much can he love his son? His God? Can justice prevail when man cannot? What is forgiveness? Redemption? Grace? To consider all these elements in one novel is not possible. Or is it?"Cry, the Beloved Country" is all these things and more. It is forgiveness writ large. It is agape love in the doing. It is the story of two fathers, each with a son. One son is the victim of apartheid and is lost. The other is also a victim of apartheid but of the other side. He seeks to find a way to make things better, to make things right. The lost one kills the seeking one. One is African, the other is Afrikaaner, and therein lies the difference and the ultimate. This difference, this ultimate, this absolute are what drove Alan Paton in the writing of South Africa's most famous, most searing novel of the separation of races in all ways.Absalom Kumalo's life is limited in all ways because he is black South African. Arthur Jarvis is an engineer and has all the privileges of white South Africa, yet he is keen on social justice and works to bring it to pass. What irony then that the one without kills the one seeking to bring justice. However, it is this very irony that brings their fathers to friendship, to a bonding of black man and white man.Umfundisi is the black priest (not Catholic) of a simple, poor church in a village located near the home of the rich landowner and farmer, James Jarvis, who really does not know his son until he is dead. It is the getting to know his son that he connects with the African, and the father becomes the son in the ways of love and forgiveness. The umfundisi is one of my favorite characters in all literature I have read because of his humility and reverence.This novel, published in 1948, remains as one, even today, apropos to race relations, to their very real potentials and actualities. Mutual respect, sincerity, forgiveness, and grace all come to the fore in this most magnificent, lyrical novel.It would be on my Top 10 list of books I would take if marooned on the proverbial deserted island.
My copy of the New Penguin Russian Course is rather battered after 18 months of near constant use. It's been to Russia with me where it sat by my side in Russian classes. I still use it for reference purposes. The reason for this is that Nicholas J. Brown explains Russian grammar better than any other author I have come across.The course is designed for the complete beginner. It starts with the Russian alphabet and covers all the major points of grammar. Quickly I realised that learning the alphabet is one of the easier tasks, certainly compared with learning the cases and the verbs. Brown leads the reader gradually through the complexities and provides lots of exercises with answers. Doing these exercises is the key to progress. With reasonably hard work it took me about three months to finish the book. At which point I could, with some difficulty, read a short story by Chekhov.It's important to realise what this book does not do. It does not teach you to speak or listen. Although Brown tries to give the reader an idea of how Russian sounds, there is no substitute for actually hearing these sounds and trying to reproduce them. To gain any sort of fluency it is necessary to practice speaking and listening. Fortunately, although it can at times be quite difficult to pronounce Russian, the pronunciation, unlike English, is fairly regular and predictable. What Brown's book does really well is to provide the learner with a solid foundation, for without a good grasp of Russian grammar you will not be able to hold even a simple conversation no matter how good your pronunciation. I really enjoyed working through this course. Brown's book makes learning difficult points of grammar interesting and satisfying. It made me want to continue my studies rather than give up baffled. I still have a long way to go before I can claim to speak Russian well, but I will always be grateful to this book for providing me with such a good start.
The philosophy of this book adjusts itself to mine in many ways, and I am sure of many other people, especially those who had a religious upbringing, without saying it bends toward the religious.  The  view that one has to  face the pain in life is indeed a road less traveled in this world that  sometimes overemphasizes the easy way out.  I think his definition of love  attempts to grasp the concept of it, but I am happier with the definition  given by Jesus.  Trust HIM on that rather.  It made me remember my old  lessons in catechism (the love part).  The book in all, earns a well earned  B average.
I ordered for my nephew. I usually buy the summer bridge books for my own kids for summer but we needed something for my nephew who finished 8th grade and is going into 9th and Summer bridge doesn't offer one. This is only math but its a great find. It only has 2-3 pages per lesson and I like that it always gives you an example to refresh your memory.
The book is very easy to understand...it is simple, and clear.  A great book to follow the low G.I. diet that also answered lots questions.
Chronologically the third book in The Chronicles of Narnia, The Horse and His Boy is quite different from the first two books in the series. While the others have featured characters of this world, THAHB is purely a fantasy novel, the only intersection between our world and Narnia being the presence of the four Pevensie siblings as the kings and queens of Narnia, who play only a minor role in the story.Shasta is the son of a poor fisherman in the country of Calormen, a desert far to the south of the Narnian mountains and forests. His life is not one of great joys, in reality he is little better than a slave. One evening his father's hospitality is required of a great Tarkaan and a deal is struck between the two men to sell Shasta into slavery. With the aid of a Talking Horse from Narnia, also a slave of the Tarkann, Shasta escapes and they head north, to Narnia and freedom. The book tells the story of their grand and is quite enjoyable from start to finish.Like the first two books, this is a re-read for me, as I am reading them aloud to my son. It was not as good, in my opinion as the most well beloved book of the series, but the adventure of the book was quite fun to read, especially with a young boy who reveled in the battles and worried for our protagonist in all the right places. I particularly enjoyed the introduction of the nations and cultures surrounding Narnia. I like that Mr. Lewis continues to expand the world instead of limiting himself to the small patch of land just past the Lamppost. I look forward to continuing the series and reminding myself of exactly why I loved these books so much as a child.
This book was my very first reader in beginning to heal from codependence--way back in 1988. I was in such pain from a broken marriage when I found it. I bought it, took it home, and couldn't put it down--all day and all night. I called in sick the next day, finished it, and caught up on my sleep--feeling like I had been given the magic bullet.What felt so good back then and started my healing was that Robin showed us all these other women who were just like me! I wasn't the only one! Wow. I went on healing from there, and as a psychotherapist, began to share with others all I was learning and recommending the book. From that beginning came so very much growth--I've even written my own book--and Robin gave birth to all of it.Reading Women Who Love Too Much again recently, I remembered that one of the most profound parts for me the first time I read it was her saying that typically we come from dysfunctional homes where our emotional needs were not met. That concept was so foreign to me, I had a hard time grasping it. I felt as if she were speaking another language. I had spent my life meeting the emotional needs of others but never realized it. And I had never realized that my own emotional needs were rarely met. I found I could only feel secure when I was doing for others. Now I know that when I was giving, I believed that I was needed; that meant no one would abandon me, and maybe someone would love me for it. How sad--and how wonderful that Robin Norwood wrote this book just for me so I could grow and heal! Robin started an awakening of women across the USA, and we continue to learn more and grow and heal. Thank you, Robin. (Ariel I.)
A chatty and charming little notebook of traditional skills for working traditional 3-ply laid line. Owners of classic craft will find it useful, and those with an interested in traditional sailing skills will find it a must-have for their library. I'm already contemplating burying my gaff-rigged catboat in acres of netting, woven rugs and baggywrinkle.
GreatTo brush up on high school and college Spanish. Somehow I forgot or never learned many if these concepts despite my major in Spanish.
The Last of the Wine is arguably one of Mary Renault's best books.  Its moving tale of the collapse of Athens into Sparta and its eventual resurrection are seen through the eyes of the growing figure of Alexias.  He becomes interested in the phliosophy of Socrates and through Socrates meets various young philosophers and students of philosophy, including Xenophon, conservative but brave; Phaedo, a slave who comes to respect the people who destroyed his world; and Plato, extremely young, but also extremely wise; there is also Lysis, with whom Alexias becomes involved, at first just as friends, but later sexually.  The most amazing moment came when the news of the battle of Goat's Creek was brought to Athens.  For the time being, democracy is lost; any reader would feel the deep sadness of that moment.  Democracy is restored, but rejoicings are tempered by the fact that the people will destroy Socrates, clearly foreshadowed at the end.This book encompasses all the great features of Athens and shows their rise and fall.  It is also extremely moving.
I thoroughly enjoyed reading this novel! Gary Jennings knows how to write an engrossing and thorougly readable historical fiction novel. The adventures of Marco Polo has always captured the attention of readers the world over. Jennings practically takes you back in time to undertake the journey personally with Marco Polo. You won't be disappointed reading this novel. I bought two for me and a friend!
Duncton Wood is a novel that verges on perfection. This harrowing and beautiful work tells an epic tale of the nature of good and evil and enduring love. Duncton Wood is one of those rare books that can make you both laugh and cry. It's superbly plotted and the twists and turns of the narrative are shocking and heart rending. The descriptions of the landscape are evocative and the characters are truly memorable. Even the minor players will stay with you for years to come.So why such a fine book currently out of print? Presumably because the main characters are moles. If Horwood had only set his story in some ancient or post-apocalyptic human subterranean community, Duncton Wood would be one of the most critically acclaimed books today.But that doesn't change the brilliance of this novel. Suffice to say there can't be many out-of-print novels which have so many positive reviews as this one.Duncton Wood is much, much more than an obscure cult classic and is undoubtedly one of the best novels I've ever read.
One of those books that are written in a "true voice" that makes you feel like you are right there at the kitchen table with the characters. I do love Elizabeth Berg books and this didn't disappoint. A rich story about a woman that is going through a painful divorce, this book touches on many emotional levels. Not only are there family members to deal with, but there are plenty of quirky ones as well. The girl "Lavender Blue" that lives in the basement is such a metaphor for the lost and aimless in love. PS-- I'm glad I got the "Oprah" edition because of the interview with Berg in the back.
this is the first murakami book i read, so keep that in mind.to oversimplify my opinion of this book is done so i do not give too much away- having prefaced it like that...if you liked "the master and margerita" by bulgakov and novels by angela carter, you might just love reading this account of young kafka tamura as he runs away from home. threaded with fantastical accounts of thouroughly animated characters' interactions and peppered with emotional discoveries i loved this book and want to read it again.hope you enjoy!
All I can say is I have never been more touched by a true life journal.This book will remain in my family library for my children to read when they are older.
It's great to see someone jump out of their typical line of work and succeed in something new. Grisham moves abruptly from the courtroom and into a subject he knows equally well - life in the rural south. The story is, of course, about a boy's view of hardscrabble life in 1950's cotton farmering Arkansas. The characters are generally well crafted and Grisham paints an realistic picture of the tough life of a poor family with three generations under one roof.Many reviewers bemoan an apparent lack of action. Hmm, a boy witnesses two murders during a month-long cotton picking season. That should count for something. Non-stop action isn't what these stories are about. Speaking of these coming of age tales, it's not just the story but how it's told. Other great tales don't need lots of action, intrigue, and mystery - they just tell a simple story well (of course, see Lee's Mockingbird). Great story and telling of it. I agree that Grisham hasn't nailed down Luke's point of view that great - the kid seems more like 13 than seven. Also, some main characters, like Luke's father, could use some more detail. All in all, though, thumb's up.
Great for teaching my Class at the Post that I belong to.  It is handy for when I am talking with my sister and I can not think of the sign that I need.
This is a wonderful book.  (I listened to it on audio cassette)  The people become so real that you can picture them as you go along.  I found tears in my eyes a lot which can be dangerous if you're listening in the car.  Knowing that our society continues to consider adoptees to have fewer rights than the rest of the citizens is shocking and helps one examine one's own attitudes.  The interactions with a toddler seemed so true that I felt that the book must have been written while someone was trying to care for a two-year-old.  This book couldn't have been much better although I did feel that the ending seemed a little contrived.  Get ready for an emotional experience!
The Series of Unfortunate Events, for me, has been a series with serious ups and downs. The first book was good, but two and three seriously meandered and nothing seemed to happen. Four was a little better, and five shook up the status quo quite a bit. Six was different, but kept raising questions without answering them. With this book, book seven, we're still left with more questions than answers, but the status quo is SERIOUSLY shaken up in a way this series really needed, and I'm excited all over again.The Baudelaire orphans -- Klaus, Sunny and Violet, are shipped off again, not to a relative this time, but to to a village with all-too-familiar initials, full of people that will supposedly work together to raise the children. As is always the case in this series, the adults are all either cruel, stupid or wimps -- the children are forced into servitude while being cared for by the kindly handyman Hector, who is nice enough but who does not have the backbone to stand up for the children (much like Jerome in the previous book).Throughout the book the children are trying to solve the big mysteries of this series -- what is VFD? What happened to the Quagmire triplets? And what is the mysterious link between the author and the nefarious Count Olaf?None of these questions are answered definitively, although clues and hints are included for all three -- but what really charges this book up is the ending, which I can honestly say ends (at least in one respect) in a fashion hitherto unseen in this series and which makes you suddenly sit up and take notice. "Hostile Hospital" here I come...
There are many reviews covering the overall content of the book so I will take a different tack; this book is a great read for me as a lifelong learner and young parent. Coyle's central thesis, that there is a neurobiological source of being &#34;good&#34; (myelin) which must be cultivated by a combination of ignition and deep practice are an inspiration for me to keep working hard. As a father it is also practical guidance for how I can help my son.
This travel log, though a bit dated, is a fun read.  It makes one want to travel the United States and see the sights.  I know that you wouldn't encounter the same country that Steinbeck did but it would still be a great journey, which I hope to accomplish one day.
I love the recipes in the back of this book. Also, I lost weight quickly! Avoiding inflammation is a good idea for me. Many of my family members have auto-immune diseases.
Detailed character study blends with a richness of element in this psychological tale of friendship and murder in a dystopian setting that becomes the pompous and pretentious in an underlying condescension of the upper crust. This first novel is uniquely bold and a well written story of a murder-in-reverse. It unravels in the telling as the reader already knows the Who, What and Where of it, but relishes in the When and Why as the pages turn, almost on their own.&#8220;I suppose at one time in my life I might have had any number of stories, but now there is no other. This is the only story I will ever be able to tell.&#8221;A rare treat of a read!
I did not want this book to end.  I love the way she wrote in the book in letters to the people in her life.  Well worth reading, I am hoping she will do another one.
Part memoir, part philosophical musings, part travel writing. Chatwin gives us his impressions and interpretations of time spent along the boundary between Westen and Australian aboriginal culture. Along the way, he provides flash-backs to other travels which brought him into contact with nomadic tribes and to conversations he's had on the subject of man's nomadic nature. "The Songlines" got a lot of flak when it was first published because it was not 'accurate' (especially regarding songlines and Australian aboriginal religion/creation story/mythology/history) and reportedly not all true, either. But read this book as one man's impressions, recollections, and interpretations and you can thoroughly enjoy Chatwin's prose as he takes you along to places you may never see to meet people you may never meet. The introduction to this Folio Society edition suggest reading "The Songlines" as "a poem for those with itchy feet; not as a grand unifying theory", and this advice serves one well in reading this work.Chatwin's prose makes this an easy read. The second half of the book splits time between continuation of the lines set down in the fisrt half and an assembly of notes and quotes from his journals that he reportedly organized while holed up in a small settlement during a flood. At first, page after page of these journal notes seemed pretty self-indulgent, but it turned out for me to be a fascinating collection of thoughts and quotes loosely connected by the them of man's nomadic origins and tendancies.On the terms mentioned above, this becomes an enjoyable read, with some real gems of prose, introspection, and philosophy. Highly recommended.
This book show you how C programming can be fun as well as dangerous. Peter makes you smile and laugh with his wit and pranks. The nuggets of wisdom on C in this book is revealing.Why can't there be more books like this..? books that give u deep insight and that make you laugh the same time.. It is too good to be true. If you have been programming in C for some time take an evening out with Peter you won't regret it.
Yeah, like you I listened to people who said FA was not enough. They told me to read 15 review books including Goljans Rapid Review and all the BRS books. Now looking back at things, this book was all you needed. It has everything. It's very underrated and people want to bash it because it's so popular. They corrected most of the errors in the 2007 version and this one is nearly free of errors.Yes, FA doesn't explain the why or reasoning behind the concepts. But guess what, neither does any other book! If you think you can pick up a set of Kaplan Review Books and know it all, you will be mistaken. Most other text books are loaded with minutae and non-essential information. Some gunners think the more they read the better they will do. Yes, that works well except most of us have to deal with a little thing called TIME so reading minutae can impair your studying.The problem is most people who criticize FA don't know it cold. They think they know the book well because they read it a couple of times but to know this book well means you really have to commit to it and most don't do that because they are reading 20 other sources at the same time. If you genuinely memorize this book and do thousands of practice questions, you will do well.  You don't need to read Rapid Review by Goljan and all the BRS text books etc. It's overkill and you will waste your time.
From the first page of this book I was hooked. Mary Karr's writing style is poetic. She describes a terrible childhood of family instability with blas&eacute; Texas humor. Karr is an excellent writer making the Liar's Club both hilarious and tragic. I told this bit to anyone who would listen: For years, Mary and her sister misunderstood the saying "It ain't the heat, it's the humidity" for "It ain't the heat, it's the stupidity." She also doesn't understand what it means to be screaming "Eat me raw."
Loved the book... i think is one of the best love stories ive read since The Notebook and the Twilight Saga... i loved the whole concept.. im not to happy with the ending but i guess it makes the love story more powerful.. overall i think is a great read.. i highly recommend it if your looking for a love story.. i cried laugh all of it... one of my favorite books now
yep, this was was my second fav. I liked the Reptile Room the best but this one was very entertaining. I hope that the other ones will be just as good.
This fast-paced book touches on every level of computer organization, from the logic design level, through compilers and linkers, to memory models, parallelism, and computing in networks. It presents a broad-based survey, for the diligent early student who wants to know more about what to expect from future coursework Still, the field is huge and there's only so much you can cram into 1000 pages or so - this really does just touch on each topic rather than going into any great depth.If there's anything I might fault this for, it's the tendency to treat each topic in isolation. For example, debuggers depend on both object code formats and hardware exceptions. Processor instruction sets are influenced by compiler design, OS synchronization needs, debugger features, and lots more. Compiler implementation supports the needs of driver developers and multithreaded applications. Complex instructions (like floating point) can be implemented in hardware or in software, using traps, depending on design tradeoffs. In short, everything depends on everything - but it's almost impossible to present all those relationships in a linear text.But, that's the kind of thing that a classroom instructor can add to the curriculum. This already presents a sound foundation and framework.-- wiredweird
great Read. Carmine Gallo has a few books - this is one of my favorites. The other one is the Presentations book. Both make you realize doing your homework reaps such a better preso!
This is not a book of technical analysis and detailed explanations. But if you're looking for something you can pick up and glean a tip or two from, a few minutes at a time, it's perfect.The chapters are short (2 pages) and practical. Commute with it or keep it at your desk so you can read a chapter in your down time and improve your presentations, one bit of advice at a time.Observation: the subtitle "...lessons from the masters" doesn't mean the "masters" (Clinton, Jobs, etc) wrote these lessons, but that the author shares what he's picked up by observing them - that's not a bad thing, I just point it out so you know what you're getting. The writing style is consistent and easy to read.
It is difficult for me to imagine a passionate love affair with a historian called Frank but imagining one with a Scottish warrior- well, now that wasn't difficult at all... I thought I would be the one swooning each time the dashing James Fraser made an appearance....From the first couple of lines I was taken in by the wit and banter between Claire and Frank, despite the fact that I found it hard to imagine the passion between the two of them. Once Claire finds herself with the daydream-inducing Jamie, it was nearly impossible to put this book aside, even for sleep or work.I have fallen completely in love with this story, the characters, and most especially, the humor I found throughout. There weren't a lot of raucous, belly-laugh moments but it was a rare part in the story when I wasn't at least smiling and/or chuckling. The cast of characters Gabaldon introduces are so endearing I started to miss their presence in my day as soon as I finished the book. I listened to this one and I'm so glad I did. Admittedly, there are books that lose some of their effect when they are heard and not read; however, there are others that actually benefit from a spell woven more completely through the voice of a talented storyteller. Outlander falls into the latter category. I was thoroughly enchanted by the story but the narrator brought it to life and made it impossible for me to stop listening. For the first time in a very long time, I found myself casting about for additional household chores to attend to just so I could keep listening. It has been a good long while since I've cheerily gone to scoop dog poop... Thank you, Diana Gabaldon for the clean yard :0).I am anxiously looking forward to getting back to fiery, witty Claire and her equally clever warrior in the next book in this series, Dragonfly in Amber.
Since this is one of many previous reviews, I will be brief. This is one of the most extraordinary novels I have ever read. But not the easiest one. The first time I read it I felt overwhelmed and undereducated, until I saw a another book written as a companion to the novel. It helped a lot with the unfamiliar cultural references, of which there are many. And I felt better. I read it a second time, on a couple of flights back and forth across the Pacific (perfect place - you're captive, with few distractions). And it took a few more hours than that to finish. In the end, if you can read no other novel, or if you are going to be isolated on an island with no chance of escape, and can take a book to read, take this one. You won't regret it.
I'm reviewing this book for the Historical Novel Society Review magazine (a great place to read about historical novels!) and so cannot give a real review here before that one is published. That said, I had to weigh in - I'm picky and I loved this book! Dialog in the first few pages is too long, yes. Plow through and you'll be hooked!
This is a beautiful book. It's a war book for those who don't like war books, poetry for those who don't read poetry, an inspirational tale for those who don't read self-help. It's amazing and powerful... a must-read.
Survivor really kept my attention, starting backward and recreating the storyline through declining paragraphs to a climactic ending.  Palahniuk's commentary on society and it's twisted grip on reality  is probably less fiction than most would like to believe.The main character's personal sense of truth makes him all the more real, caught in a unbelievable situation.  The latter half of the book, the mountains of confiscated pornography,  while doesn't seem too far from the truth with our current administration, still lost me a bit.  I thought it was too ridiculous.  None the less, I found the book to be very entertaining.
Is this book about colonialism? Is it about man's nobility, or man's failings? All of the above, perhaps? Some of the sentiments explored in Lord Jim wouldn't be out of place in a Kipling story but could also be seen as precursors to J.G. Farrell's Empire Trilogy. Given the sardonic, sometimes comic tone of Farrell's work next to the serious tone here, perhaps a more apt view is that Farrell's work was partly meant to answer questions raised in Lord Jim.I remember reading Conrad's Heart of Darkness for a junior high school English class and learning about the boxed narrative as a literary technique. Apparently Conrad wrote Lord Jim immediately after writing Heart of Darkness, another book with empire as one of its subjects, and he used the same technique again. He also brought back Charles Marlow as his storyteller. Marlow's position as a British ship captain certainly makes him an agent of empire. And his assumption of an omniscient role in Jim's life certainly parallels his country's approach to its subject territories.Apart from questions of geopolitics and literary technique, this book is a psychological exploration. And the title character is not the only one under observation. The fact that Marlow allows himself to be drawn into Jim's life, and ends up sending it in a specific direction, raises questions about Marlow's motives. Marlow senses these questions as he tells Jim's story but ultimately leaves them unanswered. The implication of events in the novel, though, is that grand ideals might be quite worthy in an individual but the pursuit of them can wreak havoc on others. That concept can also be applied to nation states, especially the empire-building kind, which have been known to act with grand ideals in mind.
A text that makes it through a third edition means it is popular. This is intended for advanced undergraduate and first-year graduate level classes. Its structure is pure old-fashioned textbook. No bells, no whistles, no sidebars, no ornamentation. Necessary charts, illustrations and graphs are primitive.Fortunately, the two authors write in a reasonable clear way, pretty much free of academic phrasing.The goal is to teach the technology of turning masses of data into useful and usable information.The approach is very straight-forward and methodical. First, the authors explain what data mining is and move quickly into describing data, processing data, reducing data and, generally, organizing data for retrieval of information.There are exercises at the end of each chapter.The authors claim they wrote the book not only as a classroom text, but as "an excellent handbook" on the subject of data mining.It is that, but whether as a classroom student or on your own, you'd better have a reasonably solid understanding of statistics, match, C programming, database structure and more.In short, this is not an easy book for an easy subject.But it is a thorough, if very technical, introduction to data mining. Essentially only the serious need apply. Those who just need a general knowledge of data mining would best look elsewhere.Jerry
I am a big fan of the comic strip "For Better or Worse" and I subscribe to their monthly newsletter.  What better way to learn Spanish than to read something that you enjoy.  I'm having SO much fun with this book.  I'm actually reading it out loud!  This would be a great book for someone who knows a little Spanish...I wouldn't recommend it for a beginner.
This book offers great insight into how your brain really is in control of the rest of your body.  If your brain is sick or lacking then the rest of your body will be sick too.  I look forward to the Younger You Diet book coming out this Christmas.
Nobody knows for sure if Babe really called his shot in the third game of the 1932 World Series at Wrigley Field. That's why Stosh goes back in time to find out. There's a poor quality home movie of the event, in which it looks to me like he calls it, but then again I wasn't there. You won't know for sure by reading this book, either. But you will learn a bunch of stuff about 1932, Wrigley Field, and of course Babe Ruth. An interesting character who you probably didn't want to ride in a car with, at least not if he was driving. Another excellent story from an excellent storyteller. Buy it, you'll like it!
I have not read any books on negotiation before this so when a friend of mine recommended that I pick this book up to refine my negotiation skills, I wasted no time. First of all the writers are from a group (Harvard Negotiation Project) that deals continually with all levels of negotiation and conflict negotiation. The Harvard Negotiation Project is part of the Program on Negotiation at Harvard Law School, a consortium of scholars and projects from Harvard, MIT, Simmos, and Tufts working to improve the theory and practice of conflict resolution. If that is not credible enough, I don't know what is.If you are looking for out-of-this-world-strategies in here, I will have to burst your bubble. There won't be anything in this book which you do not already know at some level of your experience. What these guys have done is to organize common sense and common experience in a way that provides a usable framework for thinking and acting. Reading this book was half the battle, learning from doing is the other half. I can feel that I am now a little calmer and way more confident when I am negotiating so yes, it definitely helped me. The text is often deep and many paragraphs require a re-read, that's because I really wanted the material to sink in. I have decided I will re-read this book in a month or two, so this one gets 4 stars.
Good book to go along with the song Its So Good To See You.  There are opportunities for movement as well.  You can't beat Eric Carle.
This is a deep philosophical and psychological novel whose journey gets the reader to question life.  It took me a while to get into, but once I believed in the story, I simply couldn't put it down.The story is narrated by a passive youth, who has apparently lost his entire family and is unable to process his grief.  This leads to a terrible personal crisis and mental breakdown, leaving him homeless and completely vulnerable.  With the help of friends, he slowly returns to life, exploring his feelings and the many mysteries of his past.  As luck would have it, he meets a series of extraordinary people, all of who are closer to him than he could dare imagine.  He falls for a lovely woman, Kitty, whose story is like his, and works for a difficult man who also serves as a mirror for his life.  In spite of the strange coincidences, I found his journey entirely believable and psychologically real in the way that only art can accomplish.Auster's style is a wonderfully playful experiment.  The narrator often reveals what will happen, but continues on the journey as the most important part of his message.  Though nothing much seems to be happening for large stretches, the boy is looking into himself as banal outer events push him to a flawed introspection.  There are also many stories within the story, in particular the lives of the Barbers, but also Kitty's.  While extremely disparate, they share common themes that link directly to the narrator's plight.The ending is also a surprise.  I took it optimistically as a yet another rebirth, if still with his awareness of terrible pain and bad luck.Warmly recommended.  This is an unusual novel that will grow in the imagination of the careful reader.
Written in the first person from the view point of the &#34;toughest 5-year-old boy on the planet&#34; and in the narrative story form of the rest of the characters, one of whom is an elderly mentally disabled man who can talk to cats, can't read, but who is lead on a mission he doesn't understand, this is a tricky read and at the end either unsettling or empty. Yet, it is not a book that can be set down and forgotten. In fact, you may want to read it twice to filter what you are reading with what you learned from the first read.
I don't have time to expand much but I really enjoyed reading this book.Great explanations and great history of medicine.
Once again Alison Weir has produced another wonderful and exciting biography. In this book on Eleanor of Aquitaine she has told the story of this most interesting person in a manner that had me glued to the pages. I  must state that I have not previously read any books on this subject, quite  a few on Richard I but nothing on his mother. I usually enjoy military  history but this was an excellent story, well researched and well presented  with heaps of plots, fighting and treachery. The story may well be known to  quite a few people out there but to me this book offered the first timer a  grand and interesting panorama of this most interesting person during a  most interesting period. The narrative was quick and exciting, moving along  covering a vast period of time and people however I never got lost in the  story. On a number of occasions points in dispute were threshed out and a  common sense approach was adopted in trying to find the truth of the  matter. Eleanor of Aquitaine had a number of detractors throughout history  but I think the author tried to present her story in a non biased manner.  This is a good book and I think that most people will enjoy the story and  even those who know the whole story should gain something from this  account.
This book reminds me forcefully of Harry Potter, and I suspect it will appeal to the same people: although it is in some sense a sequel to Dark Lord of Derkholm (set in the same world eight years later, with some of the same characters), it is quite different in its focus on a group of students attending a wizarding school. Like Rowling, Jones shows a flair for humor (this book is laugh-out-loud funny), quirky characters and magical mishaps, and seems uncomfortable writing any sort of romance. Of course, Year of the Griffin is also much shorter most Harry Potter installments, covers less time, is set in a fantasy world, focuses on six students rather than one hero, and lacks a Voldemort-style evil. Instead, antagonists appear in the form of mindless academia (a problem for these academically-oriented teens), a few rogue griffins, and the angry parents, assassins, etc., who are bound and determined to stop nearly every one of the six friends from attending wizarding school.Year of the Griffin is a very enjoyable book, and the six first-year students--as well as several secondary characters--are quite well-developed considering the length of the book. While there are some themes younger kids might not pick up on, this is a very kid-friendly book (more so than Dark Lord), and conflicts are wrapped up in a way that may seem a little too pat for more mature readers. Still, it's good fun, and if you're like me you'll finish this one in less than a day.
When asked to review Julie of the Wolves, my son wrote:When I first started Julie of the Wolves, I had no idea what to expect. I was in for a big surprise. I've read two other books by Jean Craighead George, both quite different than this book in two ways: First, Sam (of My Side of the Mountain and its sequel, The Far Side of the Mountain) chooses to leave the modern world and live in the wilderness, whereas Julie is running away from a marriage when she gets lost in the wilderness on the way to Point Hope, where her pen-pal lives. (It was news to me that Eskimos married at thirteen. I doubt anyone would even think of marrying that early these days.) Second, the protagonist of Julie of the Wolves is a girl. (Sam, of course, is a boy, although both characters are roughly the same age.) This book is realistic. Everything Miyax/Julie does to survive seems sensible and what I would do if I got lost in the wilderness. At the bookstore, don't pass by this book. Pick it up and read the back. It should spark your interest. (For more cool reads, check out the other books I've reviewed.)
Like Faulker, R.K. Narayan creates a fictional world; Malgudi. His is humorous and evokes India before independence.This is one of his classic set of short stories creating memorable characters in a traditional India.
Hide My Eyes by Margery Allingham is a neat little psychological thriller about a serial killer in London's neighborhood of Garden Green. Allingham's usual protagonists, Albert Campion and Charlie Luke, appear sporadically throughout the plot but nonetheless, play a pivotal role at the end of the mystery.The story concerns seemingly unrelated killings. First, a bus is used to transport a body from the scene. In the bus is an old couple who appear to be asleep.  In addition, a couple who are traveling to South Africa disappear. In another incident, some jewelry from an unsolved crime turns up. Charlie Luke feels that the crimes are all connected.While Campion and Luke appear sporadically in the tale, the narration is mostly from the murderer's viewpoint and the viewpoints of young Annabelle Tassie and Richard Waterfield. Annabelle has come to London by invitation of her Aunt Polly, whom she has never met. She contacts her childhood friend, Richard who has taken a job in London, so that he can keep an eye out for her. Richard immediately falls under the spell of Annabelle who has bloomed into a breathtaking beauty.Richard and Annabel are the true main characters in this book. Richard's adventures with the murderer whom he has met at Aunt Polly's provide the main backstory in this thriller.This is a disturbing look into the mind of a sociopath who believes he has provided himself with rock solid alibis while committing mayhem."Hide My Eyes" (also published as "Tether's End") is highly recommended.
How Lance Does It showed me a side of Lance Armstrong I've never seen before - a more human and personal side. The stories of his unique and totally positive attitude in the areas of athletics, business and general interpersonal relationships make just as strong an impact as watching him beat the field up the mountains in the Tour de France. I enjoyed how each chapter about the Success Factors offered simple, practical tips at the end to help me implement Lance's secret formula into my own goals. This is great read for people who have followed Lance and anyone else who wants something different from the typically dry 'self-help' books that are out there on the market. I was an athlete for many years but lately have been sedentary. Now I'm motivated to get out there and do my best, enjoy the process and stay positive!
You don't have to spend thousands to become A+ Certified. In fact, you've just stumbled on one of certifications best kept secrets, Mike Myers &quot;A+ Certification.&quot; PC guru Mike Myers has a nack for  simplicication. He is one of the few technical writers who must have  actually taken English in school. His insight and wit makes for easy,  understandable reading without overwhelming the reader. His seasoned  writing style keeps &quot;Techno-babble&quot; to a minimum while keeping  substantive. The many pictures and photos keep the reading synchronized and  easy to follow.Most importantly, the book contains 2 CD-ROMs that give  mock A+ tests and a reference. Since this book covers both A+ tests  (Hardware/Software &amp; DOS/Windows), the reader can resource any specific  information the CD-ROMs without the book. This makes the book very  convenient!The only question Mike Myers' book leaves you with is what to  do with all the money you saved by NOT going to an expensive tech  school?I suggest buying Mike Myers A+ Certification for anyone inspired  to become A+. This book works!
In the far-flung future of the 26th century, the narrator D-503 is the builder of the rocket INTEGRAL. He lives in the regimented, totalitarian OneState, a society based on mathematics. Everything is scheduled (eating, sleeping, working, sex). When he meets the woman I-330, his world begins to fracture as suddenly he develops emotions that are unknown to him. I-330 also leads him unwittingly into acts of revolution, but the OneState's Guardians seem to be one step ahead of them at all times. There's much to ponder and extrapolate in this story, and it does seem a bit unpolished (and I don't think it's due to Clarence Brown's translation). This is definitely fascinating literature, especially since it influenced Orwell's "1984", but sometimes the story is confusing. Overall Zamyatin's "We" is a classic dystopian tale that still is pertinent to today's world.
Patterson is ALWAYS a good read.  One of my top reads when looking for a Kindle or Paperback book.  Go for it!
Pull up a chair, sit down and take notes in this virtual boardroom. With insider details gathered from decision-makers at major corporations, author Lewis P. Carbone gives you a close-up look at the business of customer satisfaction. From Howard Johnson to Starbucks, the author provides you-are-there clues about the customer marketing strategies that have fueled high-profile successes and caused major failures. Reading this book is like eavesdropping on top executives. The author enhances corporate scenarios with helpful charts and timelines that apply to all businesses, from mom-and-pop enterprises to major conglomerates. The text is occasionally repetitive, but that drives home important points. We recommend this solid marketing tool to business owners and managers.
The main word to notice in the title of "Contemporary Security Management" by John J. Fay is the word management.  This is a college type textbook for those in security management.  Please take this into consideration if you are thinking this is either a book on security, or a popular type management book.  It does not fit those categories.  Therefore, if that is what you are looking for, you will need to look elsewhere.  However, if you are studying to be employed in security management, are enrolled in a class that is using this text, or happen to want a college style textbook on the topic for self-study because you are employed in such a position, this is a very detailed and good book on the topic.Many large organizations, and now even smaller ones, have a security department.  This text teaches security professionals how to operate an efficient security department and how to collaborate smoothly with other groups inside and outside their own organization.  The book provides a comprehensive introduction to security and IT security management principles, which overlap with other management principles.  So this is a management text aimed at the Chief Security Officer or others in positions in the security industry that aim for management.Like many college textbooks, each chapter starts with a  brief section on what you will learn, and ends with review questions and references.  There are ample side bars, check lists, and graphs throughout.  The book's four hundred and fifty pages are divided into twenty-five chapters.  These include: Historical Roots, Organizing, Managing People, Leadership and Management Skills, Strategy, Budget Management, Managing Change, Making Decisions, Managing Risks, Managing Guard Operations, Managing Physical Security, Managing Access Control, Managing Investigations, Pre-Employment Screening, Emergency Management, Business Continuity, Managing Information Security, Substance Abuse, Executive Protection, Workplace Violence, Employee Awareness Program, Vulnerability Assessment, Security Program Design, Critical Infrastructures and Key Resources, and The Terrorist Threat.  The book also contains an Index at the end.If you are not a professional actively working in such a position, needing guidance, or if you are not in a class where this book is required, you may find the reading a bit tedious, like many management text books.  (I read quite a few getting my undergraduate degree in Business Administration with a management emphasis.)  And a lot of the management principles, such as hiring people and dealing with budgets are universal, not just to security management, so don't get this book thinking it is all about security.Bottom line, if you are in the security management field, or want to enter that field, this is a comprehensive textbook on the topic.  There is a lot of useful information in this single volume, and it will be very valuable for those working in such management positions.Reviewed by Alain Burrese, J.D., author of Hard-Won Wisdom From the School of Hard Knocks.
This was such a well written book.  It went through every aspect of the confusing investment game.  Wonderful foundation for anyone.  You must read it.  I absolutely felt like I knew what I was doing after reading the book and discovered what I had been doing wrong out of ignorance.  I plan on recommending this to coworkers, family and friends.  Excellent!
The first and best novel by Donna Tart. An incredible character study of students at a New England college and a brilliant and subtle study of destructive relationships and the influence a teacher can have on impressionable and entitled young people. This darkly menacing story unfolds in intricate detail, laying each character bare and hurtling towards an inevitable, tragic conclusion.
I read this book a couple of years ago and can still recall how shaken I was after only the first chapter. Yes, I was shocked, although I shouldn't have been as I am quite familiar with Chinese history and culture and have a pretty clear idea of just how insanely tulmultuous and bleak China's very recent past has been. This is a startling book, one that every Sinophile should read. Although China is often depicted as 1.3 billion customers, or the next superpower, or what have you, the fact remains that the mindet remains anchored to ancient history. You realize (or I realized) that they can build all the skyscrapers they want, but until they start treating each other (both men and women) humanely, they will never be anything but pathetic. There is no book that could adequately cover the topic of women and China, but this volume is a good starting point. I have only one reservation: the author is rather big on herself and this sometimes gets in the way of her otherwise finely written accounts. But still, she deserves a lot of credit. Read this book.Troy Parfitt, author
If you know little of the history or theology of the Orthodox Church but desire to learn more, this is a good place to start.  I suspect that many Orthodox believers will find this book of interest as  well.  The author, an Orthodox bishop, wrote this book primarily to explain the Orthodox faith to the (non-Orthodox) English speaking world.  The first half of the book summarizes the history of the Church, the second half doctrinal and theological issues.  The Orthodox tradition is much more closely linked to the cultural and national identities (e.g. Greek and Russian Orthodox) of its adherents than either the Catholic or Protestant traditions, so Church history and national history of traditionally Orthodox people are intertwined.  Bishop Ware discusses the early development of the Church, the first Ecumenical Councils, the Great Schism with the Catholic Church, and the Church under the Ottoman Empire and under the Communists.  The second part of this book is the most interesting in my opinion.  Bishop Ware presents the Orthodox view on the most important theological issues including the nature of God, God's relationship with man, and the organization and functioning of God's church on Earth.  He writes with a concise, readable prose and avoids getting side tracked on narrow points of theological or philosophical discussion that are probably not of interest to a general audience.  It is a clear, direct exposition of Orthodox faith and beliefs.  Throughout the book, theological differences with other Christian traditions are highlighted.  If you want to understand the basics of Orthodox theology, this is an excellent starting point.  This is a well-written, informative book and I highly recommend it.
THE NONESUCH by Georgette Heyer follows the style of Jane Austin in its delightful study of characters, setting and manners of the 19th century. The gushing and fireworks begin when Sir Waldo Hawridge inherits a run down estate he doesn't want. Sir Waldo is force to attend to his county property far from the drawing rooms of London.Ancilla Trent is a "superior" governess for a young charge who would make Sir Waldo a suitable wife if she wasn't spoiled and careless. Miss Trent doesn't not suspected that Sir Waldo finds her more appealing than her change.A fine Regency romance.Nash Black, author of SINS OF THE FATHERS and HAINTS.
Jane White takes on America's financial system in "America, Welcome to the Poorhouse". She has a number of good, salient points, but readers should be aware that she has a specific fix in mind and lobbies pretty heavily for her suggested reforms. White is clearly a liberal, so conservatives are likely to actively dislike her book and strategies.The good: White tackles everything from the housing situation, bank bailouts, credit card problems, student loans, Americans dismal retirement savings, and schools. While many Americans may shy away from thinking about the financial mess, this book is not written in a judgemental tone. It's easy to read, makes historical and referential points, and can help to be a roadmap out of the quagmire we've discovered. She gives a target amount to have in the bank for retirement and points out that it's a larger sum than what many of us might expect. I know I learned a *lot*, from this book, especially about Sally Mae (student loan company). The book also encourages civic engagement and interaction with our elected leaders and provides some simple steps for individuals to take to help with the problem.The bad: America is not currently in a place to enact many of these reforms. For example, in talking about the thinness of our collective 401(k)s, White advocates that instead of the fortunate few receiving an up-to-3%-employer match, that we gradually increase the required amount to be 9%, similar to Australia's system. Could companies sustain this? Many people in America believe not. However, when companies can afford to pay out multi-million-dollar bonuses each year, one could argue differently. It's an interesting situation to watch: I see the middle class tearing each other apart. Government workers are seen to have "cadillac" health plans and/or retirement, and instead of people banding together to advocate for EVERYONE to have that coverage, the overwhelming attitude seems to be "I don't have that, so neither should you." Some of the advice (make your voice heard; kick out the electeds who aren't representing you) may be difficult to enact. Money, lobbyists, and name recognition can be difficult to overcome. I'm not entirely sure I believe White's explanation of the housing market boom (decreased housing subsidies made people feel the need to buy).Overall, I think the book provides some interesting discussion points and is worth a read.
I am a firm believer that you can never have enough vegetarian cookbooks.  As an omnivore, I always feel at a loss when I try to cook meatless meals, so I look to good cookbooks for inspiration and creative alternatives to the same old things.I received this cookbook as a birthday gift and tried it out recently... the winter vegetable tart was phenomenal.  I tweaked it a little based on personal vegetable preferences and came up with even more substitutions for the next time I make it.  The ingredients are easy to find and the author even suggests alternatives for harder-to-find items.Though easy to follow and prepare, I would recommend this cookbook for people who have some previous cooking experience.  Some reviews mention that the recipes didn't turn out right when following the instructions to a T.  I get the impression that these recipes should be followed loosely and with your own interpretation. You should have the ability to decide on your own whether or not the temperature, cook time/method, or pan choice, or ingredient is appropriate for your situation.  If the recipe says to cook potatoes for 10 minutes and you find that yours are done before that, you should have the wherewithal and common sense to stop cooking the potatoes.I would definitely recommend this book to others!
As was stated by someone else, Bob Lee Swagger is a former top class sniper from the military.  One should be prepared to lots and lots of gun/rifle input for a good 100 pages before the real story begins at it's best.  Since Bob Lee and his unusual side kick Nick Memphis seemingly fumble through the story, there is an enormous cast of characters to weed out the good from the bad, thus it's a bit confusing.  However, the twist at the end is super, even though we suspect something big is coming, it's a doozie!  Thus, I'll likely continue with the series and try to follow Bob Lee and characters for a bit longer.  But if one is not a gun expert or lover, be prepared for a long beginning.
"Doing Both" is an excellent quick read that explains the details of not only Cisco's meteoric rise from startup to Dow Jones, but how they have managed to stay on top despite the drastic changes in the marketplace that have occured during its lifetime.  Building on roots from Christensen's classic book, "The Innovator's Dilemma", this book discusses how Cisco has fostered a culture of true innovation within its own walls.  Sidhu emphasizes that a company must be able to produce profit through sustaining innovation (building on what they already have) and disruptive innovation (creating new markets).  It is a well-known fact that large companies often become too big to steer, and they get pigeon-holed into doing what they do best.  There are countless stories of market leaders who have been thrown off their perches by an upstart with a new approach to a problem (disruptive innovation).Many companies attempt to have a sort of "skunk works" (Xerox PARC, Alcatel-Lucent, Google, 3M, Motorola), but these idea mills often fail to produce real products.  Not enough resources are put behind disruptive ideas, and there is little drive to upset the bureacracy outside the skunk works to have disruptive innovation.Sidhu proceeds to discuss how Cisco can both produce sustained innovation and disruptive innovation, covering their business model both through internal development and external acquisition.  Lots of real-life examples of both failed business stories and successful ones highlight this short business tome that illustrate his point.At times the book felt a little tedious, but the overall text was succinct and to the point.  I enjoyed it and picked up information I will be sure to incorporate into my day to day business knowledge.  Definitely recommended, and a good airplane read!
At first glance, one might think this book is only about the `Gold Standard' and the four principal central bankers --- Benjamin Strong (US), Montagu Norman (UK), Emile Moreau (France), and Hjalmar Schacht (Germany) --- who, following World War One, made the decisions and guided their respective nations during the period leading up the world's first "Great Depression," 1929-44.  And, if you read the book solely from that perspective, that may be true --- for YOU.  But if, in reading it, you keep today's fiscal and monetary problems firmly in mind, you'll likely discover that the book does much more than that.  After reading it, in fact, you'll have a much better understanding, not only about what happened during that turbulent time, but also about just how complex and intertwined today's monetary problems really are and, in all probability, will recognize just how little most of those talking about them and trying to solve them really understand about what they're talking about and what they're doing.  (God help us!)I've read a number of books on this subject.  Most of them attempted to explain why the Stock Market crashed in 1929 and what caused the first Great Depression: generally focusing on such things as Herbert Hoover's policies, Smoot-Hawley, tariffs & trade barriers, reckless stock market speculation, stock market "pool" operations, stocks bought on thin margin, etc.  After reading this book, however, I've concluded that all of those books were both superficial and largely short sighted, and to a large extent reflected only their author's bias and limited knowledge.  Like the proverbial blind man, most of those authors only examined one or two of the elephant's legs.This book goes far beyond that and clearly demonstrates that the depression of 1929-44 was brought on by events, decisions, and actions taken by various nations, over an extended period of time, which affected not only those nations, but all the other developed nations of that time --- most notably France, Germany, Britain, and the United States --- and generally in a negative way.  In addition, many other factors produced their own impacts.  Among them: the agreed-upon rules of the gold standard; the draconian war reparations imposed on Germany by the Treaty of Versailles; the debts owed to the United States by Britain and France at war's end; the vast stockpile of gold held by the United States at the end of the war and the imbalance in the distribution of gold throughout the developed world; Germany's unending struggles to survive and recover with virtually no gold reserves and massive debts to pay; the attempts by Britain and France to return to the gold standard on the same parity as existed before the Great War and the economic destruction resulting from those decisions; France's decision to maintain its currency below its actual value to the detriment of the other trading nations; and, finally, the decision by the United States to drastically reduce interest rates in 1928 in an attempt to help Germany's economy survive.This book tells this tale, and it tells it well, but even more important than that is the light it sheds on today's fiscal and international monetary problems.  The similarities are remarkable!  And, if, as I suggest, you read between the lines, besides learning how the various nations' determination to adhere to the gold standard led inexorably to the Great Depression, you will also begin to see the broader implications of our current economic crises and understand what the impacts of any actions taken might be.(BTW: This book would make a great companion to "When Money Dies . . ." by: Adam Fergusson)
I love these Icelandic mysteries!Erlendur (main character) is a bit depressed but that just adds to the storyThis story begins with a skeleton being discovered in Iceland's Lake Kleifarvatn - a skeleton that is weighed down with Russian Cold War spy listening device. The story takes the reader back to the time of Communist East Germany in the 1950's. I knew about that time from an American perspective but not from an Icelandic perspective. It seems that there where idealist young Icelandic socialists who were provided Soviet scholarships to the University of Leipzig in Germany. One such student finds that his belief in a socialist utopia begins to unravel when his ideals are confronted with Fascist realities. Kids - his friends - become spies for the state, turning on their friends for favors of grades and power, creating a Hell in paradise where no one can be trusted and every action is suspect.The story is told with the the remorseful tone of Scandinavian fatalism. The Draining Lake is another remarkable Indridason mystery about passions and shattered dreams, the fate of the missing and the grief of those left behind.I can't wait for the next one!(less)
The book is about buildings -- but read this as a metaphor and you'll see that he is also talking about how we change as a society.  I read this book and thought about the computer industry -- how computer systems change as the learn about users.  This is a clever book and informative.  Read it with an open mind and you may find more than what is in the pages.
Bill Clinton's "My Life" is a detailed account of the 42nd President's birth to his last days as Commander-In-Chief.  You feel like Clinton is talking to you as you read.  While reading the book you realize Clinton is not a perfect person (who is) and he knows it.  He seems to love and accept everyone; even his opponents on the right.  He never says anything bad about his enemies.  I truly believe that he wanted to improve our country, and he eventually did, despite the right wing congress who tried to filibuster everything that would help people.  Clinton feels no bitterness to anyone.  While it is an autobiography it could also serve as a history of the 1990's from the perspective of one of the decade's most charismatic figures.  All in all it's a great book and should be read by any Clinton fan or U.S. history buff.
Things Malidoma experienced as a young boy around the time of his grandfather's death and subsequent funeral make Carlos Caste&ntilde;eda's and Lynn Andrews' 'accounts' seem rather sanitized, maybe even contrived (especially evident in the case of Andrews). Plus the man is far more of a poet, a seer and a deep philosophical thinker than these others. You'll not find a better writer on matters mystical and religious probably anywhere, at least not in the 'confessional/autobiographical' literature.Then again, herein are so many quotable passages that you could meditate on to form the beginnings of a new personal philosophy, it's really quite stunning. And it all seems like it equally extends from your own body and heart. This is in contradistinction, say, to a well-written but rather dry and compartmentalized account such as J. S. Danquah's 'The Akan Doctrine of God'*, which is more meant for those who enjoy the scholarly treatise, but might never wish to imagine themselves venturing into village life.Malidoma was kidnapped by the local priest a couple of days after his father was installed as clan leader, soon after his grandfather's death. He was only 4 years old. He does not pull any punches in detailing the horrible physical and emotional abuse he suffered at the hands of these churchly personages, who made him and other young kidnapees and orphans total slaves to their colonialist/catechumenical education system. After over 16 years of this, the young man escaped and managed to walk back to his village over a hundred miles away. The remainder of the book is a very detailed and intense re-telling of selected experiences he was party to during his subsequent clan initiation. This constitutes the last 100 pages or so of the book. I can't begin to express how astonishing are the experiences, the images, emotions etc. represented on these pages.Suffice to say that the man is an absolute wizard at using the English language. Carlos Caste&ntilde;eda and especially Lynn Andrews seem like comic book literacy after you've dipped even a little bit into Malidoma.I met Mr. Som&eacute; briefly at a Sun Bear Medicine Wheel Gathering a number of years ago; his personality is every bit as engaging as is his writing. His was a kind of quiet charisma, extending from which is an amazing, almost madcap sense of humor. You feel that his energy is entirely sincere, and that there's far more there than meets the eye. You can feel it, and yes, 'almost' begin to see into it, and with it.If Nick Black Elk had written his own book rather than having his texts filtered through John C. Neidhardt, it likely would have approached the book-length intensity we find here. Then again I read 'Black Elk Speaks' over 30 years ago; Neidhardt's account might seem much greater at this point of my own life journey.* the Akan peoples, actually a different cultural group, lived a hundred or so miles southeast, in Ghana.
Pastures of Heaven and The Long Valley are a matched set in the Steinbeck library.  The two should probably be included together as a single work.  It's difficult to separate the two books because they overlap so.  With a writer of the Steinbeck sort a reader might experience difficulty declaring, "This is my favorite."  I agree completely.  However, if John Steinbeck had never written Of Mice and Men, Tortilla Flat, Cannery Row, Sweet Thursday, and Travels with Charlie, I'd probably have to say Pastures of Heaven and The Long Valley were my favorites
The Frog and Toad books have helped my 8 year old grandson learn to read--he has been having trouble and these books were so interesting and fun to him that he finally realized how reading could open up whole new worlds for him.  He loves these books.
Embedded in this intriguing, entertaining story is a deep reverence for medicine, for surgery.Reading this story elevated my own awareness of the human body, and of the human soul. Verghese seamlessly merges the two.
This book is a page turner! It has some parts that aren't as exciting as others but all are relevant to the story and the entire book is interesting.  If you enjoy romance, mystery, and history, too, then this book is worth the read because it contains all of them.  At first glance, the basic premise seems far-fetched as it's a time-travel romance but do not let that deter you from reading this book.  It makes for a very unique plot and the author wrote about the time travel portion in a very believable way.And the best part is this is a series so it's not over when you finish the first book.  I'm currently on the third book and still find the characters and the story intriguing.
Very informative and readable history of what Das calls the financialization of the world economy.The rise of consumerism in the 20th century, driven largely by advertising, severed the purse strings of an increasingly affluent (and increasingly indebted) middle class who went forth and multiplied their statement balances.Where transactions and investments were once predicated on the notion of hard currency for hard goods and services, business institutions and governments became increasingly beholden to financial abstractions and derivations. Money became an end in itself and tracking and managing its flow less predictable and increasingly subject to far flung events.Das details three signposts among many along the road that will be familiar to anyone with even a casual interest in the financial world of the last few decades: 1) The moment GE transformed itself from a manufacturing company into a predominantly financial services company 2) The merger/takeover of Time Warner and AOL and 3) The consolidation of Citibank and Travelers Insurance into the poly-services Citigroup.  Each of these transactions in their own way was driven by the availability of cheap credit and unrestrained risk that became the lubricant (and perhaps ultimately the sand) in a financial engine destined to sputter and stall out.The chapter on how banks morphed from their traditional business model into today's financial supermarkets is alone worth reading to understand the root causes of the current housing market crisis.  (As expected, it's more complex than the partisan talking points we're bombarded with daily.)Non-technical, extremely well-written at a lively pace, with just enough humor and irony to keep you smiling - even as beads of cold sweat form on your brow!
The skill of Ian McEwan is that he creates not only lush prose and complex characters, but that he completely immerses the reader in a sense of place and time. In this story, the travelling couple in a foreign land, is so vivid that you feel you can feel the frustration of the heat, the sounds, the scents, the sensations they experience. As danger approaches in the most subtle way, it is unsettling. However, my only complaint would be that the ending left me somewhat dissatisfied. Otherwise, a worthy read.
It's a good, lighthearted story. Not your typical Grisham novel but it was a good read.
The book came in the condition promised (like new) and got here quickly. Great service. Will definitely purchase from this vendor again. As for the book, "Illusions" is one of the best. I'd read it many years ago, but had somehow gotten rid of my copy. Great story; a book you'll want to re-visit every now and then. Richard Bach ROCKS.
This was an extremely written tale of redemption, classic Somerset Maughm.  It is the story of a vain and thoughtless woman, her marriage to a man she doesn't love, her infidelity, and her gritty awakening to the realities of life.  It was very well written and moves at a fast pace. It is a page turner. Loved it!
I identify with Sully! Finely crafted tale of life in small town America. I'm a Russo fan! It is real, comic, and tragic.
A Leviathan is a "sea monster" or whale or "whopper" and, by extension, an euphemism for "lie" or "liar".  It is not the title of this book but the title of a novel by a character in the book. Leviathan is also the title of Thomas Hobbes famous tome which examines what is meant by "freedom", power, the nature of human thought, and the exercise of power of humans in constant motion. As an artifact, Paul Auster's work has been polished until it sparkles and, like a dream, perhaps surreal, seems more real than waking life. Accordingly, I found it memorable with the writer, Auster, the power to make this work resonate.  I thought his characterisation was vivid, even the least of them, such as little Maria who, at five years of age, exercised her power in destroying a relationship between her mother, Lillian,  and novelist and serial bomber Benjamin Sachs.  Sachs is on a journey of redemption and forgiveness and charity after killing Lillian's husband, and Maria's father, Reed Dimaggio, teacher and environmental activist.There are a number of stories within the novel and the characters themselves have stories of their own.  Beautiful Lillian had, for example, "made three different stories" of her break up with husband Reed, " one of the stories might have been real.  It was even possible that all of them were real - but there again, it was just possible that all of them were false" (p. 185).The mosaic of the various yarns do contribute to the overall pattern and do come to a satisfying conclusion.Nevertheless, the concerns with co-incidence, chance, truth, reality, and the capacity for self deception by humans are abiding themes. There is a special thanks at the front of the book to Sophie Calle for permission to mingle fact with fiction(!!!???).All right already, I may be a bit peculiar but I did also enjoy the erotic element of this work. Maybe it is my appreciation of film noir heroines.An engrossing and entertaining read.  Highly recommended.
The Best book to start with. This was my first C Book. I still treasure it. One of the classics still floating around.
Aomame and Tengo held hands for a brief few moments in an empty classroom when they were ten years old and spent the next twenty years of their lives unconsciously searching for one another. Aomame is now a stealthy and deadly assassin assisting an enigmatic dowager-figure in ridding Tokyo of rapists. Tengo meanwhile is a gifted mathematician, teaching the subject at cram school which allows him to pursue his passion as a writer. When an extraordinary manuscript lands on his publisher's desk, a bizarre chain of events is set in motion.Both books are told in alternating chapters from Aomame's and Tengo's points of view. The first book compels the reader on as Tengo becomes enmeshed in a moral dilemma that is destined to have tragic consequences while a menacing religious cult hovers ominously in the background. It is by far the better of the two books although there are several occasions throughout where the writing becomes baggy and repetitious as Murakami keeps recapping his plot points as if for the slow reader.The second book then takes on a far more fantastical, allegorical aspect. This was either far too clever - or way too stupid - for me, I'm afraid. A pair of moons, metaphysics, Little People, dress it up any way you like, what IQ84 all boils down to in the end is a make-believe story of true love, "a paper moon sailing over a cardboard sea". Interesting though, and I'm glad I finally caught up with the legendary Murakami.
This is a senior management level treatment of about optimizing production to meet the business' customer demand as a single process. This is different from traditional Sales and Operational Planning (S&OP;) processes that businesses normally use. DSI takes inputs from the demand and capacity forecast combined with the financial goal and strategic direction. The key difference in that the responses to an increase in forecast demand could be to dampen demand (eg through some combination of price increases and reduced promotional activity) where as S&OP; tends to be more tactical in it's outlook and just consider the option of increasing capacity or building inventory. A good companion to this book isSupply Chain Network Design: Applying Optimization and Analytics to the Global Supply Chain (FT Press Operations Management).
If you enjoy the detective genre, you will love Berlin Noir. A German detective working in Nazi Germany Kerr's protaginist will win you over as he oberves the Nazi's insidious rise to power. If you like Alan Furst, you should really enjoy Phillip Kerr's page-turning narrative.
This book is very inspirational it was very good and It was also educational I see why people like this book so much
Why didn't I read this sooner?A tough as nails heroine and a compelling hero in a kilt (with the sexiest of Scottish burrs and a wonderful sense of humor in the midst of some horribly tragic circumstances), time travel, and angst-a-plenty all make for one of the best books I've had the pleasure to read.And I read A LOT.Off to grab the sequel and more Jamie Fraser!Thanks, Sophia Jones, for gifting the book to me. I'm eternally grateful...
This is the source from which James Cameron got his material. Meticulously researched (back in the 1950s, when many survivors were still alive,) Walter Lord presents the tragic event anecdotally and without a narrative break - never maudlin or mawkish, but filled with humanity and great reportage. A must for all Titanic fans.
This was my first encounter with Richard Dooling and was not my last. I've read each of his books and look forward to more. This is atill my favorite and I have read it several times over the years.He tackles difficult subjects here and does it with wit and courage. Far more than a legal thriller, this novel explores the a schism in the American psyche as relates to hate crimes and the unintended consequences of legislating morality.
I've used 2012 FA as my base and am about to take the Step in the next month. This is much improved. All errata fixed. The pictures are a lot better.
I have never and, God-willing, will never find my self in a situation where my life or the life of my family is in danger.  I have never and, God-willing, will never encounter people with such horrific apathy to their fellow human beings.  I cannot honestly review this book because the subject matter is beyond my comprehension. The telling is in Mr. Wiesel's own words and cannot be criticized for he and only he can express what is in his heart and what is sadly in his memory.  What I can say is that this book should be required reading for EVERYONE so that this history is never again repeated.  I finished this book on a plane and had to sit quietly the remainder of the flight, staring silently at Mr. Wiesel's photograph on the back cover.  Thought-provoking doesn't do this book justice.  I have no words to describe that which has no place in humanity but which Mr. Wiesel and so many MANY others somehow endured.  I gave the book to a friend that day and I hope it travels the world.
The United States needs a modern-day Kimball O'Hara or two if it is ever to be successful in thwarting future large-scale terror attacks.  The likelihood of that happening is few-and-far-between.This Rudyard Kipling classic has recently found its way on to US military officer reading lists, and this review will approach the novel from that perspective.  As cultural understanding and sensitivity crawls its way up the priority list for military personnel serving abroad, there are few better or more enjoyable ways to appreciate the issue than reading "Kim."The main character is a British orphan about thirteen years of age when the story begins who has been raised on the streets of Lahore in present-day Pakistan.  He speaks fluent Hindi, understands various dialects and, perhaps most important of all, intimately understands the kaleidoscopic whirl of religions and cultures that travel and trade along the northwest border of British India.  He takes to the road as a disciple or "chela" of a wandering Tibetan priest in search of a mythical holy river with healing powers.  Along the way, he has a chance encounter with his deceased father's old army regiment and his identity is revealed.  The army sends him to a prestigious English language Catholic school in the south, but his potential value is quickly gleaned by a member of the British secret service, which is engaged in a cloak-and-dagger contest with the Russians as their two spreading empires converged along the Hindu Kush in the last decades of the 19th century.There are a number of ways to analyze or appreciate Kipling's writing and the complex narrative he creates.  One is historical.  The author grew up in India and sets the story on a timeline that would have exactly equated with his own youth in the British colony.  The sights, sounds, phrases, references, and personalities in "Kim" are entirely authentic.  The volume I read included footnotes that explained the arcane expressions and places.  Without this helpful aid much of the story would have been lost (to me at least), so it is worth checking to see if the volume you are buying has notes or a glossary.Another angle on the story is what is says about modern human intelligence operations.  The leading British intelligent agent in the novel, Colonel Creighton, recognizes that Kim has language, culture skills, and local street smarts that simply cannot be taught in any academy.  He is lucky that Kim begrudgingly accepts his "obligation" as a Sahib (white man) and agrees to help Britain in its game of wits with the Russians - and it happens to offer him the freedom and adventure he desperately craves.So, whether one is interested in 19th century India and Pakistan or simply enjoys a good spy novel, "Kim" is as fine a book as can be recommended.
I'm reading the classics that I missed in earlier years.  I loved Cannery Row..great writing!  I never knew how good Steinbeck was!
I enjoy all of the books I've listened to by Kathy Reichs.  I've even accidentally bought 2 of them twic by mistake. If I find any more new ones, they will be on my shopping list.
The bible of dealing with change in a postive way, Who Moved My Cheese? should be required reading for everyone. As the owner of a sales training company, I teach regularly, &quot;When we stop getting better, we cease being good. Blanchard and Johnson don't just motivate us to change and grow, they say it's essential and to enjoy the ride along the way. A quick read, this book should be reviewed every 6 months. 5 Stars all the way!Todd Natenberg, Author of the book, &quot;I just got a job in sales. Now What?&quot; A Playbook for Skyrocketing Your Commissions
This is part of my home medical kit and is key to my preparations. It is a good resource for basic drugs used in the average home. It should be stored with your long term meds supplies for ease of reference.
Love Diana gabaldon.  You do not need to listen to in orders.  Diana does a great job of brining you up to date on what has happened in previous books.
Abraham Verghese's novel will take you to foreign places and you will laugh, cry, and be thrilled and I can't see that anyone would not love it. Some folks can't get through the first big blow in the novel, but giving up on it the reader will loose all the wonderful stories right up to the end.
If you like historical fiction and ancient Greece, this fits the bill.  There are descriptions of Sokrates time and teachings, wars, adventures.
A very dear friend of mine gave me a copy of Roberto Innocenti's lavishly illustrated take on Charles Dickens' "A Christmas Carol." A holiday classic in its own right (check out the wonderful 1938 cinematic adaptation starring Reginald Owen, newly released on DVD for the first time), Innocenti's incredibly detailed watercolours bring Dickens' London to life: we peer through windows to see mothers caring for sick children, see delights piled up in shop windows, and small details that give depth to the story (the Dutch-tiled fireplace in Scrooge's home, the Cratchit threadbare hovel). The paper stock is very good quality, as is the ink. A worthwhile investment for children old enough to appreciate this timeless tale, sure to become a treasured symbol of Christmas.
I like this book very much because it helps me frequently when I need to remember some definitions or formulas, but I think it could be improved if some topics were treated in a more abstract way, as all the material on  differential forms, for example.
Since I've gotten this book, I've used it constantly as a reference for what I'll need within my detailed style sheets for my websites. It is extremely useful, but I would caution against beginning to intermediate level people using this book in high hopes of it showing how to use CSS effectively. The book clearly assumes that you have a proper understanding of CSS structure (only touching on it briefly within one section) and knowledge of what it requires within the context of HTML to make it work. None of this is clearly demonstrated. It is a resource akin to a dictionary when you're not sure of something's usage or meaning. In that sense, it is excellent. I would have liked, however, if there was some section for anticipated things within the progress of CSS (moving toward version 3.0 and any addendum aspects such as RUBY within the 2.0 scheme), so that developers and designers alike can 'think forward' for future sites and how they would be implemented.
A good story that is backed up with reasonable historiography. One of Crichtons best. The film version , although truncated in story lines, also worth a view.
A helpful book to use after class is over. Amazon is a bargain compared to buying textbooks at school! Give it a try!!
The important players and their ascendence to positions of vital influence and how they left their indelible mark on the world of finance is told very well in book that will be read for decades to come
One of the most important skills of a programmer is the ability to envision what goes on at different levels of abstraction. Depending on your programming task, it may be a few levels or all the way down to the machine level if you are writing compilers. This book helps provide an excellent frame of reference for real-world programming and lets you visualize the computer as a set of levels with their individual boundaries.The book is particularly useful for programmers working in the area of virtual machines, since it uses the picoJava(tm) architecture as case study throught the book.
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, by Mark Haddon, features a nifty little mystery that is, in of itself, fun to follow.  The true scope of this book is with its excellent insight into Autism.  The main character in this very enjoyable book is Autistic.  The battles he must wage just to answer the questions involved in the mystery make for the most compelling aspect of this book.  A great read.  4 strong stars.  This book is not to be missed.
To say this book lacks a narrative structure, as another reviewer has, is to state the obvious truth, but it is also to miss the point of how this book works in the grossest sense.  Also, to pretend that any work's  validity comes from a complex narrative is to be stuck in the George Eliot  school of literary criticism.  &quot;The novel&quot; has thankfully moved  beyond being simply a plot-vehicle; DeLillo has helped urge us down this  path.  The inheritor of similarly &quot;unploted&quot; authors as Proust  and Nabokov, DeLillo's works read something like sprays of words; it is up  to the reader to pick up the pieces.  Here our narrator makes that task  extraordinarily familiar. Set amidst American suburbia at its most  mediocre, White Noise draws ironies and truth that a more traditional  narrative would force into existence. In this book they emerge naturally  from delicious verb-less sentences that string together such non-entities  as brand names and un-happenings.  If it strikes us as pedestrian, it is  only because it hits points remarkably close to us as readers; products of  post-war Americana, we _should_ know all that it contains.  To have done  this, and have done it with as much comic gusto as DeLillo has, is  something of a feat.  It is not an outright funny book--but Jack Gladney's  demi-struggle is staged with such perfect wit that it recalls that other  great, comic suburban exploration, Pynchon's Crying of Lot 49.  Yet even  Pynchon uses mystery to drive us along--DeLillo employs no such artifice.  Funny for a book which points out so much artifice in the everyday.
I've enjoyed the read.  Very good book on asset allocation.  I've learned a lot about the proper way to allocate investing in my portfolio in the future saving me a lot of bs fees and commissions.
If we continue to look at a problem from the same perspective, we will always arrive at the same solution.  Only by changing the way we view problems can we find new and different possible solutions.  If you wish to succeed in an increasingly rapidly changing world, you must learn to shift the way you look at things.In The Entrepreneurial Instinct, Monica Mehta gives us several ways to change the view we hold about becoming a successful entrepreneur.  She had a very unusual and unique vantage point for developing her ideas about entrepreneurial success.  The first advantage was the "accident of birth" - she was born to entrepreneurial parents.  They migrated to America during the 1980s and failing to find suitable employment embarked on a very successful run as entrepreneurs - building quite a large and highly successful business.  What is remarkable was they did it with little or no formal training.  They certainly did not have a grand plan.Ms Mehta had many advantages her parents never had.  She attended a prestigious university where she took all the entrepreneurial classes.  After graduation, she landed a jobs in the consulting and venture capital fields.  She had all the right tools we are all taught in business schools.  But in reality she was no where close to approaching the success her parents had achieved without the vast knowledge and expertise.As she began studying successful entrepreneurs and how they were able to build their businesses, she discovered some surprising and often counterintuitive facts about what it really takes to start and build a successful small business.  The results of her study are presented in The Entrepreneurial Instinct.For years the commonly accepted wisdom is that to build a successful business, the starting point is the business plan.  An often repeated mantra scattered throughout the book is this: "To take the journey, put action over planning.  To fund the journey, put planning over action."  Translated this means to forego the business plan in favor of taking action, measuring the results and making adjustments when you are in the start-up phase.  Make sure that the business has a product/service that there is a market for.  Don't spend a lot of time developing a detailed business plan when most if not all of the steps will change as you refine  your product/service.  When you want/need financing, then and only then spend the time developing the business plan.The advice is to develop an overall vision of mission - why the company was formed and then focus on the next step.  You will always get more of the important things done by taking this approach.The book is well written and a breeze to read.  Ms Mehta does not rely just on her own knowledge and insights.  She has consulted with and incorporated the thinking of neuroscientists in her writings.  Many of her findings go against conventional wisdom.  But she backs her theories with solid information about how the brain actually works and how and why we are inclined to do the things we do.The book is a delight to read.  I believe you will gain a new and unique perspective on what it takes to be a successful entrepreneur.I was provided a review copy of this book.
Temptation by Douglas Kennedy is a fictional book which takes the reader on a ride from the height of success to the lows in life. What happens when a gilded door opens to a man who suddenly has ample opportunities and Hollywood clout?David Armitage, a Hollywood screen writer, has gotten his big break. One of his scripts was bought for TV and hailed as ingenious.David reinvents himself, walks out on his wife and daughter and is hired by Philip Fleck, a billionaire, to work on a very strange collaboration.Taking the plunge, David finds himself on a rollercoaster in the celluloid jungle where nothing is appears as it is and everyone is out for themselves.I have never read any of Douglas Kennedy's books before, Temptation was my first one. The novel was a fast read, sarcastic and the narrative flowed from the start to the end.I could never put my finger on why I liked this book. I've been to California but I don't "get" the culture, mind set, and attitude of the west coast. I also don't "get" much-ado-about-nothing scandals and why do people actually care.Yet, from some strange reason the book grabbed me, which I can only attribute to Mr. Kennedy's storytelling. I found the characters to be very relatable, David the screenwriter and protagonist isn't exactly likeable but I could certainly feel his struggle.The story of rise to the pinnacles of professional success and the sharp descent from those heights is an attention grabber. I was yelling in my head for David to slow down a bit, but I cannot say I wouldn't have done the same given the circumstances and opportunities - as far fetches as they might be.The book asks some questions which I often asked myself - mainly about the bad choices we make in life. Of course it's easy to look back and see where you made these mistakes, but are they really mistakes?Is putting your faith in a "financial professional" who is only after your wallet a mistake or a scam? Or are they one and the same?This is a fun book, something to read on these lazy summer weekends.
This book wont show you how to make sales. It will help you analyze why you are not selling. Its an extension of Psycho-cybernetics, and if you read that book, the material is basically the same. If I had a choice between Psycho-cybernetics and this book; I'd purchase Psycho-cybernetics.
A very enjoyable read. Time very well spent.Tulip Fever is a story with an artist's stroke.  You get to experience a flower's scent and beauty, a lover's passion and obsession and a city's sinful temptations.  The author does a fantastic job of using a thriving 1630's Amsterdam as the canvas for this triangle of love, loss and redemption.  And though you feel it racing toward a tragic end, the twists and turns along the way make for an ending as satisfying and fulfilling as ever.Reading this book is like viewing a painting from a distant time and having it reveal all the secrets of those living in that era.  Time is definitely a focus throughout the novel; time spent, time lost and time waiting for the next time to be spent.  "Life is short, time is fleeting, grasp it while you can."  Every character in this novel brings something to the story, and every episode has its time of birth, vitality and death. Who knew that Amsterdam was once a thriving market for tulips?I can easily partner this book with one of my favorite Robert Frost Poems:Nothing Gold Can StayNature's first green is gold,Her hardest hue to hold.Her early leaf's a flower;But only so an hour.Then leaf subsides to leaf.So Eden sank to grief,So dawn goes down to day.Nothing gold can stay.
This is a gentle, delicate book that is written in a seemingly simple style but has unexpected depth to it. I was enchanted by the stories and characters Sijie presents -- the images of the two protagonists watching a film in order to retell the story to their villagers; of making their way down a trecherous path to share a book with the little seamstress; the old man sucking his &quot;jade oysters&quot;; and the headman announcing the time on the new watch. Each episode is a gem!
A cultural buffet of flavors and textures, Verghese takes reader on an odeyses of history with a touching story of family ties. What a gifted writer.
This novel, a pre-history of Poland, is really a post-history of Isaac Singer.  The concerns of his character and the characterization of this Poland is Singer's: a man who has a plural marriage (this time with a mother and daughter, sometimes it is two sisters, sometimes unrelated women), who grows disgusted with eating meat, and whose only faith is the belief in death.  This is the end of The Family Moskat: "Death is the real Messiah, and that is the truth!"  And here it is again, slightly less brilliant and stiring, but not without some drama and interest.  Singer's Poland (like Singer's New York) is really about the difficulty of finding and maintaing belief in our world, a world that works to strip us of it with unbending will.
Truly another good story by Michael Crichton that you won't regret spending time on.  A compelling story line,and solid characters.
Great book! Very interesting stuff in here. Needed it for my college film class and helped a lot. I recommend this to any film fanatics
Good books, highly recommend them! My son loves them and wants to read the entire series! Getting ready to order him 11-13 now! He loves them so much he can not put them down! I am very happy with the quality I got for the price I paid!
This is a amazingly funny book.  I kept laughing out loud.  You can't help it.  Some parts a bit hard to understand since it is an English book but the dictonary at the back really is helpful and I used it alot.  Its just a crazy diary of a girl who is living her life.  Whether its dealing with her (very funny) little sister, crazy cat, boys, or wondering whether she is gay, it keeps on going.  I highly suggest it for those who want to have a good laugh.
This above all Hunter books, and all books is my favorite.  From beginning to end, it grabs you.  Take the time to read this!!!
Dorothy Parker is timeless- her witty observations are still up to date. Her short stories are superb. Keep this little paperback in your purse and you will not be bored, where ever you are.
&quot;Open House&quot; is a delightful summer read.  It approaches the devastating, sudden abandonment of a spouse with heartfelt sympathy and courage.  Sam is a strong, well-developed character, who Ms. Berg depicts in a way that you will root for throughout her ordeal.  The other characters add depth and colorful dialog to the story.  The book is humorous and serious at the same time.  Well done.
So it's almost 10 years ago since I first read this book.This was the first book I read about scalping and price action trading. Back then there were no other books like this - meaning, I didn't find anything better.Yes, the title is very misleading. This book is not about tape reading per se.Graifer's idea about ticks and the tape is that each tick is displayed on a chart in price, time, and volume.Mike Bellafiore from SMB Capital and author of "One Good Trade" however claims that charts - real time charts - are lagging the tape. This is because the chart won't show you unfilled orders. On the tape you can see an offer for 10K shares which doesn't get filled because other traders are selling below. So the tape can show you support and resistance levels which may not be apparent on the chart.The first book I read about actual tape reading was "Electronic Day trading Made Easy" by Misha Sarkovich around 2002. Also, back then they were no other books. This book talks about the actual price movements in a Level 2 ticker. It's okay for some momentum setups.The second book I read about tape reading was "The Day Trader's Survival Guide" by Christopher Farrell. This book talks about the pitfalls using the tape for trading.Okay, this now was just about Tape Reading for readers who were mislead.Personally I'm not really into using the ticker tape.This book Techniques of Tape Reading is actually about price action trading and scalping using charts with 5 to 2 minute intervals.This book isn't complete, but back then they weren't no other books of this kind. And the term "price action" wasn't used.It has only about 6 or 7 setups and then many pages with examples on how they were used. This is just fine for a beginning trader. Not too much, not too little information. What the reader should do is to open his own chart with his own stock and see how those setups would have applied there.This is a good and a nice a book for beginning traders who haven't yet an idea what setups are about.This book actually HAS tradeable setups. Many books just haven't.If you want to be a scalper or swing trader using minute interval charts I also recommend to read "Technical Analysis in Stock Trends" by Robert Edwards and John Magee. Because chart patterns that appear in daily and weekly intervals also appear in daytrading using minute intervals.4 stars really for what it is. I'm giving it 5 because many readers rated it down for being mislead.
As a small business owner I am always looking, researching and checking out ideas on how to increase business and exposure.  It is a constant state of marketing.  This book addresses an area that is becoming increasingly important in today's world of computer savy and electronic communicative customers and clients.  This book puts in easy to understand language in a clear and concise manner who to see, where to go and what to do.  Using the Internet marketing resources should not be minimized, but magnified and used to the huge potential available.  This book does it.  I like this book, consider it a valuable resource and recommend it to others.
The author spends a few pages early on whining about being dinged in reviews for earlier editions by people expecting a book more oriented toward those learning SQL. This is most definitely not that book.In fact, you'd best be pretty familiar with the terminology of SQL, of data bases, and ideally somewhat familiar with competing dialects of SQL implementations. Until you are -- and you will be by the end of the book -- it can be hard to understand what he is communicating. He takes no prisoners.Having plowed thru the book, I was a worthwhile purchase and did give me a few immediately useful tips I was able to use. (E.g., in addition to inclusion criteria in a WHERE statement, you can also include redundant exclusion criteria. Doing so sped up procession of a series of time consuming commands from a half hour to a few minutes.) And I better appreciate the many & complex ways SELECT statements can be configured and assembled.Most of the book looks a specific problems or types of problems, and the methodologies to address them. From the pattern of approach you will learn to build your own solutions to your own problems. But again, the book is not intended as a tutorial on basic or even intermediate SQL. It is not a tutorial at all save for a study on each of a variety of common problems DBAs face.
Especially if you fit the category of nerdiness. And that's exactly what it is like for Paul when he first enters Gate, the exclusive school for rich kids. But he gets to go there free because his mother works in the office. At first, school for him is total hell - from coke getting sprayed into his locker to a group of jocks mooning him in the hall. His only friend is the odd and homely Binky, a girl with no friends herself. But then he meets Charlie Good, a very popular, charismatic boy who drags Paul out of the world of nerdiness and into the world of the popular. Paul is mesmerized by Charlie and is so needy for love and acceptance that he will do whatever it takes...even if it means planting a bomb in the school.Overall, this was a very good book. There were a few disturbing scenes in the book and I wish Paul had more balls to stand up to Charlie and realize that Binky was a true friend, but Alex Flinn's amazing, funny writing style more than makes up for it. She is an excellent writer and I loved her book, Breathing Underwater, which takes us into the mind of an abuser - quite a delicious twist, if you ask me. She is good at creating anti-heroes that we can relate to in one way or another.I look forward to her next endeavor. I hope she joins the ranks of Chris Crutcher and other popular authors of the YA genre. She is extraordinary!
I absolutely adored this book when I was in grade school.  My daughter is 9 and we are now reading it again.  It's amazing how well this book held up over the years, and it was such a joy to read it again.  I actually still have my copy from when I got it back in the 70's, although it's very fragile now.  I ordered another copy for us to read so I could keep mine safe.Highly recommend this book.  It's great for young readers, and it's smart and intelligent.  I enjoy when my daughter reads books that are written on such a higher level, and require some thinking.
This book was very well written. I enjoyed all aspects of the book. I highly recommend it. I could not put it down. It is a must read. I loved all the medical components to the book.
Although in convenient paperbacks, these are replicas of the originals.  That is, they include the original illustrations and, I believe, use the same printed fonts.  Each book has its own font and pictures.  These are charming for children and for adults, and are musts if you intend to read or have read the Gregory Maguire Wicked trilogy.
portable jung - best introduction to the works of jung, edited by the best possible editor - joseph campbell;  combined , they take one into the 21st century.
A self-centered linguist, and self-described "cad", in post-WWII Oxford then London, tries to absolve or explain his guilt for an act that is revealed only a little later (no spoiler here... the tension and reveal are great).  At times brilliant, he is difficult and complicated. He hurts his sister and others with his blindness.  The reappearance of his former mentor into his life adds immediacy and a hope for resolution.  The book threatens near the end to slide into parody or absurdity but is well saved, with only a brief miring in symbolism.  The book deals with very serious topics -- guilt, despair, resilience, suspicion, hope, pride, (even) love -- but it is also full of wit with many interesting observations.Unfortunately, the ebook has many typos that occasionally confuse (one is inspired by the outstanding writing to interpret every word), which is stupidly ironic for a book with this title.
I have read a few crucial books. I really like this one as it really helps me stay tuned in conversations, especially when they seem to take a hard and unexpected turn. Like when you are driving, this can be dangerous.I will most remember to pause, or at least slow down when something I do or say causes and unexpected reaction that seems a bit to risk trust or cause hurt.For me, this book is worth the price for helping out with just that. A good step by step in how to manage such interactions.
In "Cadillac Desert," Marc Reisner tells the story of how the American West destroyed its rivers with unnecessary dams.  Environmentalists are often accused of opposing economic growth, but Reisner shows that the dam-builders - - and not their opponents - - were the ones ignoring economic criteria.  As a result of the "beaver complex" of the Bureau of Reclamation and the US Army Corps of Engineers, we have a bunch of money-losing dams providing subsidized water to grow subsidized crops at high prices.In other words, the beavers destroy wealth and jobs at the same time they destroy rivers, wetlands, and Indian reservations.  Indirectly, they also contribute to the farm crisis in wetter areas such as the Mississippi  and Ohio Valleys and the eastern seaboard.It would be easy to unleash an army of econometricians to document the phenomenal waste of these dams.  However, Reisner manages to provide us with an action narrative of these two out-of-control bureaucracies and a demented, pork-addled legislature.  Let me repeat this, because it's the most remarkable feature of the book: an action narrative of two bureaucracies.  The man can write.He also gives us capsule biographies of leading figures - - including a full chapter on Floyd Dominy, the high priest of dam building.  These people destroyed our rivers, not in the pursuit of growth, but in the pursuit of corporate welfare and back-room deals that move wealth around without creating any new wealth.  Every environmentalist and anti-environmentalist needs to read the book.In short, this is a riveting story, very well told.  Not only is it highly recommended, but I join with many other reviewers in saying that this book should be required reading for all American citizens.
The first thing I want to note is that this is not a general history of the church during the middle ages. As the title indicates, its scope is more limited. As a result, a lot of the framework necessary for gaining an overview of the church itself during this time is either ignored or mentioned only briefly. Accordingly, this book is best suited for those who already have some familiarity with the Middle Ages in Western Europe, and I would highly recommend a reader have or gain such an overview prior to reading this book by R.W. Southern. Although it will be of some value to anyone reading it, those who already have a background in medieval history will be able to gain far more from reading this book.As far as the topic of this book is concerned, which, as the title makes clear, involves the ongoing interaction between society as a whole and the church as an institution during the period between 700-1520, Southern does an excellent job of covering the issues. I found his discussion of the divisions within Christendom as well as his fairly detailed descriptions of the various religious orders to be fascinating and perhaps the most original contribution of this book. This book contains information not found in more general histories of the period.
Unlike most of the John Steinbeck books that I read in school and loved, this one had me laughing and totally enjoying his description of the people and places he encountered on his travels.  Very refreshing!!  A good read!!!
While I purchased this book because I was intrigued by what it took to do a TED talk, I found this to be also be the best book I've read on public speaking.  I would highly recommend to anyone that finds themselves in front of a group of people sharing ideas. Sure to be a goto reference as well as a book I will re-read several times.
There is an irrestible desire to compare this 800 plus page novel of Russia at Stalingrad with Leo Tolstoy's much longer novel of Russia and Napoleon at Moscow in 1811, and in some respects they are alike. Both  are superb. Both express the Russian love of homeland. Both extol the Russian defeat of an invader. And both bring the Russia of the past up close.But there are dirrerences - substantial diffeences. Tolstoy was a portrait painter in words writing two generations after the fact. Grossman was there at the time and he's damn good - a photographer in words. Tolstoy was a romantic; Grossman is an unblinking realist and there's nothing "sweet" about what he tells you, about the upside down Orwellian morality of the Stalinist state, where evil is good, where good is rewarded by evil, where bad things happen again and again to good people for no reason other than the fact that they somehow have innocently run afoul in some small deail of the machinery of the Party. For example there's Colonel Pyotr Novitov who is an exemplary officer commanding a tank corps in the Stalingrad encirclement. He's been through the retreat across Russia in 1941 and now, staffed again with a fine division, he's on the move to regain the Caucasus; And he's in love with Yvengenia Shapsonikov who was formerly married to Nikolay Krymov a commissarin the Red Army. She has given him every reason to believe she loves him too and will come to him in the field. But Krymov, who has served the Party faithfully and without stint over the years, is set up, horribly beaten by the NKVD in Lubyanka Pison in Moscow, forced to confess to a politcal crime and sentemced to a labor camp.Yvengenia stands Novikov up and goes back to Krymov. Then Novikov is suspended from his command at the instance of the Commissar in his division (a politican named Getmanov) because he paused to rest his men for ten hours after advancing in battle without pause for everal days (Getmanov wanted the division to be first into the Caucasus) and recalled to Moscow for political punishment of the Krymov type. I cite this example - one of many similiar stories - to typify the tone of this book - unremitting, steady black gloom. Nothing good happens to anybody - ever. Sons are killed, mothers sent to the gas chamber, families riven by distance and over the whole deadful scene, hovering like a deadly miasma of death, is the Stalinist state, cruel, dishonest, cynical and fundamentally the personification of evil, just as bad as the Nazis - maybe worse because it had purported to represent the common man.So should you read this book? Absolutely. While it would help to understand how the spelling of Russian names apparently changes with gender and while you ned to have a chart of the characters better than the one in the back of the book (I finally made one for my use) and while you really need some knowledge of Russian history post 1916 - the revolution, collectivization, famine, the Purge of 1937 etc.-  you can go it alone to see how morally obscene Communism really was - particularly under Stalin. And you need to. This is an angry book written without sunlight by an angry man writing about death and the evil of the Stalinist state in the cold gray dead winter of 1943 at Stalingrad. Tolstoy leaves you thinking of Mozrt, Grossman writes a dirge - but he's good. Very very good. Read it and compare!
I like the book, it provided me with information on the type of tools needed when charting stock. It also indicated when certain stocks are charted and using the tools how the trade should be confirmed using the tools indicated.
The Haunting of Hill House, by Shirley Jackson, may very well be the most frightening book I have ever read. Flat out, period. The mere basis of this book is somewhat cliche, by today's standards: Four adults are conducting an &quot;experiment&quot; on Hill House's supposed hauntings. Occasionally the characters seem stiff and mechanical, some of the dialogue is forced...The entire premise of the book is generally hard to believe...Despite these caveats, though, this book is still scary. For best effect, I recommend reading it very late at night, in an absolutely silent house. Just wait.What makes this book so &quot;scary&quot; is that each character relates to their fears in their own way. One part of the book which still gives me the shivers is when Eleanor and Theodora, the two female protagonists, are in Theodora's room. Eleanor keeps hearing thumps and patters on the wall, while Theodora does not acknowledge anything out of the ordinary. These events only affect Eleanor. Each character is alone with their fears -- rather than all four of them experiencing something &quot;haunting,&quot; each character experiences something individual.Thus, each character is also alone in their fears; their fears are essentially doubled: They fear what they hear or experience, and then also fear they are losing their mental stabilty, as no one else experiences the events. The psychological scariness of this book is what sets it apart from the typical &quot;slash and gore&quot; horror novel: This book is, really, in a genre all its own.
Despite the title, this book is not just about communication. It's primarily about how to get consistently good results. Most of us add value to our organizations (companies, teams, families) not by virtue of our technical competencies, but rather by our ability to relate to and with other human beings. That relating is primarily through conversation.The authors define a "crucial conversation" as one with three ingredients: high stakes, opposing opinions, and strong emotions. A routine conversation can become crucial in an instant (just ask any parent of teenagers). In the workplace there are plenty of risky conversations: asking for a raise, holding a peer accountable, challenging an idea proposed by the boss.This book is a virtual users manual for anyone interested in getting better results in every kind of relationship. You'll learn how to "Get Unstuck" by spotting those results that aren't satisfactory, then identifying the crucial conversations you're either not having or not having well. You'll learn how to "Start With Heart" by challenging your own motivations. You'll "Learn to Look" for "silence" and "violence" (clam up or blow up) behaviors that are deadly to relationships. You'll discover "Make It Safe" skills that enable you and others to navigate through the most risky subjects. You'll learn to "Master Your Stories" by distinguishing more clearly between observations and conclusions, facts and assumptions. You'll learn skills that make it possible to listen with a level of empathy you never thought possible.This book is a bestseller because the practices it teaches simply work. The proof, as they say, is in the pudding.
this is a cute book for preschoolers. it puts a twist on ordinary things. i bought it for 4 year old neighbor who noticed the moon seemed to move from his yard to my yard and back. his mom liked the story of the 2 bumps that appeared in owl's bed everytime he laid under the covers.
Coetzee writes with a clarity that few writers achieve. The only reason why I give this 4 stars instead of 5 is because Disgrace, another of his highly successful works was much better.The voice of the "magistrate," the narrator of the novel blends the voice of an aging man coming to grips with his own sexuality and the life he has led with a man at a crossroads where cultures clash with one another. As the elder statesman of this bordertown, he has spent years working with those who have migrated to this region and those who have always called the place home. The title lends itself to interpretations of the real Barbarians actually being those soldiers from the Capital who desire to start a war and clear away the Barbarians who no one has ever really see, not even the magistrate, but I think that would do injustice to the complexitites of this novel. The savagery we see and the torture the magistrate endures takes center stage and the idea of cultures coming into contact with one another actually takes a back seat, or at least at the macroscopic level it loses its focus.What most amazes me about this novel is not its depiction of globalization and the colonized and colonizer coming at odds (If you want to see that, try A Season of Migration to the North), but rather the way an old man who has dedicated his life to the law and to see justice done has to come to grips with whether or not what he has done was worthwhile. It reminds me most of Ishiguro's Remains of the Day and the way with which the narrator in that text must come to grips with his own contributions to a Nazi sympathizer.Go out and read this book. There's a reason why Coetzee won the Nobel Prize.
I'm not a big fan of Sherlock Holmes, but I really enjoyed this one!  It was a different style, easier to read and follow.
This is a well written book.  It begins by telling us laypeople just what the Keynesian Endpoint is and then how we (or any nation) reached this point in our economic history.  Then he tells us the ramifications of having reached this KEP and finally some ways individuals can protect themselves from the position in which we have found ourselves.  The author seems to be writing from an Austrian school viewpoint and insightfully lays out the causes of our present economic problems and goes further to address some ways out.Keynes argued essentially  that in times of economic downturn that government spending money obtained by borrowing would cause a multiplier effect on the economy thus pulling it out of recession.Crescenzi sets forth to show us what has happened to our economy and why the Keynes theories won't/ can't work in the future.  First he shows how we reach the KEP  where there is no longer money on our balance sheets to borrow and spend.Chapters 2-8 tell us how we have gotten ourselves into this mess at the KEP through such things as Consumption Binging, Public Employee Unions with their profligate demands and excess power, Political dishonesty, Ponzi Schemes like QE I and QEII, and finally Age Warfare and as he calls it Gerontocracy.Chapter 8 attempts to  tell why with all of us having much more disposable income than our parents we all feel like we don't have enough and thus the necessity for govt. to hide the costs of inter-generational debts.The last 2 chapters give us some pointers on how to deal with our present situation before the worst things like 1979 interest rates or post WWi German inflation happen.Anyone reading this book can see how Europe is ahead of us in having reached the KEP in Portugal, Ireland, Italy, Greece, and Spain(PIIGS).  Their Sovereign Debts are overwhelming them today.  There is not enough money for  the safer economies like France and Germany to bail all of them out.  With our Credit Rating having been lowered and further lowering threatened we are fast on the way to fiscal disaster.I am  not an economist, but Crescenzi lays out his arguments in detailed and concise language without mathematical terminology so that anyone can tell where we are and where we are heading economically if we do not act fast , which will cause some pain for all in places.This is a must read book.  I'm already looking at some of his other books and such books as /Where Keynes Went Wrong/ by H Lewis.
This is one of the most inventive, beautiful, and innovative books I have read in years. I'm tempted to call it the novel of the year, but 2004 has hardly begun.Niffenegger takes what could have been a prosaic contemporary slice-of-life and gives it vigor and pizzazz by making the male protagonist a time traveler. It's not a magic trick he does for fun--it's grueling, horrible, and leaves him naked and pennilesss for hours or days at at time. Eventually he learns to pick locks, steal clothes and somehow put up with his &quot;illness,&quot; but he doesn't turn into the kind of man you'd want to meet in a dark alley, either.Then, in his chronology, he meets Clare, a beautiful young artist. He follows her growing-up period and falls deeply in love. By the time they meet in real time, Clare has taught Henry how to be human and their love story is as magnificent as it is painful.By the end of the book, Henry has changed so much, become so kind and caring that we forgive his past, and mourn for Clare when she eventually loses her soul mate--that is, if anyone can lose anyone in a time-traveling world. This is a book I shall treasure always.One extra note: as a Chicagoan, I had great fun identifying all the places where Henry and Clare hang out. The author creates an powerful sense of place that keeps the love story grounded in the reality of a 21st century city.
In spite of its advanced age, this book is still relevant and explains many topics better than much newer books on the various flavors of UNIX. Although there are better books on the specific flavors of UNIX available today, no other book does as good a job of explaining the philosophy of generic UNIX and its intrinsic relationship to the C programming language. The book starts out talking about invoking common commands from the command line, the UNIX file system, and then moves on to "filtering"- which in this context means feeding the output of one command into the input of another command until you obtain the output you desire. Next shell programming is introduced along with sed and awk, which are the oldest of the UNIX scripting languages. Finally, we exhaust what can be done with sed, awk, and scripts consisting of UNIX commands already in existence. So, the authors show us how to "roll our own" UNIX commands by writing C programs and invoking their executable versions just like a UNIX command would be invoked. This part of the book is not meant to be a tutorial on the C programming language, so the reader should already know C or have another source for learning it. As an addendum to the section on C programming and UNIX, the authors illustrate how to use the UNIX system calls to build a richer set of commands. These system calls are interfaces to the UNIX OS kernel and provide a means for the programmer/user to access I/O, create and access files and directories, process errors, manage and create processes, and handle signals - which are the UNIX version of interrupts and exceptions. The book closes with a discussion of yacc and lex and illustrates how they can be used to build a calculator for use in the UNIX environment.This is a very "hands on" kind of book, so you should have access to a UNIX based system that has a C compiler handy so that you can type in the commands and do the exercises as you read along in the book. If you are a beginner to the world of UNIX, regardless of the flavor that you are ultimately interested in using, this is a great book to get your feet wet and to understand the power of this operating system.
CUDA programming is often recommended as the best place to start out when learning about programming GPU's. The learning curve concerning the framework is less steep than say in OpenCL, and then you can learn about OpenCL quite easily because the concepts transfer quite easily.This book is aimed at a beginner in CUDA and the level of the explanations clearly shows that the authors are aware that it is so new to the reader that he/she will need a lot of explanations. However there are times in which I feel the style of this book is insufferable. For example there is a joke of a program which prints Hello World. This can be annoying to someone keen to see the first real example of parallel programming. The authors dont give you much help with regards to installation.Yet, I cant think of any book that can really replace this book. If you are starting out, you pretty much have to have it. It covers certain subjects that Wen-mei Hwu does not cover in his book. In fact in the latter's Coursera course he suggests that you read Sander's book for certain topics.
This language learning method is the best I have ever encountered.  My husband and I learned to speak French while living there many years ago.  Lack of use after returning to the U.S. caused a loss of ability to use the language.  We decided to relearn what we have forgot prior to visiting Quebec this year.We bought our first Michel Thomas course at a local book store and the method reminds us of the private language tutoring we received while living in France.  We were so pleased we promptly ordered all other Michel Thomas French courses from Amazon.Michel Thomas teaches you to construct your own sentences just as you do in your native language.  He does this without using "grammatical" terms that are usually just as foreign to the student as the language they wish to learn.  We now have all of the Michel Thomas French courses and they are all quite excellent.
Patricia Atkinson's triumph over great adversity is truly uplifting. What an intimate peak into the world of the French vintner. She paints a vivid image of the countryside and of her neighbors and colleagues. There is love and loss. A gentle, precious read.
Over the years, I&#8217;ve read a lot of books. A hell of a lot of books. I&#8217;ve laughed, cried, rolled my eyes, snorted in disgust and basically gone through all the standard emotions of reading a really good story. But no book has ever made me feel as much as this. If I&#8217;m honest, I don&#8217;t want to write this review; I want to keep this special story all to myself. It stirred things inside me, brought back memories long forgotten (no pun intended) and has planted itself firmly on my &#8216;shelf&#8217; of reads I&#8217;ll always hold close to my heart.Apologies if I&#8217;m being a little dramatic but, you see, a close family member of mine suffered the same fate as main character, Claire, albeit with some minor differences (age and cause, mostly). The first few chapters took my breath away on more than one occasion and I knew what was coming. I recognised the reactions of the supporting characters, as well as Claire&#8217;s actions, frustrations and reasonings. What I didn&#8217;t expect though was Rowan Coleman&#8217;s ability to get so far under the skin of this devastating condition that she was able to portray it and it&#8217;s effects perfectly.The narrative swings between characters but it&#8217;s while you are in the runaway mind of Claire that you need to stop and take a moment to appreciate both the talent and research that&#8217;s gone into this character. Obviously  I don&#8217;t have this condition and cannot tell you personally what&#8217;s like, but having watched it destroy someone completely I can tell you that Coleman is incredibly accurate. A few things resonated deeply and it certainly makes for emotional reading when you realise the struggle, thoughts and hurt going on inside the sufferer.But the story isn&#8217;t all doom and gloom, there are some uplifting, beautiful moments that light up the pages and make all the sadness dim a little. Buy it, read it and you&#8217;ll realise The Memory Book is women&#8217;s fiction at its very best.
A little Princess is a beautiful redemptive work. It encourages me to persevere in the face of discouragement, trusting that one day everything will be put right. This Sara Crewe is a girl, too good to be true, but worthy for us to try to live up to her example of hope under trials.For Christians out there, like the Narnia Chronicles, has themes which can be used to illustrate timeless Christian truths to our children. I can't wait till my children are old enough for me to read this book with them.
First of all, if you really need to see the story about as completely as you can understand in your concrete world:This is the story of a brilliant man laying down, going to sleep, entering the universal common consciousness, and then beginning to wake up again. To know this book, learn to sleep. GO to bed when the sun goes down. Turn off the Television and the ipod when you sleep and maybe after 25 years you might get to realize this as well.If you must follow some traditional narrative thread, get the Skeleton Key to Finnegan's Wake and you will get some idea as to what is going on, but miss three quarters of the fun. It'd be like reading the script of Star Wars to see what happened in that movie (only Finnegans is a much better script). Joseph Campbell has done us literal literate readers, who have learned to see no more than what is in front of our eyes in a simple logical progression, a great service in spelling out, read his lips, exactly what is going on at all times.But what is going on is that vast consciousness we may enter when we enter deepest sleep, beyond words, where everything interconnects.Several other commentaries are as useful and more interesting. THe Skeleton Key, as is implied, lays out the bare bones of the narrative part by part. Others explore different motifs, such as heraldry or children's stories, or other languages, etc.You can find commentaries such as Joyce and the Jews which traces a Talmudic structure throughout the Wake and a Hebraic origin to its use of each letter as signifier, including the Cabalistic curious numerical value of ALP, the female essence of the dreamland. You can find other commentaries which discover Sherlock Holmes lurking beyond each passageway.Each element in Finnegans Wake is not random, but intentional, a tribute to the genius and all-inclusive learning of Mr. Joyce. Like the great cathedrals of Europe, at Chartres, etc., it is far beyond our dumbed-down televised understanding. Just as it is now impossible for us to rebuild the Cathedral at Chartres (the rose window alone could never be reconstructed) so do we find the construction of Finnegans incomprehensible without every aid available.We find our exiled selves now so unfortunately devolved literally as to be no longer capable of comprehension, but only dismissal. It makes our heads hurt to think, to laugh, to expand.Finnegans is a great mountain beyond our vision, beyond the clouds, too wide and too tall to see, but one we do well to climb attentively, to broaden our own perceptions, our horizons, our fitness, our minds, our souls.Get it. Get the commentaries, beginning with Joseph Campbell, but soon you will see his own limitations and struggle to go beyond him. His Skeleton Key is like the Finnegans Wake for Dummies series. Go beyond your own limitations, farther than you thought possible, and be proud of each one of your tiptoed small achievements in reading this book, pursuing every avenue of investigation. Read it. Sleep on it. Read some more. Until you too begin to awaken.
The whole book for me was a delightful indulgence.  A personal account by Carhart which imparts great insight into the enigmatic world of the piano enthusiast.  Along the way we get a glimpse of a special part of Paris and the lives of those who interact with the author,  A most pleasurable read that will appeal to those who might wonder why it is some people really DO love pianos (and Paris).
This book transports you into the mindset of a very different young teenage boy and chronicles his reaction to a whole set of slightly exaggerated, droll, and not entirely unbelievable circumstances--among them the murder of a dog, his mother's illicit affair, the breakup of his parent's marriage, the very much challenged father, the fight over custody--all in a distinctly English working class setting.Some reviewers have insisted that the author, in the guise of the boy as narrator/protagonist, would appear to minimize or otherwise distort the burden of Asperger's syndrome (as the book jacket describes his condition) or, perhaps more accurately, autism.  That may well be the case.  Perhaps, for example, it would be exceedingly rare for someone in this boy's condition to be so mathematically gifted or inclined.  But this is fiction, afterall, and not a medical journal.  The book is wonderfully written, original, and very moving in its exploration of the nature of family and human relationships.  I heartily recommend the book and most especially its reader in the audio version.
Karen Martin has been a consultant on performance improvement in office, service and knowledge work environment for almost 20 years, with prior experience in health care management. She knows the subject of outstanding organizations in this domain, and her recommendations on it are worth reading. I did not find myself agreeing with all her prescriptions, but my own experience is primarily in the different field of Manufacturing. Yet I picked up several ideas from her book that I intend to use, from the basic clarity-focus-discipline-engagement framework to details like the percentage complete and accurate (%C&A;)  as a clerical equivalent of first-pass yield in Manufacturing, or  the idea of pairing people on tasks.The book's central idea is that the key to removing the friction and chaos found in the daily operations of most organization is to (1) pursue clarity in internal communications, (2) focus on a small number of topics to reduce the time members spend switching between projects and give teams a chance to finish what they start, (3) have the discipline to keep practicing what makes it function better, and (4) engage members so that they identify their own goals with those of the organization.That these four characteristics are necessary for an organization to be outstanding is without question, and it is also clear that most business organizations lack them, but are they sufficient? We need to keep in mind that they are about the how and not the what.Tom de Marcohad imagined a service called the Astro-Pony Tout Sheet, to predict the performance of race horses from their astrological signs. It is a clear objective, and you could assemble a focused team, disciplined and engaged in the task of providing this service. But it wouldn't work no matter what they did.On clarity, I agree with the author that calling problems "opportunities" just creates confusion. I think it is just a case of a metaphor taken farther than it was intended. If you say "problems are opportunities," it is just short for "problems give you the opportunity to grow professionally by solving them."  It does not mean that you should substitute the word "opportunity" for every occurrence of the word "problem."On the other hand, I can't follow the author when she equates solution with countermeasure. In manufacturing quality, for example, there is a sharp distinction between the two. If you discover that you have shipped a defective product, first you put in place a countermeasure to prevent further defectives from escaping, and then you identify the root cause. Removing the root cause solves the problem, and then you dismantle the countermeasure.What she emphasizes the most on clarity is seeking and telling the unvarnished truth. In running an improvement program, it clearly beats trying to deceive the people you want to engage, but what about company secrets? I don't think the author meant to suggest that all business strategies, product launch plans, and proprietary technology should be communicated freely and openly. Intel founder Andy Grove is famous for saying "Only the Paranoid Survive, " and other successful companies,  like Apple, are also secretive. In very company, there are lines to be drawn between information best shared openly and secrets, and employees do not always have a clear idea of where it is or should be. This is a topic that I feel the author should have addressed.I also have a few minor quibbles with statements that are not essential to the book. For example, there is no need to say when Frederick Taylor was active, but, if you do, you can't say that it was "in the early days of the industrial revolution" (p. 8). Taylor worked around the turn of the 20th century, more than 100 years after the industrial revolution, as the Brits reminded us in the opening ceremony of the London Olympics.Also, martial artists cringe at the description of Kata as "choreographed patterns of movement" (p. 132), even if Wikipedia defines the word that way. Katas are simulated fights against multiple opponents, and the study of a Kata involves Bunkai, in which other students enact the attacks against which it responds.It is also an exaggeration to describe the practice of PDCA/PDSA as "creating a community of scientists." Most actual scientists have never heard of PDCA or PDSA, and the methods they use are substantially richer.This being said, I enjoyed the book, learned from it, and think it is a worthwhile contribution to the literature on Lean.
Yeah, I know, "new and improved" is just an advertising slogan, but the 3rd edition of this book is worth getting, even if you read the 2nd edition. This book covers the topic of getting referrals so well, you do not need another book. Trust me, I have four other books on referrals. This one tells you how, all you have to add is the activity.
Georgia is back!!!! In this fabulous installment of the GN series Georgia must decide if she can fight off he red botomosity and resist Dave the Laugh (see book in series before this for info on Dave). Also in the book Georgia has to go to Scotland (Och Aye land) and some odd things happen there. Wonderfully funny and is the kind of book to read to cheer yourself up!!
His traumatic experiences for his personal misadventures and still going straight with his Presidential responsibilities , you really fall in love with Clinton the Great President. Even the Republicans speak very high of his ability to steer the country in the most appropriate manner both in terms of his plans for bringing back prosperity and accumulating unprecedented cash reserves for the subsequent leaderships to squander.
I read this and i think it helped me um I liked that it was short and easy to read.
I purchased this book because I was young during WWI and didn't know everything about what happened and my step-father didn't talk about what he saw in Europe. So personal experiences from that time are important to read about. Since young people today don't get real history lessons in school, I think they should read the truth. Yes, I would recomment it to everyone.
This book is not without its failings but like Boyle's "The Tortilla Curtain" I gave it five stars for its excellent entertainment value coupled with wonderful writing.Published in 1975 and set in 1969 this book bubbles with picturesque observations and a penetratingly accurate portrayal of the differences between English Academia versus American Academia. Policeman Plod versus Sherriff Shlick.The book revolves around the exchange posting between two lecturers, one an American from California, Morris Zapp, and the other from the Midlands England, Philip Sparrow. David Lodge weaves a wonderful tapestry around the six months each lecturer spends in the other's campus. Albeit at times slightly over political with regard to the student unrest in the late 60's which is less of interest to today's reader, this novel is an excellent depiction of its period.Lodge's sharp wit comes to life very early and I especially enjoyed Zapp's surprise on learning that he was the only man of the 156 passengers aboard the charter flight to Heathrow. If you cannot guess why, read this wonderful novel and find out.
If you look at it from the proper perspective, this is a great book. The author describes the extreme. I know a guy who was the opposite extreme. He brought 3 pairs of shoes to the top of Half Dome. Most people are somewhere in the middle of those two extremes, and some people are more extreme than either end.This is a good book, especially for the beginner hiker. Read what it has to offer, and find your own place in the backpacking world.
My 3 1/2 year old loves this one, it's a fun read & she gets a laugh out of it too
Never in all my years of reading has 2 characters had me so emotionally involved in a book. The author has given us a vivid view of what true love can be and she did it beautifully. While I am sure not all of her history facts are absolutely true, she has given us the beginning of a series that captures your heart and emotions. One of the best books I have ever read and I am on the third book so with that said, I applaud her for creating such beauty in so many words.
This book is thick and long on detail.  Many have complained that it lacks adequate maps and that it does not focus enough on the men on the ground who built the railroad.It is unfortunate that the publisher did not do a better job making clear exactly what this book is about.  All of these complaints are true, but their stories are an aside to the topic of this book.  The chapters dealing with things like the Chinese who built the railroad and the social changes caused by their immigration feel tacked on and not true to the subject of this book.  Indeed all of the engineering and other gritty details about this great monument to ingenuity seem out of place because that is not what this book is about.What is it about?  The struggle for money, power, and the behind the scenes politics that went into the creation of the railroad.  If you are interested in finance or 19th century history, then you may really enjoy this book.  At its best, it focuses on the wealthy men who went from rich to supra-rich through this project.  Their personalities and personal beliefs are explored in great detail.I read this because of my interest in the comparisons often made between the railroads and the internet as market bubbles.  I learned a lot and was not at all disapointed.  Again, only read this if you want to know about the finance, the politics, and the persoanlities.
I ordered this book to do some research for my term paper and I can honestly say that it was very informative. I gave it 5 stars.
Intriguing concept of Richard III's life being mostly made up slander.  I did enjoy listening to this book. The reader was superb.
Why would a professional hit man kill a Salvation Army officer in the midst of a Christmas concert? And who could have ordered the hit? Harry Hole delves into this mystery with his usual style while also attempting to sober up and keep his higher ups at bay. An excellent read..
Camus is not writing about the plague, as graphic as some of the descriptions of disease may be. He is writing about the human spirit and how it deals not just with adversity but with absurdity. The least appropriate response to the plague is the most common -- that of banality. For many residents, life just goes on but becomes infinitely boring. For those who strive with evil and death, life becomes infinitely valuable and infinitely interesting. Think of Rieux, putting in his 20-hour days. Even the miscreant Cottard finds meaning in the plague; for him, it means that all the inhabitants are in the same situation as he is.Quite a remarkable work. A true classic.
Of course I remembered the mass suicides in Guyana at the Peoples Temple led by Jim Jones in 1978. However, I was busy at the time with three small children and didn't keep up with the news and analyses. I just happened upon this book used and picked it up. This is an analysis of what this author believes to be the causes of the event. Naipaul assumes that the reader knows what happened, when and where and begins with the interviews and analysis. I had to actually resort to wiki to catch up.Naipaul was born in Trinidad and educated both there and at University College, Oxford. This background of course influenced his perceptions and judgements about what happened, especially his experience as a person of Indian descent. He begins to tell the story of The People's Temple with historical background of Guyana. Naipaul is attempting to find out how this tragedy was allowed to happen in Guyana. He presents some interesting ideas, e.g. that the idea of third world countries is actually a concept put upon these countries by first world countries. He talks about the stereotype of the angry Black militant leaders (his term) who appear in these countries and makes reference to what he believes is influence on them by American Blacks who traveled to Africa. This power dynamic resulted in much discrimination in Guyana against non-Blacks and, I would argue Naipaul's own discrimination against Blacks both African and American. Jim Jones was a self-proclaimed Socialist who was indeed welcomed by the government of Guyana, who eventually turned away from American relationships and embraced the govt. of Cuba, the U.S.S.R. and other communist countries. A lot more information and background are given here, but this first section is basically setting the scene for the Temple's welcome to Guyana and the lack of oversight of the group by their host country, and the influence of Jones on the government of Guyana, as well as their coverup of the background of the horrific events that occurred there.Naipaul describes visits and interviews with many people, witnesses, experts, etc. He presents multiple sides of stories of events from many varied perspectives. There are no notes in the book, which I found to be more than a disappointment, only a bibliography. Although, he does seem to show lots of different perspectives and states that there is no explanation for how so many people who were part of this had different experiences and saw very different things. For example, there were many stories of abuse of Temple members, starvation, overwork and beatings. There were others who never witnessed any of that and described it all as a wonderful experience. Naipaul states that there are too many people who saw no abuse to be explained away by being kept from seeing it e.g. by not being allowed in certain areas. However, there are recordings of Jones preaching and rehearsals of mass suicide. The point is also made that many, many Temple members previously lived in terrible poverty and received no medical care, many were mentally ill, poorly educated although there were also some well educated and more knowledgeable members. In other words, for some, circumstances in Guyana that would be judged a nightmare to many would actually be a better experience than most of them had at home in the U.S.Naipaul extensively describes life in the U.S. and particularly California in the 60s and 70s as being receptive to and welcoming of a great variety of social experiments. He specifically talks about support for Jones from Black Panthers, American politicians such as Willy Brown, and many others. I found Naipaul's description and judgements to be a little harsh of California, although I often find California amusing myself, having lived there most of my life.Naipaul also claims that as the U.S. government realized the Socialistic threats made by the Temple, government agents began harassing the Temple, disrupting them, and discrediting them much as they did the Black Panthers in the same period. Some say they were threatened by what could have been public perception of a successful socialistic lifestyle.Revolutionary suicide is defined and described by Naipaul and attributed to this event at least as an explanation of how people were convinced to participate. I found this to be an interesting section and something I had not heard about in this regard. Naipaul describes how it almost becomes inevitable, or the only way out and as a powerful political statement, giving meaning and purpose to both the lives and deaths of people who perceive themselves to be powerless. Naipaul actually claims revolutionary suicide begins when the oppressed rises up and says no to his oppressor. It is seen as a positive action of resistance, comparable to self-immolation. He states that Che Guevara says that revolutionary death is the reality, not victory, which is the dream. All revolutionaries are doomed. Naipaul interviews Huey Newton and other Black Panthers and draws connections in this excerpt:"A linking of the Revolution with personal doom, forged in the twisted passions of Sergei Nechayev...touched up and romanticized by Che Guevara against the mountain scenery of Cuba and Bolivia, picked up by a former Oakland street boy Newton and given another little twist, ends up on the lips of Jim Jones in the Guyanese wilderness."There are many interviews and visits to Oakland and Guyana among other places, that make me listen to Naipaul and I do find his thesis fascinating. I do find this last description to be a bit of a stretch, especially considering that Jim Jones, whose mother believed she had given birth to a messiah was already killing small animals and acting out in other ways before he ever left Indiana to move his congregation to California.I was visiting Amish country in Illinois while finishing this book up, and kept making comparisons. I would also perceive Amish as revolutionary when compared to their surroundings and their removal of themselves from the main society of U.S. AND, they have been long-lasting. Wonder why.I am fascinated, ambiguous, and don't care much for Naipaul, as you could perhaps tell. Nevertheless, four stars for this ambitious work.
Who in the world has never heard of Sherlock Holmes?  From the time I was young I knew the name.  I was a lover of mystery novels from the time I received my first Nancy Drew book.  The thing was I never felt the need to pick up an actual book with Sherlock Holmes.  Never felt a need to watch any old Sherlock Holmes movies or TV. That being said I saw reviews for the BBC/PBS series Sherlock and was instantly in love.  The series has been amazing.  It has brought my to read my first classic Sherlock Holmes book.  Just was the foreword in this rendition by Benedict Cumberbatch said I was not disappointed.  I was happy for my kindle dictionary as some old English words I believed I knew the meaning, but was happy for confirmation.I really cannot say enough.  I really wish that this had been required reading when I was in school.  It was so much better then half the stuff that was required.
Darryl does a great job helping agents from the new beginner to the experienced agent who wants to reach the next level.
Typical of John Grisham's books, this story is completely gripping!  I read this from cover to cover completely held captive with his creative writing style.  You will love this book and your mouth will jaw will drop at the ending!! Anxiously awaiting John's next book...................Brenda
I reiterate the concepts expressed by the others in these well written reviews.  This book is for someone with familiarity and  technical expertise of both IP and Smart Objects.This is neither a Dummies Book, nor a "How-To".  However, if you have specific concerns and questions regarding the subject matter, this book is extremely informative, well written and helpful.  Also rate it highly. 5 stars.
The third person narrative of Frederick Forsyth's The Odessa File covers a 3 month period between November, 1963 and February, 1964.  It starts off with the discovery of a gut wrenchingly vivid diary kept by a WWII death camp survivor.Peter Miller, a young German reporter, finds the information revealed in the diary to be so compelling he decides to drop everything and assume the role of Nazi hunter.  Of particular interest to him is former SS Captain Eduard Roschmann, The Butcher of Riga, who now lives in West Germany hidden in plain sight under a false identity.With meticulous attention to detail Forsyth sets forth an exciting, multifaceted tale of international intrigue as Peter Miller pulls out all stops in pursuit of his quarry.This is a skillfully crafted novel deserving of nothing less than a 5 star rating.  Highly recommended.
Placed in a swanky home on Dark Avenue the orphans are under the care of the Squalors. He seems OK but she is obsessed with what's "in" and what isn't. This one comes shockingly close to becoming social commentary! Well, it's a great book in any case. It makes you want to see what happens next.
+++++This book's preface instructs, "Don't feel compelled to read this book from cover to cover" since it's meant for reading at a relaxed pace.  Guess what?  I DID read it from cover to cover!!Why did I do this?  Here are my reasons:(1) THE AUTHOR'S WRITING STYLE.  The author, Norrie Epstein, writes in a relaxed and leisurely but enthusiastic way making a somewhat difficult subject easy and enjoyable to read.  She writes for the intelligent, common reader who's tired of technical, academic (and patronizing!!) jargon.(2) THE BOOK'S ORGANIZATION.  The book progresses logically with general comments on the works of William Shakespeare (1564-1616) to discussing the man himself to looking at the Elizabethan stage and then lastly discussing the plays.  There is also a discussion of the Shakespearean sonnets.  Finally,  there is a fascinating end-discussion on the spin-offs that have resulted from Shakespeare's works (for example, music and films).(3) DISCUSSION OF PLAYS.  Not only are the popular ones discussed but the more obscure plays are also given attention.  The plays discussed are as follows: eight romantic comedies, eight histories, one "problem" play, seven tragedies, and one tragicomic romance.  All discussions are EASY to follow.  And don't worry.  There are NO boring plot summaries of the plays to read.For many of the plays, there is a "What to Look For In" section.  These informative sections highlight what is particularly significant in a play.  As well, a major Shakespearean character of a particular play may be highlighted and given more detailed attention.  For example, there are good, solid discussions of Shylock and Falstaff.(4) ILLUSTRATIONS AND PHOTOGRAPHS.  These are peppered throughout the book.  I especially liked the black-and-white photo of Patrick Stewart ("Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the starship Enterprise") dressed up as Shylock.(5) SIDEBARS.  These also occur throughout the book.  They highlight interesting bits of information that the author wants to bring to the reader's attention.  One of my favorite sidebars is an open letter a critic of the 1600s wrote to Shakespeare entitled "As I Don't Like It."  He commented on why he didn't like the play "As You Like It" (one of the Bard's best plays).(6) INTERVIEWS.  These are scattered throughout the book.  The author interviews people (such as actors) who have a passion for Shakespeare.  Notable interviews are with Kenneth Branagh and Ted Lange (of "Love Boat" fame).(7) TRIVIA.  And lots of it!!  This Shakespearean trivia occurs throughout the book.  For example, what does Shakespeare's epitaph say?  Or, what Shakespearean character was Orson Welles' life ambition to play?Finally, the big question: who is this book written for?  Answer: for both novices and Shakespearean scholars--in short, everybody who is interested in the Bard.I must confess that I thought I knew a lot about Shakespeare and his works.  Was I wrong!!  This book opened my eyes to how much I did not know.In conclusion, after you read this book, you'll probably be like me and say, "What a piece of work was this man William Shakespeare!"+++++
Another great story in the series. These books guarantee great mystery and adventure. Another hard to put down reading experience.
You just have to love this guy. Too bad he left the Yankees and the game. He had a good career in baseball being in the company of the great ones in the game. This book is full of great anecdotes. Great cover. He can say just as much with his face as with his words so you still have to read the book. It is toughly enjoyable.
Not only is this book a favorite classic but the cover is amazing.  The pictures online do not do it justice.  Not only will it be a wonderful read but I will display it...like a work of art.  I do embroider and so I fully appreciate the authenticity of this cover.
This is a collection of project disasters with an eye towards the major project management failures rather than the technical issues. Though many of these have been previously published, the assembly is worth price of the  book. This will be is valuable for anybody involved in high-level decision  making on mission-critical (and smaller) IT/Internet software projects. If  you want to educate your boss on why you can't begin work without clear  objectives, scope, senior management involvement, etc., a few of these  stories should clear his/her head. All the B-to-B internet hubs run by  consortia should read this or be ready to end up in vol II.
Whan I wrote my tenth book "Human Side of Management" my friends told me that book on "normal human behaviour in business environment" will not work. Ethics is unknown word among Croatian businessmen (or anywhere around the World), they said. Six months later whole first edition (2000 copies) is sold and second edition is on the way (bare in mind, Croatia has only 4,2 million inhabitants). Many copies were bought as a business gift to colleagues or bosses.Therefore, book "Winners Never Cheat" was a great support and confirmation for me, showing that people are the same around the world - some want to do business according to ethical rules, without cheating and with respect to other people and some always has an excuse that lying and cheating is necessary because everyone else is doing business that way. Fortunatelly, world market is big enough so one can find his own "blue sea nitche", show knowledge and skills, win without cheating...and sleep like a baby.
I had to buy this book as required reading for a religious  studies class.  The material covers some pretty obscure and outdated topics, but hit on most of the main topics in class. This book is the best of the 3 religious studies books I have used thus far.
I thought this was a great book about a part of the world about which I know not enough, South Africa
Could he keep it going at the same level? Was it as compelling as Book 1? The answer is yes to both questions. I loved this book but a tiny bit less that Book 1. The themes maybe, but still a must.Karl Ove was in Australia in June for the Sydney Writers Festival and his interviews and vodcasts are super interesting. Great book about the human condition. Highly recommended.
Ok, let me start by stating that because this is "the shortest mainstream calculus" text out there, it does _not_ mean this has less value. It would _seem_ to be so, but this is the exception to the rule where shorter texts means dumber texts.Explaining mathematics is a bit of an art: you have to choose in what sequence things are to be layed out to the reader, so this means you have to choose how you will relate the explanations to one another. The Purcell I read (the 1st edition - it was my dad's) is quite masterfull at that. Often, when my college standard text got the explanations too verbose and confused, I looked for my Purcell copy and there it was, crystal clear: short, mathematically rigorous, to the point.(I don't give 5s to any but very exceptional books)
Surprisingly enough, I began this novel after reading Jay McInerney's Bright Lights, Big City.  McInerney opens his urban odyssey with a brilliant (paraphrased) quote from The Sun Also Rises:"How did you go broke?" Bill asks."Two ways," Mike said.  "Gradually and then suddenly."A great read following say, a Farewell to Arms or In Our Time.  The War may be over, but many personal battles are still being fought.  The two main characters, I argue, are Jake Barnes, who narrates the novel and whose cynicism renders A Farewell to Arms Lt. Henry seem like Mister Rogers and Robert Cohn, whose description which screams him as a thinly veiled portrait of F. Scott Fitzgerald ushers in the opening of the novel.  Why is the aforementioned Cohn such a central figure to this novel?  I mean, here's a character who's generally disliked, he may be intelligent, ambitious, but his personality can best be described as cold, distant, and capricious.  I believe that Hemingway is trying to come to terms with his relationship with F. Scott Fitzgerald, the other literary great, just as much as Hemingway's Jake Barnes is trying to come to terms with himself and his somewhat awkward disability.In retrospect, and after considerable reflection, I found The Sun Also Rises to be an "expose" of the duality of personality, with each character two characters in one, the outward personality we all utilize to some extent to hide the hidden psyche containing our insecurities and fears.  We really cannot escape our worst enemy, ourselves, by perpetually running away, as the novel's centerpiece, The Expedition to Pamplona, is an excursion within an excursion, and even then the characters still have to face themselves and each other.Who could argue that Papa's prose is not as perfect as it could possibly be?
I am in awe of the fictional writers of the Roman Empire: Graves, McCullough, Saylor, Harris and many others.  Steeped in the history, they can envision the time and bring it alive.  Each of the novels I have read by these authors has brought me more in touch with some element of the complex culture of the time.Here, through a speculative treatment on how Cicero became a "new man", Harris shows us how elections took place and how corruption, for which this society was known, infected them.  Harris also deals with issues of class and the entrenched attitudes about status.  Through Cicero's rise we learn and these issues affected politics after Sula and the Civil War.We also get a plausible portrait of Cicero, how he thought and what motivated him.I highly recommend this for anyone who has interest in this historical period.
Great characters, brilliant writing, and the ability to make a time period come to life, are hallmarks of this wonderful writer.This story contains all the elements of a cozy mystery turned Gothic. The house and setting are fascinating, but she doesn't allow them to take over the story. I especially loved the way she so gradually revealed it's secrets as the plot called for it. Her ability to mix normal, everyday life with the fantastic, (and sometimes, the absurd), and make us believe it, is a true gift!The romance is understated, but deftly handled. Ms Heyer doesn't need to graphically spell out every step for us, as too many writers today seem compelled to do. With a few words exchanged, searching looks, a kiss on the hand...she makes us hope for the best ending for the would-be lovers, and there is no doubt there will be.Ms Heyers stories always have a "Happy Ever After" ending. It's the journey there that make reading her stories such a treat!
The book is done, I found myself weeping on the plane (@!) and I am so sad it is over. I want back into the story. A compelling, dedicated, precise and lyrical writer.
Writing doesn't get any funnier than this. Readers who find deep vein humour in black, sexual comedy such as Portnoy's Complaint and (even blacker), Lolita, will revel in Money. The unreliable narrator, John Self is a brilliantly drawn character. Physically and emotionally repulsive, materialistic, a string of unwholesome vices - drugs, porn, fast food, dirty women and most of all money, and a stunning voice which is at one yobbish yet shamefully poetic.In fact, Martin Amis has declared this to be a voice novel. When form goes out the window and the voice takes over. Like Saul Bellow finding his broad, socially and intellectually panoramic style in The Adventures of Augie March, Amis finds the voice to skewer the absurditites of Western Urban Capitalism, and the disorientated place of the modern male within the system. Money contains so many of the classic Amis riffs and set pieces - the tennis match, the dinner party, the brothel visits, the porn shows - as John Self is put through one humiliation after another in his pursuit of Mammon. The comic detail is stunning. There are so many exquisite phrases. Amis learns from another of his major literary heroes, Nabokov, and distorts the aesthetic, baroque high style into a low life screamer of a book. Marvellous.
Writers are frequently told to summarize the entire plot of their book into one sentence; it is indeed an excellent exercise. That being the case, 'Pride goeth before a fall&quot; could be the condensed theme of this dazzling mystery by the late Boston attorney, Kate Ross.The book jacket claims her detective, Julian Kestrel, as a worthy addition to the ranks of the 12th Century Brother Cadfael and the 1920's Lord Peter Wimsey, excellent company indeed. Kestrel is an inhabitant of London in the 1820s; a dandy lacking a gentleman's education, family, title or riches. During that era, faade was all important, when hours might be spent in tying one's cravat just so. Perhaps ten years after the self-exile of Beau Brummel, style over substance was still given too much emphasis.This first novel is redolent with the sights, sounds and smells of the era, as we've come to know it from the books of Jane Austen and Georgette Heyer. Two years before the beginning of this book, Kestrel is the unwilling victim of a pickpocket.  Because the theft was of a valuable (although only to him) pocket-watch, Kestrel chases the thief and finally brings the miscreant down with a well-placed toss of his walking stick.Impressed with the Cockney lad's sense of personal integrity--he made no excuses for himself, but accepted his fate stoically--Kestrel refuses to press charges, and takes the lad into his employ. Dipper becomes a valet, but bemoans to his new employer, &quot;When you got a gift, even if it was the Devil give it to you, you get a hankering to use it now and again.&quot; It is only by a brief return to the underworld of Dipper's London to uncover information available nowhere else that Kestrel is able to solve the mystery presented to him during a stay at Bellegarde, for centuries the country home of the Fontclairs.Kestrel is not burdened with the pride of the Fontclairs. Good thing, too. They have more than enough for the entire country.  It is easy to understand why England has been invincible for centuries with just this kind of back-bone, which prizes personal honour above all, while seemingly ignoring the deception and lust which lay just under the surface.Kestrel had rescued the Fontclair scion, Hugh, from a gambling den one night, and then, to his surprise, is invited to be groomsman for Hugh's upcoming wedding. The bride, Maud Craddock, and her father, along with Kestrel are the only outsiders present. Hugh's parents, Sir Robert and Lady Cecily; his uncle, Sir Geoffrey, a retired colonel lamed during Boney's war; and his son, (who is also Hugh's cousin,) Guy, and Lady Catherine, Robert and Geoffrey's sister, along with a young woman, Isabelle, who is actually cousin to Sir Robert rather than Hugh, make up the family. Lady Catherine has a husband and a home of her own, but she much prefers Bellegarde. She was, after all, born a Fontclair.Lady Catherine is so prideful and bitter, she becomes the most obvious choice of villain; the wonderful character whom one loves to hate. On the other hand, Sir Geoffrey, who is responsible for the situation that makes a marriage by blackmail possible, is so wounded, both physically and emotionally, that you hope he is somehow found innocent, even when proof upon proof of his involvement is provided.Maud and Hugh are tentatively drawn to each other, but the burden of the arranged marriage, the failure of which can only lead to the downfall of the Fontclairs, nearly destroys them, not to mention the balance of the family. Lady Catherine, spitting and spiteful, has hoped for an alliance between Hugh and Isabelle, but Isabelle has always been drawn to the carefree, penniless Guy, who is barely aware of her existence.The mystery comes when an uninvited and unidentified young woman is found, having been stabbed to death, in Kestrel's assigned bed. Without fingerprints, chemical analysis, or any of the other resources known to today's Scotland Yard, Kestrel sets out to discover not only who she was, but why she was left in his bed.Ms. Ross skillfully keeps track of her myriad characters, and the somewhat sprawling plot; the denouement is a surprise. Her use of the language of the time provides a wonderful and colorful image of what the London and England must have been like during that age of elegance. This book is elegance personified.
Kerouac's Big Sur, written after his mega-success with On The Road, could be argued as a very dark, depressing read. On the contrary, I found it very revealing about one of my favorite writers, and his frame of mind at the time.Given the opportunity to seclude himself from his friends, fame, and drinking to excess in the cabin of a friend, Kerouac sinks into a sort of paranoia and anxiety, and finally gives in to his impulse to return to 'civilization'....and then proceeds to invite a group back to the cabin, leading him to realize that his most recent affair was with a girl he didn't actually love.The most fascinating aspect of this novel, to me, is not the horrific volume of drinking Kerouac does at this stage of his life, but in the fact that though he was put off by his fame, and being dubbed 'the King of the Beats', and at being hounded by ardent fans who wanted to merely be in his presence...he couldn't stand the isolation.Also of interest to me was the 'honesty' he put into his feelings about the actions of his fans...they say 'imitation is the sincerest form of flattery', but Kerouac seemed to think just the opposite...and all but told his fans/readers to 'get a life' in several passages of the book.  Those in his industry, who rely so heavily on fan-support rarely ever are so vocal about their distaste for those same fans, without a severely negative impact on their sales.An excellent read, though if you are looking for 'uplifting', spiritually awakening wisdom from the 'king of the beats', look elsewhere. This book is a downward spiral into the darker recesses of Kerouac's alcohol-induced delirium.
Stone and Kuznick state right in the Introduction that our country has done much good in the world, but we already know about that. Their purpose is to document our less creditable actions, the stuff that our Fearless Leaders and their academic & journalistic sycophants don't want us to know.Much of the material in the book has already been covered by Chomsky and the late, great Howard Zinn. But Stone & Kuznick are better writers.If you're at all interested in what's been done to us, and to others in our name, this book will inform you.
Engrossing and out of the ordinary but drags and is repetitious toward the end of the story.
Not only have I read The Fusion Marketing Bible by Lon Safko, I loved the book so much that I requested to interview Lon and have him on my radio show!This is the only marketing book that I follow and design my entire online/offline marketing strategy.The techniques offered by Safko in this book is revolutionary and will not only change the way you think and do marketing, but it will yield instant results and feedback that for the small business owner could not afford to do.If you are serious about being competitive in today's evermore crowded internet market, Fusion Bible should be the second bible you have by your night stand!
I have enjoyed all of the Georgette Heyer novels I've read thus far. She wrote several of the best Regency novels out there and her sense humor is only second to Jane Austen. I have always compared Heyer to Austen because there are some similarities in the writing, for it is obvious that Jane Austen was a major influence on this author. And it especially shows in this wonderful offering. Sprig Muslin is the best Heyer novel I've read thus far. The wit and comic timing are pure genius and the storyline is very unique and keeps you wondering how it would end all the way till the final pages. Sir Gareth Ludlow is ready to get married years after his beloved Clarissa's death. He has finally agreed with his sister that he should take a wife and produce an heir. However, the handsome and sought-after bachelor is more inclined to choose duty over love and would rather pick a plain wife. So he chooses Lady Hester Theale as his future wife. Lady Hester is unremarkable in every sense -- plain, safe and an old maid at twenty-nine. They both agree on a marriage of convenience and not love... until the wild, spirited and creative runaway who goes by the name of Amanda Smith comes along. He finds the lively seventeen-year-old on his way to see Lady Hester in Brancaster (her estate). This strange woman would have him embark upon a unique adventure that he'd never envisaged, and in the process makes him rethink his previous thoughts on marriage. There are many twists throughout the novel.I love, love, LOVE this novel! I was riveted and enthralled from beginning to end and I turned the pages until the wee hours of the night wondering how the story would end. I loved the ending. It left me all warm and fuzzy inside. The Regency setting, like in the other three Heyer novels I'd read (The Grand Sophy, The Convenient Marriage and Lady of Quality), comes alive here with all of the beautiful and precise descriptions that make historical novels all the more vivid. And the author's sense of humor makes everything all the better. You feel as though you're reading something similar to Pride and Prejudice or Emma. The characters are wonderful. Hester is portrayed as quite a bland woman, but I liked her and she deserved a happy ending all her own. Gareth is a wonderful hero, not overly rakish or smug like most Regency heroes. His decision to marry out of duty and not love is due to his undying love for Clarissa and that endeared him to me. Amanda is hard to take at times. She is so over the top in some scenes that I wish I could somehow strangle her. The stories she made up annoyed me in some occasions. Sometimes she reminded me of Sophy Stanton-Lacy from The Grand Sophy. Despite the fact that I thought the ending was somewhat rushed and abrupt, I thought it was wonderful and I loved how everything was resolved. My one disappointment here are the spoilers from the author intros. Skip the intros if you don't want them to ruin the story for you. They almost ruined it for me. Other than that, Sprig Muslin is the epitome of excellent romance writing. I cannot recommend this gem enough.
I loved the plot and the author's writing style. It's an easy read and good for teens to read too. I'm not going to give away any of the plot, but I loved how the author displayed the main character's mental handicap. Beautifully written.
Across Five Aprils obviously brings you through five aprils.It also brings you into the realm of the mid 1800's through the eyes of a low class child from the north,Jethro Creighton.Whats great about the plot is the sake of realism with bits of unbelievable events that stir the drama up.Keep in mind this is a childrens book so it doesn't go too in-depth.The depth offered though isn't bad as it's a fairly short book.Jethro Creighton is an average boy growing up during  a war.His brothers get sent off to war causing controversy.Jethros household becomes very unstable and soon he ends up doing tasks as tough as his father Matt Creighton.This book emphasizes the fact that he had too grow up during a difficult point in history and needed to mature faster then others his age.It shows the wisdom that he obtains in those 4 years and how his opinions on war change.Across Five Aprils has some of the most diverse characters truly showing it's ok too be different and stand up for what you believe in much like Bill Creighton and his joining to the reb side.Besides following Jethro's life you get filled in on some historical events and some of the brutal battles that took place as the campaign marched onward to much of Americas destruction and the death of a memorable president.The only issue i noticed with this book is the pace, at sometimes it will hit you with all these massive issues, and other times it moves so sluggishly that at the end of a chapter you are bored out of your mind.With all that in mind this is a really great and many learn to aprreciate this book them ore they read it much like how i did.
On March 31, 2002, Ian McEwan's ATONEMENT debuted at #4 on the New York Times Hardcover Fiction bestseller list, ranking just behind distinctly non-literary fare by Patterson, Grisham, and Steele. The fact that people are buying such a beautiful book as ATONEMENT, in such HUGE numbers, almost single-handedly has restored my faith in the reading tastes of the American public.READ THIS BOOK, AND LEARN WHAT TRULY GREAT LITERATURE IS ALL ABOUT!!
Boik's term "Monster Stocks" refers to stocks that have at least doubled in price within 18 months. This book describes the practical application of a set of rules for identifying and profiting from such high-growth stocks. These rules involve criteria both for a stock's fundamentals, and subtle details of price and volume action of the stock and of the general market.What I liked about the book is that it profiles about 30 such stocks as brief case studies, which include the chart basing setups that may have been evident, key points and characteristics of corrections during the stock's growth, and indications that presaged of the end of their run-ups. These are accompanied with annotated charts of relevant market indices and of the stocks profiled. The attendant commentary on these particular growth stocks and the events in the markets allowed me to learn by comparing the rules to how I would have reacted in the same situation. Most of the examples occur during the period 1996 through 2006.Much of the methodology aligns with and makes mention of the Investor's Business Daily rules as described in their educational material and in Bill O'Neil's books. This book builds on IBD's teachings in that it uses the methods to focus on the special case of stocks that at least double in price including the psychological challenges, buying and pyramiding tactics, and the significance of moving-average support.Boik describes methods that are relatively simple, but adds that the attention to detail and discipline required is not easy. I know from experience that many of us will find it difficult to make a large commitment to a high-growth stock, at least in its early stages, because the characteristics go against much of the conventional wisdom. Many investors will sell such a stock when it makes violent corrections - only to watch it make new highs soon thereafter. Similarly, it takes great discipline to act on the various warning signs and sell even though the stock is making successive new highs and the fundamentals have never been better. Boik does a reasonable job of explaining the details of what to observe, and rules by which to buy, add more, sell or hold these stocks through such observations. Among other things, the rules limit your risk and provide assurance when holding such stocks during their growth phase.The book concludes with a Monster Stock finding and handling template, and a summary of the Monster Stock rules.A criticism that led me to rate this book four stars instead of five was that the writing style tended to be wordy and repetitive, making the book longer than it needed to be. Also, the graphics were sometimes difficult to follow, and required some study before I was able to relate them to the text. I was able to endure this however, and found a lot of valuable content.I can also recommend the following to those wanting more on growth stock investing:The Zurich Axioms'' by Max Gunther 1985Reminiscences of a Stock Operator by Edwin Lefevre 1923How to Trade in Stocks by Jesse Livermore 1940How to Make Money in Stocks by William J. O'Neil 2009The Successful Investor by William J. O'Neil 2004 (*a true gem)Trader Vic - Methods of a Wall Street Master by Victor Sperandeo 1991, 1993The Market Wizard series of three books by Jack D. Schwager
Prioritizing the building blocks of life - family, work, money and time - is paramount to happiness. Some people do it unconsciously by living within their intellectual and monetary expectations. Others need a framework for balance, such as the one that authors A. Roger Merrill and Rebecca R. Merrill provide. To achieve personal balance, the authors suggest becoming a better team player, working more effectively, learning about finances and setting home and work priorities. They establish the goal of building a strong family, centered around parental "family leadership." Do they successfully address the knotty issues they raise? Yes, in a folksy way. This is a useful self-help manual with checklists, self-assessments and personal anecdotes, which are sometimes touching, but sometimes impractical or saccharine. Though the management advice dons motivational language, the sections on family and work are particularly worthwhile. The authors deliver a solid antidote to misplaced modern values, albeit wrapped in some fluffy trappings. We recommend this book to corporate officers and human resource personnel, as well as to individuals seeking balance.
I don't reread books, but I have just started the Outlander series for the FIFTH time.  I read a few dozen books..... Then come back to Jamie and Claire.  I just can't get enough.I love the history that the story is built around.  The characters are so real.Read it.
I lOVE THIS BOOK; NEW WAY OF COOKING FOR ME BUT OH SO SATISFYING. THANKS MARIKA THIS ONE SHOULD BE IN EVERY COOK'S LIBRARY OF COOKBOOKS. IT'S IN MINE NOW!
"Of Human Bondage" was my very first W. Somerset Maugham book and I was hooked. Perhaps because someone I knew reminded me of Philip Carey (and his obsessive attachment to Mildred). One thing is certain, Maugham's masterful painting of human emotions with words can evoke tears from a cold rock.
Salt.  It's the one rock we eat.  Too much salt can kill you; not enough can kill you, too.  Until recent times, when modern geology literally unearthed the world's abundance of salt, salt was the Holy Grail. More than gold, it was salt that everyone was after.Nearly every Roman city was built near salt works.  Rome itself was built in the hills behind a saltworks at the mouth of the Tiber River.  Two of the great city-states of the Middle Ages--Venice and Genoa--grew rich by monopolizing the salt trade.Salt was a form of money.  The origin of the word "salary" is salt, as in "worth his salt" and "earning his salt."  The Latin word "sal" became the French word "solde," meaning pay, which is the origin of the word "soldier."  The Romans salted their greens, which is the origin of the word "salad."Salt was put into everything, into cream to make butter, into milk curd to make cheese, and into meat and especially fish as a preservative. Salt brine made olives palatable and ham delectable.  The ancient Egyptians used salt to mummify bodies.  In the middle ages, salt was used to cure leather, clean chimneys, solder pipes, and as medicine to cure a number of ailments.Thousands of years of coveting, fighting over, hoarding, taxing, and forever searching for salt seems somehow foolish today.  But is it any more foolish than coveting, fighting over, hoarding, taxing, and forever searching for oil?Author Mark Kurlansky weaves a fascinating story that has something to enlighten and delight readers on nearly every page. Yes, there are a lot of recipes.  If they're a bother, skip `em.  Just don't let it stop you from buying this book.  Five stars.
This is one of the three bests books I've ever read.  Better than anything I've ever read, this captures the tension between ideas, action, and human relationships.  Bellow's prose is packed and his characters here are unforgettable.
I really, really enjoyed this book but I was disappointed when one of the authors decided to mention that George Eliot's face resembled a horse, or when he said that she was a "strong-minded lady," especially when he did not feel compelled to make those kinds of observations about any of the many male authors included in the book. Despite those complaints - and a few other similarly unsettling moments - excellent read!
I read this book for a summer class, and was therefore under a strict time constraint.  Had I read it more leisurely, I may well have dropped the book as too much work for a casual read.I'm very, very glad I stuck with it.At first, the book's use of Pikuni concepts to describe common objects like the sun, moon, and animals is a bit disconcerting:  the extra layer of decoding can be daunting, and I'm still not sure what a couple of the animals were supposed to be (I'm from New York, and plead ignorance regarding Western wildlife).  However, a third of the way into the book I found myself hooked, and found that language decision to have been an effective means of drawing me into the characters and situations.Other reviews address the historical context of the book.  Look at [the internet] to get an idea of the events this book will cover, with more or less detailed attention to historical accuracy.I came at it from a perspective of empathy and entertainment.  The title character is very human, and rife with embarassing little secrets that allow us to identify with his struggles.  Other characters are particularly human, and demonstrate the negative effects of bottling up secrets versus the positive side of sharing them and facing one's failings.I suppose this review doesn't make sense without having read the book, which makes it a failure as a review.  Well, here are some positive aspects of the book:  Visceral confrontations will make your heart pound; Conflicting perspectives of 19th-century Euro-American western expansion will make your head pound; The cruelty of individuals among both the Pikuni and the Napikwan (whites) will make your heart ache.If you find Native American culture at all fascinating, read this book.  If you don't know a whit about Native American culture, read this book.  If you've been turned off to Native American culture due to your school system's inadeqate handling of their perspective, read this book.
This is what this book is best at.  It may not give you a key or a set of keys to trade successfully, but it definitely reminds you of how you can lose without following the rules. May be basic to some old timers, but not many old timers will have time to write a book like this. Someone commented it is depressing, too realistic ...  But it is better to find realistics in a book than in the market.I trade more in FX market and find it applies just as good.  Almost in every chapter and every page I found things that I either not know yet or know already by unpleasant trading experiences.You can skip this book only if you are sure that you cannot be wrong or you have a deep pocket to learn the same in the market.
This book was challenged because it was deemed obscene and depressing and for dealing with adolescent suicide.  I don't understand how not talking about suicide will prevent teens from attempting to take away their lives.  In fact, it is not talking which causes Conrad to attempt suicide in the first place.  The story begins after Conrad is back from the institution he lived in after his suicide attempt and how he tries to reintegrate himself into his family and his school life.  His new sense of his world makes him keenly aware of how much is not talked about and how his life is mostly appearances.  Look happy and keep quiet.  But, he can no longer live this way.  Interesting book to read with &quot;I had not meant to tell you this&quot;-a book that also revolves around secrets and not talking. My only concern is that it is told both from the perspective of Conrad and of his father, and I wonder if the students would be interested in the fathers point of view.  More appropriate for older readers, 8th grade and above.
Very fun and nasty satire of brokerage houses written by a briefly former insider. It's more of a fictional sociological study of the men and few women bond brokers of a San Francisco brokerage house. Standard types are  presented, along with the motivations that drive them, and the lies by  which they unload dubious securities. In all this Bronson is really going  after the entire system which allows firms to profit massively from insane  schemes and financial failures. Everything goes wacky at Atlantic Pacific  when a new, young salesman appears on the floor. He ignores the rules, has  the nature of a master salesman, and throws the system in a tizzy. It's all  pretty over the top, but fun stuff with more than a kernel of truth.
This is my current book club reading, so I have not yet finished it - just half-way thru.  It took a while to get going as Bellow throws so many characters, information and words at the reader very quickly.  It is a seminal book, the first of its kind stylistically. Augie's street origins combined with his erudition  (my friend from Bklyn tells me there were many like him at City College in NY) was unique.  I like Bellow's other books a lot, but this one, an early one, stands on its own.
You may have heard about Salman Rushdie.  You might indeed know of his controversial flight for his safety and the famous million dollar price tag for his life.  Some of you may even have notions of his goodness or lack thereof.  It would, in my humble opinion, be doing yourself a favor of the highest order to reconsider.  Set aside those ideas you may have of the man himself, dip your toes into Rushdie's magical sea and just allow yourself to be transported nimbly into another place and time.  A mythical, magical, fanciful tale woven out of a brilliant imagination and crafted from the finest language.  It is simply a delight and coincidentally one of my most favored books.
How can any teenager not relate in some way to Holden Caulfield?This is what makes this book so awesome. It's simple, easy to follow, and totally universal. In high school Holden was the only person I'd ever "met" who really understood things. It's great that other kids have similar experiences with this book, and because of it, like me, get turned onto literature. I think Salinger has communicated the adolescent experience like no other person ever has.
I LOVED this book!  As a woman, who would not want to be loved as Florentino Ariza loved Fermina Daza.  And what woman would not  identify with Fermina's proud reluctance to give of herself until she knew that she was truly loved?  But what makes this book more important is the poetic and insightful MANNER in which the author views women.  He reaches into the depth of total womanhood  - not only Fermina Daza's - but ALL the other women we meet in his life.  Not all are beautiful, not all are wonderful, but all are unique and alive becauseMarquez incites our interest and intrigues.  And note the dedication to his wife, &quot;For Mercedes, of course.&quot;What I also think is wonderful about this book is the descriptive narrative of the relationship between Fermina Daza and her husband, Dr. Juvenal Urbino. Marquez knows about long-time marriage and the irritations that occur; he also knows how petty disagreements can cause big ruptures; and, finally, the interdependency between a couple in spite of themselves.  In essence, he knows people and when people aren't interesting enough in themselves, he knows how to embellish and create a work of art.Finally, Marquez reminds each of us of the impact of decisions made in our youthful naivete which determine the course of our lives.
Excellent delivery time; book was in top notch condition.
Instant Cashflow outlines specific methods that entrepreneurs can use to achieve business success, focusing primarily on Sugars' innovative marketing and sales strategies. In his conversational, matter-of-fact tone, Sugars explains how entrepreneurs of any level can implement his sales and marketing strategies to dramatically increase their company's cashflow.You are able to follow any of the "282 Tips to Make it Happen" in order to turn your business into a mechanism that allows you to live the type of life you always dreamt of living.Instant Cashflow doesn't just teach professionals how to succeed; it redefines success and puts it within the reach of global small business owners.This book is a must read for any business owner.
John Grisham is another old time favorite.  The Street Lawyer will give you all the lawyer drama we always expect from John Grisham plus it gives us a look into the lives of the homeless here in our nation.Michael Brock along with a number of his colleagues were held hostage by "Mister" a recently evicted/homeless man.  That fateful day changes Michael's life significantly.  All of a sudden working in a large law firm with a partnership already at his grasp was not important.  He sought out the reasons for Mister's actions.  He visited soup kitchens, shelters and met the street people.  He also met Mordecai Green a street lawyer for the homeless who needed another lawyer to work with him at his free legal clinic.  Michael Brock eventually left his high rise office and his rich clients to serve/help poverty stricken clients in an office in a poor neighborhood.I would recommend this book.  Politically sensitive readers be aware that there is a sentence that goes "thanks to republicans" and another goes "because of republicans".  Otherwise, it is a great story with the ability to make you think twice about our priorities.
This book starts slowly but it is still compelling. I found myself lost in the life of cotton farmers and a young boy's adventures as he learns about life. As the story neared the end I couldn't help but feel all the emotions of this family as they did what they needed to do to survive. I also learned a thing our two about the life of a farmer. It is a book well worth reading.
Michael Crichton seems to have a fixation with authentic amusement parks.  That was the theme in JURASSIC PARK and we encounter it again in TIMELINE.  The wrinkle this time is that history is involved.  Through some complicated make-believe theories of physics involving quantum mechanics and black holes, it is possible to return in time to the middle ages.  This happens to some of the historians funded by a corporation, working at an archeological site in France, who know very little about the other enterprises of the corporation. There is a portrait of a genius company founder with zero social skills.  There is a compelling adventure story given with much imagination.  The book contains a bibliography of mostly historical references.
I'd have to give this one a slightly lower cheer than the other of the pair if I was forced to see the two as separate works.  Pastures of Heaven and The Long Valley are a matched set in the Steinbeck library.  The two should probably be included together as a single work.  It's difficult to separate the two books because they overlap so.  With a writer of the Steinbeck sort a reader might experience difficulty declaring, "This is my favorite."  I agree completely.  However, if John Steinbeck had never written Of Mice and Men, Tortilla Flat, Cannery Row, Sweet Thursday, and Travels with Charlie, I'd probably have to say Pastures of Heaven and The Long Valley are my favorites.
At the end of the first Toby Peters mystery,Bullet for a Star: A Toby Peters Mystery (Book One) (Toby Peters Mysteries (Paperback)), our hero receives a call from Judy Garland which sees him heading to MGM. The Wizard of Oz finished ages ago, but the set is still standing and, when Judy Garland is asked to meet someone there, she finds a dead munchkin on the yellow brick road.This series, set in Hollywood, is great fun. When Peters goes to interview witnesses who saw two costumed munchkins fighting that morning, they include Victor Fleming (director of "Wizard of Oz" and "Gone With the Wind") and Clark Gable. When the head of the studio himself asks Peters to investigate and rescue MGM from bad publicity, he heads out to discover why the two were in costume and why someone ended up dead. Then someone tries to kill him and Judy Garland is also in danger. Another enjoyable romp around the movie studios, with lots of fun cameos, including some help from Raymond Chandler. The third in the series isYou Bet Your Life: A Toby Peters Mystery (Book Three), should you want to read on. I certainly will be and I bet you will too, if you give this great series a try.
I loved this book, its an evil genius cookbook to delivering the best presentation in the world.  if your in business and need to sell an idea this should be in your library!
This book will be an excellent resource whether you are a psychiatry resident of a third year medical student doing your psychiatry rotation. It is well organized and easy to read. By Gregg L. Friedman MD, Psychiatrist, Hallandale Beach, FL
Much like the wonderfully written Forrest Gump, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time puts you in the mind of the protagonist and forces you to read with their mentality. As you read this book, you can't help but begin to think like an autistic and develop a wonderful appreciation for what it's like to live with autism.Centered around the death of a neighbor's dog and the subsequent false accusations and ensuing investigation, the book becomes a roller coaster of emotions as the reader feels joy on one page only to be replaced with sorrow on the next and then celebration on the next.In the end, this book is a wonderful celebration of those living with autism and should be mandatory reading for all those who are not so that we can all better understand the truths and falsehoods about what we believe autism to be.
Wrongfully convicted of murder, Sirius - the luminary who inhabits the Dog Star near Orion's Belt - is banished to Earth to live as a dog.  To prove his innocence, he must find his "Zoi" - a powerful luminary's tool and the supposed murder weapon lost on Earth - before his short dog's life expires.  After his first owners try to drown him, Sirius is rescued by a young girl named Kathleen, who lives with an abusive aunt and neglectful uncle and their two unpredictable sons.  Kathleen and Sirius's fates intertwine as Sirius struggles to remember his past and overturn his conviction, and Kathleen vies for equality and survival while awaiting her father's release from prison.Diana Wynne Jones's Dogsbody (Greenwillow Books: 1977) captures the pain, joy, and final dilemma of growing up through the metaphor of Sirius lamenting, then engaging, and ultimately celebrating his dual nature as a "warm, stupid dog" and as the brightest star in the night sky.  Delighting in sensory detail, Jones transports the reader inside Sirius the dog, who is "rather exceptional," as he learns English, makes war and peace with cats, escapes his yard to roam freely through town, investigates tantalizing scents, begs for hamburgers and donuts, lies lovelorn outside the gate of a female in heat, and above all, develops a fierce love and loyalty for his young mistress, Kathleen.  Jones complements Sirius's dog days with his growing awareness of his destiny as a great luminary in a universe animated with powerful forces reminiscent of elemental pagan gods.  The Earth, the Sun, the Moon, and the Stars abide by strict scientific laws and mythical codes of conduct that endow the story with a timeless beauty and gravity.  Jones's complex, bittersweet novel fulfills readers with a unique worldview, multiple compelling storylines, unforgettable characters, and rich sensory detail that invite the reader to investigate the faintest scent dancing on the breeze while imagining the power and freedom of life as a majestic luminary in a universe that never seemed more alive.
I am a Lean Six Sigma Master Black Belt and always looking for materials on performance improvement and process change.  This is a good book to have in your library.  Have used it several times as I prepare training materials for my clients.  Vendor was great and the book was in excellent condition.  Thank you.
I have been reading the Sharpe series "mostly in order".  Sharpe's Sword, to my taste, was the best so far.  Cornwell had really matured as a writer by this time. I would not have expected a description of a near-fatal wound and its effects on a character we absolutely KNOW is going to survive to be so riveting and stirring.  As always, Cornwell's closing historical note is like dessert after a fine meal, or perhaps more correctly like the moment where a magician steps back to reveal his secrets -- and you're left more in awe than ever, wondering, "How does he do it?"I keep lists of the 20 to 40 books I read each year (anal, eh?), and this is the first in years I've given a full 5 stars.  (I even forgive Mr. Cornwell now for the only regrettable book in the series so far, "Sharpe's Battle".)  Highly recommended.
this was a really cool memoire of a journy to faith and beyond.
This novel contains all the elements that reverberate through Goodman's work: single mother and teenage daughter, historical mystery, academic institution with a potentially dark secret, and mysterious works of art. Carol Goodman can write a cracking good mystery, and she's done it again here. Reading Goodman means that I can be sure I'm getting a good page-turner, that I'll be taken in with suspense, and that I'll be rushing to get to the end to find the solution to the mystery.Those praises accounted for, I must also mention that this is my third Goodman novel, and the formula is getting a bit worn. The plots are always well-constructed, but the cast of characters and the love story are always so very similar. The main character is always a single mother, an artist or academic interested in the arts. I'll keep reading Goodman's books, but it's starting to seem like an exercise in diminishing returns. I first read The Lake of Dead Languages, and thought it was brilliant. I'm not sure that The Drowning Tree (or Arcadia Falls, which I've also read) are lesser books, it's just that they're starting to seem repetitive.This particular story relied on the descriptions of some rather complicated architecture, including a sunken garden. I sometimes found it quite difficult to visualize these features, and they are integral to the plot. Goodman has the ability to visualize complicated and dramatic landscapes, but they're not always easy for the reader to recreate.All of this said, I will continue to read Goodman's books, but I'm hoping that some of her other works will offer some new elements.
This is the second time, and I still love it. This is the book that got me hooked on Murakami.
I just wanted to let other Kindle owners in the IT profession know that the content of this book is as good as the other reviews indicate, but you should buy the paper edition rather than the Kindle edition.Most of the xml in the Kindle edition is unreadable, due to its being truncated at the left margin, and sometimes at the bottom of the page, as well.  Some of the sidebar content has the same problem.All in all, there's just too much content missing from the Kindle edition.  With the hard copy being just ten dollars more, it's the better choice.
Great fun way to learn more ASL. Some puzzles easy, some a little harder, Good Practice.
I really like Maugham's work, especially "The Moon and Sixpence," and enjoyed this book.  The basic plot concerns a writer (Maugham himself serves as narrator) who becomes acquainted with group of wealthy Americans.  They come into and out of each others lives over a period between WWI and WWII.  One of these Americans, Larry, decides to drop out of society.  At first it is unclear why he does so, but eventually it becomes apparent that he is seeking spiritual fulfillment.  Equal parts mysticism and social comedy, the "Razor's Edge" is well-written and thought-provoking.I'm not a fan of novels that deal with religion or philosophy, but I was intrigued nevertheless by "The Razor's Edge."  It's the type of novel that sticks with you after you've read it and the characters remain vivid.  I did however, think that Larry is more of a literary device than a fully fleshed out character.  He seems to pop in at convenient times, drop some spiritual wisdom, remain mysterious, and then vanish.  Maugham also spends a disturbing amount of time describing again and again what a wonderful smile Larry has.  The use of Maugham as the narrator is also a bit suspect at times, as he frequently (and needlessly?) elaborates that he is simply relating stories that others have told to him, that he is reconstructing these tales, that he is adding details, etc. - very repetitive.  Despite these flaws, the book is a very worthwhile read, and I highly recommended it.
During the late 50s/early 60s, a distinctive genre of science fiction story was coming out oF Britain.  These stories of quiet SF horror were penned by, among others, JG Ballard, John Christopher and John Wyndham.  The formula involved some type of ecological disaster, sometimes tied to alien invasion.  Many of the better stories were told from the fringes of the disaster showing the common man involved in the changes.  Kraken Wakes is a marine version of Waar of the Worlds, with objects falling into the ocean and sea tanks coming ashore to facilitate the invasion.  The invaders also begin to melt the ice caps to raise the ocean level, flooding the earth.  The aliens are never seen andf most of the novel is given to the reaction of several characters caught up in the changes.  No whizbang pyrotechnics here, just the quiet horror of slow change which sems unstoppable.
Information in the book was easily found and easily implemented.  Not all pathways to an implementation were as written, but they were close enough to work.  Especially useful was the iPhoto section, esp. with new iPhone 5 and iPad.
The book is full of "devil" (referring to whites) which is worse than the N***** word, referring to black people. Worse because the N***** word comes from the word for the color black - negro - in Latin, Spanish, Italian, etc and just means a color. The word demon or devil used by Chinese has no meaning except 'god of evil'. But this is what Chinese called whites 100 years ago(the time setting of the book), and often still do. Since that is the way Chinese call white people the book's word choice did not bother me. What did bother me that no one else in my class at an upscale school thought it was wrong to call whites a racist name. And yet if you called them a name there would be fists flying. It's like people want the golden rule (treat others they way you want to be treated) applied to themselves but they do not live by the golden rule. In this sense, my classmates (all non-white, like myself) were like the Chinese in the book: demanding respect but not giving any. The book hints at why Chinese people drive so selfishly, it is the same as using the word demon. Chinese want others to respect them but drive in such a selfish, disrespectful way. And Chinese care about their own 'face' but so easily cause others to lose face over nothing. The book is very well written and engaging. The negative attitudes of Chinese toward their new home in USA are more ironic because the Chinese themselves chose to leave China and further choose to not go back. The setting of the book is after a time when a jaw-dropping 400,000 Chinese flooded into San Francisco starting when the population of San Francisco was 445 (1840 census). That is a 10,000% increase from 1840-1870. How would you like that? One of the first boats had 2000 Chinese, causing the population of SF to explode in an hour. The book conveniently never discusses treatment of whites in China. The best part of the book is where a white person and a Chinese person think they are seeing different things but actually it is the same thing. It is still a good book as literature
This is a collection of three books written by Philip Kerr between 1989-1991.  They are crime/detective novels set in pre and post WW2 Berlin.  The hero is a sardonic and resourceful policeman turned private investigator by the name of Bernie Gunther.  After writing these three books, Philip Kerr took a long break from the character and wrote a number of other books, before returning to Gunther in 2006 withThe One from the Other: A Bernie Gunther Novel (Bernie Gunther Novels).  There are now seven (about to be eight) books in the series altogether and whilst they are not written in sequence (some take place before the war and others well after it), the three that are presented here give a very good introduction to the character.Bernie Gunther makes a wonderful, jaded character who despises the Nazi party but is sensible enough to (usually) know when he should keep his mouth shut.  The stories are all very pleasing, Chandler-esque mysteries with a very strong since of place and terrific, fully realised characters.  Real life individuals like Himmler and Goering have walk on parts that gives it a sense of realism and as Kerr explains in the postscripts, he has integrated actual events and people.The first book in the trilogy, March Violets, is set in 1936 against the background of the Berlin Olympics and a sanitised Berlin putting on its best face for the world.  The second book is set in the grimmer world that is Berlin in 1938, whilst the third takes place in a vastly transformed 1946 Berlin and Vienna and integrates the turf wars between the US and Russian occupiers.If you haven't yet discovered Philip Kerr, you are in for a treat.
I have really learned a lot from this book and u have read many sales books. Recommend it very highly!!
This is the second "how-to" book that I've reviewed on the topic of Transmedia Storytelling. The Guide by Andrea Phillips is a pragmatic journal of all the creative possibilities -- and a welcomed addition to the body of practitioner knowledge and associated lessons learned.Ms. Phillips describes her own experiences as a game designer and includes numerous insightful Q&A; sidebars with contributions from her accomplished peer group -- they're primarily transmedia practitioners within the American entertainment industry.The book is divided into five sections -- each one offering practical ideas and suggestions for transmedia storytelling novices, plus some creative examples of techniques that an experienced practitioner would appreciate.She describes some of the lasting wisdom of early transmedia storytelling projects by the pioneers -- such as The Blair Witch Project. She also features the key take-away points from more recent examples of commercial transmedia case studies -- again, primarily from within the entertainment industry.Ms. Phillips says that "...the long-term benefits of transmedia marketing are not in drawing in a completely new audience, but in hooking a peripheral audience more deeply and keeping it around longer. It's [about] the magic word: engagement." Indeed, the ongoing quest for capturing audience attention is a theme that she revisits throughout the book.One of her very interesting revelations was a reference to the apparent geographic preferences. Such as "...South American audiences seem very enthusiastic about engaging in role-playing; [North] American audiences enjoy competitive elements and puzzle solving; and European audiences tend to be the most enthusiastic about attending live events."Perhaps Ms. Phillips most helpful advice to beginners is this -- "If you have no applicable background, then your first step has to be making something - a series of websites, some light video, a puzzle trail, an interactive toy; the concept doesn't matter so much as the tangible proof that you can come up with a concept and see it through to execution."In summary, I'll gladly recommend this useful body of work to anyone who would like to explore the possibilities of transmedia storytelling -- kudos to Andrea Phillips for bringing us one step closer to reaching the mainstream tipping point.That being said, I'm waiting for an author to address the uncharted territory of non-fiction related commercial transmedia content development. Documentaries are a genre worthy of further exploration. To date, it remains the key area of our craft that would benefit from some equally instructive guidance.
I find it baffling how so many people complain about this novel's 'difficulty.' Yes, it's fairly dense, but we're not talking Ulysses-level complexity here, folks. I see no reason why a reasonably-intelligent reader should not be able to carefully read through it with relative ease. It's well worth the effort.I must say, the opening section, narrated by the retarded Benjy, is absolutely mind-blowing. Some of the greatest writing I have ever encountered. Small wonder it's established itself as archetypal Faulkner; the sort of thing that people unfamiliar with the man's work are likely to have as their conception of his writing.After the greatness of this first section, just about anything would seem a bit anti-climactic, and it must be said, Quentin's section, though undoubtedly brilliant in places, is the weakest part of the novel. The time-related symbolism often feels forced, and the chronological jump between this section and the rest of the book is jarring. Jason's section is better; it's hard to imagine a more hateful narrator, and Faulkner renders his self-delusion and paranoid obsessions with great skill. The final section, told in the third-person but which people like to associate with the old servant Dilsey, is also excellent, and contains the most poignant writing in the book. Readers who like carping on about Faulkner's racist tendencies would be well-advised to note that the black servants are by far the most sympathetic characters in the novel.Be sure to get an addition that includes Faulkner's appendix. Some might complain that it gives away too much information, but I think that, if anything, it only adds to the effect, and it's beautifully-written to boot.All I have to say is, read the book.  It's certainly one of the twentieth century's best.
Starting now, I'm not going to explain the plot. People should have read the plot summary in the book.Plot: interesting.Suspence: present.Entertainment: definite page-turner.Hidden messages: a few good ones.Book ranking for series: 4thMysteries: Dr. Orwell!
The First Day on the Somme, Martin Middlebrook, 1971, Penguin Books, ISBN 0-14-139071-9The Great War of 1914-1918 included many battles that have become legendary, perhaps none more so than that of Verdun. A separate effort, aimed at alleviating the pressure the French were experiencing at Verdun, became known as the Battle of the Somme, July 1, 1916. The story of this bloodiest of all British battles has been admirably told by Martin Middlebrook.This book is the tale of human courage of the men in the trenches, dimwitted thinking of generals, unfounded belief in the power of the artillery, and above all, the honor and devotion to duty of the single infantry private. It was believed that a week of artillery bombardment would pulverize the German defences, and allow the British to advance to their targets in parade formations.This was not to be. The Germans had dug deep, and the amount of barbed wire was staggering. Moreover, the British expected their artillery to cut the German wires and create lanes along which to advance; they also sent out parties to cut holes in the perimeters and marked them with white strips. The artillery didn't manage to cut the wire nearly as well as was expected, and the infantry met huge tangled obstacles along the way.The biggest blunders were General Rawlinson's decision to delay the onset of the attack after the artillery bombardment was over; the Germans had time to man their machine gun positions, which had survived the bombardment much better than expected, and this enabled them to scythe down thousands of men who walked towards their positions. The Germans couldn't believe it when they saw the British advance methodically and slowly, and the murderous cross-fire slaughtered the British.Another unbelievable error was not to use the only breakthrough on the right flank to attack the Germans from the side and behind - as well as the decision not to use cavalry. It was the end of the era of the cavalry to be sure, but in this battle, the large cavalry contingent could have made a huge difference, had it been let to advance through a breach and cause havoc in the rear of the Germans. They could only wonder at this decision when their lines became thin and tenuously held, but the British never released the cavalry and thus lost the only chance of success at the Somme.In a way this battle reminds me of Tarawa and the US Marines. There, too, the belief in the intense naval bombardment caused casualties when the Japanese re-manned their positions right after the bombardment lifted. Hundreds of Marines were killed as they waded ashore in the direct sight of Japanese with their machine guns and artillery.The US did not lose 57,470 men in casualties as the British did, however. This single day cost the British more than any other day in any war, or indeed, months of other wars. The heartbreaking tale of innocence lost is a key part of this book as Middlebrook confidently relates the fates of men who joined up with their friends to form units such as the "Manchester Pals" and "Grimsby Chums". These men fought and died with their friends, and in the process, those who survived ceased to believe in their country which had sacrificed them.This book is an excellent starting point if you want to read quality books on war. Middlebrook's series on the Bomber Command of WW2 is unrivalled, as is his book "Convoy" which tells the story of the bitter sea battles of the Atlantic through the eyes of men on one such journey.-Heikki Hietala, author of Tulagi Hotel
at times, Groden sees things that the viewer dosen't. in one particular picture that shows the window minitues after the shooting, you see only the window and the boxes, but Groden says that you see the arm of the shooter. i don't know, perhaps it's me, but i don't see squat. still though, a very very good book. deals more with photos than writings. you want a good writing book on the JFK Assassination, read Crossfire by Jim Marrs, or Michael Calder's book, JFK vs. the CIA.
I wrote this review years ago under another Amazon account. Since then, I have opened this book many times and discussed it with quite a few of my students.  My opinion remains unchaged.This size of this little volume belies its deep and significant content. I learned the art of mathematical analysis from Prof. Rudin's book many years ago. The clear exposition and excellent selection of challenging problems made learning the subject a thoroughlly enjoyableand intellectually satisfying experience.I have seen quite a few remarks about the price. Fair enough. Hey people at McGraw-Hill? I think you have amortized the fixed costs pretty well by now.....Hello, McGraw Hill, I reiterate the above sentiment 9 years later.
Whenever I need a reminder of what a beautiful thing a well crafted novel should feel like T return to Steinbeck. I hadn't read this one before, and the only reason it's not getting a 5 start is that I'm saving those for some of his later works. Inspiring.
This is my favorite book to give as a little girl birthday present (although my son loves it too).  You never see it at bookstores---i learned about it from a Five in a Row homeschooling booklist.  This story just resonates with a child's heart.  What little one doesn't love a day of special attention and big girl errands with a parent?  All the little goodies she collects along the way and the special time with mom---love, love, love!  Add in Felicia Bond's thoughtful illustrations and you can't beat it.  Definitely one of our favorites and a real treasure.
The best of Evelyn Waugh works, this trilogy is the perfect combination of story and history. Waugh's actual experience during the war leaves its mark all over the place, as well as his particular brand of humor - and his distaste for communism. Great read for anyone who wants to be entertained by a touching story, and see how the war was fought by the British, and why they turned against Churchill when it was won. Even if you don't care about any of that, the jokes are still fantastic, and most of the characters are brilliantly developed. They don't make novels like these ones anymore.
This is an excellent book.  Very factual, but easy reading.  On the edge of your seat kind of book.
The author provides such a compelling and engrossing amount of detail that the word comprehensive does not fully describe what is illustrated here. By providing a background in terms of history relative to the area it puts matters in a better perspective. There is no bias here towards any group but there is a very sharp critique as to what happened and the failure of policy.For example at one point Iceland was regulated to the same list as North Korea, Al Qaida and the Taliban meaning commerce ties are forbidden. But yet at the same point the country was judged based on the lack of ability to pay. So which is it? How can anyone or anything pay for a bill if they are prevented to use banks? Certainly being wedged between the UK, EU and USA means that there is going to be complications with relations especially with trade. In addition he also illustrated the lack of communication confused the public.  Younger administrators did not understand the banking ramifications while older administrators did not understand how to communicate in a efficient manner with the public.This is not the only book on the subject but I doubt any other book could get more comprehensive then this.
I have read several of the author's works. By and large they are gripping, well-written, purely escapist/fantasy tales whose narrators, usually middle-aged men, are given an opportunity to leave their life, or start over again. Or-in the case of TEMPTATION-become the most successful television writer of a generation, ONLY to have it all taken away from you where you have to start over again. I am a middle-aged man who has DEFINITELY fantasized about faking my death and leaving town only to become a Pultizer Prize winning photographer......well if only for a few seconds, I swear honey (if my wife is reading this). I think there is a tendency to over-analyze books like TEMPTATION or THE BIG PICTURE. While that is useful with works that have multiple layers of meaning, like MOBY DICK or THE ODYSSEY, less is definitely more when it comes to TEMPATION. They should be read on a beach, under an umbrella, with a cool drink in hand. Now I have to end this review because a beautiful woman I've never met before just approached me in my local cafe and said, "Well hello Tom, I thought you'd like to meet your twelve year old son. By the way we are all going to die unless you can deliver the plans for the new XRT-2 stealth rocket you've been working on at NASA (how DID she know that)? So I have to go now.....but have fun with this book.
This is a wonderful, well-written book! I totally loved it!  So much so that I am already well into the second sequel. I am certain that I will follow this story to the very end!
Imperium: A Novel of Ancient Rome by Robert Harris is the story of Marcus Cicero's rise through the politics of the Roman Senate as told by Tiro, his confidential secretary and slave. Tiro invented shorthand which enable him to record much of Cicero's courtroom speeches. Principally through the efforts of Tiro, there exists today 29 volumes of Cicero's speeches and letters on which this book is founded.The author states, "Although Imperium is a novel, the majority of the events it describes did actually happen; the remainder at least could have happened; and nothing, I hope, demonstrably did not happen."The result is a fascinating account of Cicero's courtroom battles with the unscrupulous people in the time of Caesar who attempted to control the power of Rome through bribery.The novel is interesting and very well written.
As the author of a mystery novel featuring a former politician as a protagonist, I found Tim O'Brien's IN THE LAKE OF THE WOODS a fascinating work when I first read it during its initial release.  This week, following the revelations by the former Senator Robert Kerrey of his haunting tale from his service in Vietnam, I read O'Bien's book once more.  IN THE LAKE OF THE WOODS survives the test of time.  It remains a brilliant work by one of the giants of contemporary American literature.  The ambiguities involving the disgraced political leader, the disappearance of his wife, and America's role in Southeast Asia continue to resound as powerfully today as when the novel was first written.  It is an excellent book, and I recommend it wholeheartedly.
At first read, this would appear to be among the weaker of Murakami's recent works - perhaps a self-indulgent tour of sentimental moods from the past as an antidote to the gravitas of books such as "Wind-Up Bird."  The translation, as well, seems hastily done, with the protagonist speaking in a loose, casual tone we're not quite used to.  And character-wise, we really have only Hajime and Shimamoto to guide us, rather than the usual cast of unusual everybodies.That being said, "South of the Border..." indeed packs a punch as substantial as Murakami-san's other work, when read with the same intimacy and closeness with which it was written.  Sure, there are the usual basic motifs: sex-mad women, drinking alone, vintage American jazz, and heartbreak.  Something is a little off-key, but buried beneath candy-like prose.  So what?  What distinguishes this book is what churns beneath the surface.  It happens when Murakami, with his readers mesmerized, brings in his prosodic "heavy artillery" to lift the tale skyward.  Physical and metaphysical transformation, deep body/soul trauma, and on-the-dot symbolism round the story out as a deep-structural tragedy that unravels itself with a devastatingly effective certitude.  Frighteningly well done.It's as much about destruction and selfishness as it is about togetherness and harmony.  Two only children are in love - then come apart - then unite with shaken souls and memories of things completely irretreivable, much later in life.  Hajime and Shimamoto, in another space-time, stayed in touch, married, and conceived an only child as a mirror of themselves.  In this world, perhaps, they were happy - perhaps Hajime's idealism was intact and Shimamoto's intelligence given more room to breathe.  Instead, at the sound of the crow, we infer this child's birth and death and realize that its presence in this world is limited to that of ashes in a remote stream.  Murakami's device of bodily transformation, which also shows up in "Sputnik Sweetheart" for example, is most poignantly realized in "South of the Border" when Shimamoto becomes the beautiful woman and mother in a lopsided universe.  Ultimately, with the death of the child who never really lived, readers unwary enough to have liked Hajime and Shimamoto (and held hope for their future) are mercilessly slammed to the ground.  It's often said that tragedy is distinguished by the fact that it leaves more questions open than are resolved in the narrative; this tragic tale, though, answers every question with a profound finality.  Even the final breath is anticipated and confronted, until there is really nothing more that can be said.So read it carefully and watch for the crow.  Ashes floating downstream were never so sweetly devastating.
I first read this at fourteen, sunk in fascination for King Arthur and Guinevere. It was with a great deal of confusion later that I discovered that, for a lot of people, this book had been a seminal moment in their lives, because, sadly, I barely remembered it.I recovered it (ahem) years later, to reread in preparation for the upcoming TNT miniseries, and discovered that the world from older eyes was much richer... even though there were basic flaws in the storytelling. The first half of the book is slow but enthralling, the fabric is full of threads of gold and silver and you walk slowly through it to enjoy the surroundings. But after a certain point, particularly when our main touchstone, Morgaine, is no longer in the center of Arthurian politics, the book begins an endless drag to the final end.But the storytelling is so fascinating and the characters so complex (with the exception of Bishop Patricius, of course; one of my main complaints) that you immerse yourself in the book more than read than it. Bradley managed to not only deal well with the cast of thousands Arthurian legend supplies us with, she even formed multiples of some stock figures because she needed more (Viviane, Niniane and Nimue are all forms of the same name, for instance). And why hadn't any other writer made the connection between The Lady of the Lake and Lancelot du Lac?
Of the many guides to the classics that are available, by Harold Bloom, Thomas C. Foster, Charles Van Doren, Daniel S. Burt and others, Fadiman and Major's &#34;Lifetime Reading Plan&#34; may be the most straightforward guide to the Western canon that exists.  Their reviews of the great authors and their works are not as in-depth or as informative as those by Bloom or Burt, but for an under-400 page book, this may be the most all-inclusive selection of required reading ever assembled.  Sure, many will argue about the book's omissions (or inclusions) but when you're talking about three thousand years of world literature, I'll defy anyone to list a more &#34;critically-agreeable&#34; selection of works than this one.My one problem with the book is its suggestion that civilization's great writing should - as a reading &#34;plan&#34; - be approached chronologically.  Such an approach will be problematic for the young or beginning reader, since it disregards the relative difficulty of reading certain works and the fact that some writers are far more, or less, accessible than others.  Does it really make sense, for instance, that someone should attempt Dante or Montaigne or Shakespeare before having read less-intimidating books by Dickens, Twain or Defoe?  Should &#34;Ulysses&#34; really be attempted by someone who has not yet read &#34;The Sound and the Fury&#34;?  I have no problem with the chronological presentation of the works (and indeed this gives the book a logical structure missing in some other reading guides) but I would have liked to see Fadiman and Major assess some kind of difficulty rating to each book or at least &#34;flag&#34; certain titles as best approached by more advanced readers.  To follow their plan exactly as presented would lead the average reader into deeper waters than they may be ready for in certain places, thus limiting their ability to fully understand and appreciate the greatness of a respective novel or collection.This reservation aside, I have to recommend that any serious or aspiring reader of the classics add a copy of this book to their shelf.  No other book that I've come across so completely covers the essentials of world literature in so few pages.  Just be aware that if you follow the chronological approach, you will encounter certain peaks that are best not attempted until you have more fully developed your climbing skills.
Read this book after reading Embers of War by Logevall, a history of post-war French colonialism in Vietnam which explained how America allowed itself to be engulfed in a conflict that took decades to escape from. Graham Greene's novel is set in the late 40s/early 50s. It is centered around a CIA agent, a disaffected British reporter and a Vietnamese women that they are both romantically involved with. Greene's description of Saigon and the hinterlands, the Vietnamese people, the French colonialists and the American advisers and agents trying to thread the needle between the Colonialism and Communism makes for fantastic reading. Highly recommend this novel.
The men and women of Bletchley Park, who repeatedly broke German military cyphers throughout the Second World War, made an incalculable contribution to the allied success. This book, written by one of the code-breakers provides a fascinating insight into the process.Despite the core subject, this is not really a book about cryptography, but about how to manage people and technology to solve complex, important problems. Welchman was the "glue" between the pure ideas men like Alan Turing, and the code-breaking production line. His talents were clearly in building the organisation, and liaising between the different parties so that interception, decoding, understanding and using the intelligence became a repeatable success.Welchman's insights into British wartime society and bureaucracy are keen and frequently very humourous. Many of his insights are equally applicable today, in business as well as military circles. For example an individual's promotion, prestige and salary should not depend solely on the number of subordinates.Although he was very modest about it, it is clear that Welchman was no mean cryptologist himself. The book does attempt to explain several of the ways in which Enigma was cracked, but I found the primarily verbal explanations difficult to follow. However, this doesn't prevent an understanding of the principals, and how different methods were applied at different points during the war.The book does have some limitations. Because he was not personally involved, he explicitly refuses to discuss the effort focused on the German naval codes so important to the Battle of the Atlantic, and generally says little about the use of the intelligence information. Sadly, the current edition of the book omits much of Welchman's advice on the analysis of battlefield communications, and how to keep such communications secure. However, one observation has been retained - it was a fundamental mistake to believe Enigma was secure simply because of the enormous computing power required for a brute-force attack. This should perhaps be noted in our Internet age, when so much depends on the assumed difficulty of factoring large numbers.If I have a criticism of the book, it's the rather poor production in places, with very faded photographs and occasionally blurred text. Figures are sometimes absent when they are most needed, e.g. when first explaining the Enigma machine. I read this book having only recently attended an excellent lecture and actually seeing an Enigma - otherwise I would have struggled at such points.Nonetheless this is an excellent, insightful and inspiring book, containing a range of lessons relevant today, and I thoroughly recommend it....
I'm not embarrassed to admit that I have read this book 10+ times in the last 25 years.  I have worn out three hard and soft back copies and now own it on my Kindle.  Bradley's story as she imagined Camelot is so rich and complete that it easily out ranks every other Arthurian legend I've ever read.  I absolutely love getting the story from the women's side of things, especially those women of the druid tribes that were helping to rule kingdoms.  I haven't been terribly impressed with other books by the author, but this one is breath taking.  I hope you enjoy it as much as I have all these years.
I would have given this book a Five Star rating but for the fact that the authors seemed to get a bit carried away with themselves toward the end of the book.  But don't let that stop you.  As us Boomers become more reflective and introspective with age and as we move from a life of having to a life of giving, believing and sharing, this book could not come at a better time.  I guarantee you will see yourself and others you know in many of the examples shared in this book.  The authors really do allow you to step outside your mind and examine how you really think about things.  Best advice is not to read it as a text book, but read it to have some introspective fun with yourself.  It really is a great read.
This book held my interest.  It was intriguing not only in the story line but the setting in a part of the world unfamiliar to me.  One of the best books I read this year.
My son wanted to program.  He bought Head First Java.  The amount of nonsense in that book turned him off.  There is such a thing are trying to be too cool.  This book is much more serious and real.  The scope here is wide and the exercises/examples are meaningful.  As someone who has programmed for 30 years, in various languages, I highly recommend this book.
First published in 1903, &quot;The Souls of Black Folk,&quot; by W.E.B. DuBois, is a book that still shines with power and relevance. A collection of essays and narrative pieces on the African-American experience, &quot;Souls&quot; is a brilliant blend of history, political science, and memoir, all written in a compelling literary style.DuBois is intensely concerned with the situation of African-Americans, but &quot;Souls&quot; also shows flashes of the global vision that would develop throughout his intellectual career. In this book he introduces such key concepts as &quot;the Veil&quot; and &quot;double-consciousness&quot;; although these terms are explored within the African-American context, I believe they are relevant with regard to other groups that are marginalized on the basis of difference.DuBois incisively criticizes the racism that plagued America after the end of slavery. Particularly fascinating is his iconoclastic critique of controversial Black leader Booker T. Washington, whom DuBois saw as too willing to compromise with a white racist establishment. There is a strong concern with economic issues in &quot;Souls&quot;; DuBois condemns a heartless capitalism which turns human beings into mere commodities, and considers how the &quot;slavery of debt&quot; replaced literal slavery for many Blacks. One of the best sections of the book is his apparently autobiographical account of teaching in a rural Black school in Tennessee.Dubois' literary style is worthy of note: elegant and learned, direct and passionate. He makes many classical and literary references. DuBois' ideas make him, in my opinion, a figure who links the radical United States essayists of the 19th century (David Walker, Henry David Thoreau, etc.) with those of the mid- and late 20th century (James Baldwin, Thomas Merton, Adrienne Rich, Audre Lorde, etc.). &quot;The Souls of Black Folk&quot; is an essential classic, and a great read.
The real Dorothy Gale's tragic tale of Kansas life blends seamlessly with the story of an OZ obsessed horror film star suffering from dementia and dying of AIDS, the making of the 1939 film, the childhood of Judy Garland, and a monologue by Judy's mom.  Amazingly, Ryman pulls this off and it all works splendidly!  Themes, images, the entirety of this book is magic in its artistry and imaginative power.  This book explores the nature of fantasy as born of tragedy and the timeless truth of 'There's no place like home'.  Moving, unique, and sure to captivate.  One of those books I love to read and reread on an annual basis.
Isaac Newton seems to have been, generally, all ill tempered and and arrogant professor at Trinity College, Cambridge, University.  Despite those considerable shortcomings, he did produce absolutely top rate mathematics and physics.  His volume, Principia, not only reported the best thinking of the day, it remained the latest word, in some sense, on cutting edge mathematical physics until the abrupt transition from 1906 to 1926, when realtivity and quantum theory became credible.This book is a gem.  The author seems to be a very decent person and not wildly arrogant.  While Cambridge and Trinity College, in particular, are certainly wonderful institutions, he comes from still a better one, namely Oxford.  It reports, in a non-trivial form, both a broad and a deep view of all the important mathematical physics of our day.  The literature is so voluminous, that this can only be thought of as an extremely intelligent and coherent summary.  There is a very complete and correct bibliography with notes to guide the reader to further study as necessary.  While this is unlikely to hold sway for centuries, as did the monumental book by Penrose's crusty precursor, it is certainly the Principia of the day and a treasure for everyone truly interested in any aspect of modern physics.
I found this to be a fascinating and educational book for both me and my daughter.  She is now two 1/2 and has been speaking in full sentences since she was 22 months old, in part I think, because I had encouraged her to sign to me from the age of 10 months.  It was wonderful for me to be able to understand what she was trying to tell me before she could speak and it really cut down on her frustration level, thus eliminating a few tantrums!At first I taught her some of the signs that are presented in this book, but after awhile, she started making up her own...some of our most frequently used were &quot;drink,&quot; &quot;hungry,&quot; &quot;tubbies,&quot; and &quot;book.&quot;  The author states in the book that having these early communication skills can help infants learn to use words and understand them at an earlier age and with this I must agree.  Because my daughter is very tall and is precociously verbal, most people don't believe me when I tell them that she's not yet three!It takes some time at first to get your child to understand what these symbols are used for, but with patience and work, you'll be communicating with your baby in a whole new way.
This is the second Candiotti novel I read enjoyed them a lot.Mr Phillips does a great job of keeping you guessing.
The more books I see on Matlab, the more I want to write my own.  This intro isn't bad, and it's far more complete than most.  The introduction to matrix and vector math is adequate.  The coverage of graphing commands isn't as good, but it's not bad.  There's an odd focus on programming looping statements and only afterwards is there an attempt to teach the vectorized instructions that are always the first way to code in Matlab.The book is clearly targeted at Engineering students who already know calculus, so the mathematical sections assume a lot.  If so, there isn't nearly enough mathematics, because engineering students could use a lot more operations.  There is way too much coverage of loop statements that generally should not be used, while there is not nearly enough of doing statistical and numerical operations that students want to use a lot.  A lot of the examples are a little forced, and there isn't enough teaching how to write programs in Matlab.In short, this book is a good introduction to Matlab, less good at graphing in Matlab, and relatively poor at teaching how to do mathematics in Matlab or program well in it.  It's the best I've found so far.
This is not a totally adequate summary of a comprehensive and important book, &#8220;The Innovator&#8217;s Prescription&#8221;.  I hesitate to call this a &#8220;review&#8221; because I am not a qualified judge.  However, when the book was released in 2009 there was universal acclaim from medical, political, and corporate healthcare company leaders, sadly that led to no outcomes.  Despite 5 years passed, few of the &#8216;prescriptions&#8217; (and none of the problem framings) are out-of-date.  The messages are still relevant.  In short, the experts have recognized its worthClayton Christensen is celebrated for analyses on innovation (disclosure:  read 3 previous books).  Prior and during the study that produced this book, Christensen was stricken with 3 life threatening illnesses in succession, affording him first hand experience with big medicine.  These illnesses provided first hand insights for the 10 year study with MD collaborators:  distinguished internist Jerry Grossman &#8230; director of the public health program at the Kennedy School, CEO of Tufts medical Center in Boston, and chair of Boston Federal Reserve (also founded Medical Information Technology and 3 other companies) &#8230; and Jason Hwang, an MD/MBA turned consultant.This book is not light reading.  What I've written is my interpretation (until tiring of trying to capture it all).  The material is complex although many of the book&#8217;s observations of problems are obvious once pointed out, others easy to spot if I would have exited the patient role and viewed through my business lens.  Some analyses are highly original and brilliant, others appear complex from which to operationalize a solution.Christensen saw the Boston medical system (arguably a best) that was ripe for improvement through 'disruptive innovation'.  His approach was application of simple business model theory &#8230; value proposition, description of resources, business processes, and profitability formula that describes how to make money.  Other forces for a change agenda are technology and networks.  Christensen exposes and explains the problems with current healthcare that cause it to be less effective, inefficient, and costly.  Throughout the book and especially in final chapters, he offers how these problems could be addressed.  Unfortunately, the task of fixing is daunting (more on this) because &#8216;the system&#8217;, same as for a company business model, creates an environment and static reality of structural self preservation, including the power structure. This is the same syndrome that prevents large companies from creating new businesses that rely on significantly different business models (see challenges in HBR &#8220;Corporate Venturing&#8221;).  Few large companies have been successful.  Those who have isolated the venture or operate as a group of ventures.  Arguably the current federal system of government is failing for similar reasons - wrong &#8216;business model&#8217;, unable to adapt, unable to change.  Throughout the book there are many corporate examples as analogies, mostly failures.  I will not mention these, too many or maybe I&#8217;ve just read too many.In my view a headline issue with how the national healthcare dilemma has been framed is &#8220;pricing&#8221;, everyone talking about &#8220;prices&#8221; (this book caused me to see this).  The focus on &#8220;pricing&#8221; instead of &#34;delivery&#34; - improving the efficiency and effectiveness of delivery - obscures the problem and is a distraction to the solution.  Christensen identifies the flaw with healthcare delivery as not matching the right business model to the right business.  Specifically, &#8220;delivery&#8221; by healthcare institutions is not tailored or matched to the &#8216;business&#8217; or need.  If effective delivery is front and center with the right model, market forces brought into play, &#8220;pricing&#8221; will take care of itself (Christensen doesn&#8217;t say this; my conclusion).  Instead of the questions - &#8220;can we afford it?&#8221; and &#8220;what costs should be reduced, how, how much?&#8221; - a shift to the value chain lens and engineering the delivery processes (same as companies in mid 1990&#8217;s) provides a path to desired end states (solutions). Finally, a serious problem with no clear answer is &#8220;who will do this?&#8221;, &#8220;who can and will take the lead?&#34;.Delivery - Hospitals & Medical ProfessionalsThe typical large hospital is staffed and equipped to handle anyone, any time, with any problem.  This becomes the problem because the structure (with costs) are too large for many/most &#8216;customers&#8217; who don&#8217;t need this massive capability.  The institution that houses a proton therapy device and fMRI, lavishly staffed with highly educated and trained specialists, is unneeded to set a broken bone or to administer treatment for a known chronic illness following a prescribed therapy.  Some hospitals are even set up to treat &#8216;by organ&#8217; (w/ multi specialists not conferring) - doesn&#8217;t make sense for a problem with an unknown cause.  Toward the end of the book Christensen describes how &#8220;lean&#8221; development and manufacturing methods could lend significant specific improvement to delivery (&#8220;lean&#8221; is about process flow and waste removal &#8230; see Allen Ward&#8217;s book or others).Christensen segregates 3 types of delivery needs:  unique diseases requiring diagnosis, needing a 'solution shop&#8217;; 1 time treatments/operations; ongoing care of chronic diseases that are understood and can be controlled.  A deficiency is the teams addressing all of these is typically housed together, typically one organization, burdening each team with unneeded resources and infrastructure.  A corresponding situation exists extending to medical professionals with over qualified specialists treating known problems.  There are no obvious cases cases in corporate technology organizations with a similar mismatch of capabilities and projects.The book suggests disease/ailments can be segregated into those not understood at all (categorized through symptoms &#8230; a significant problem on the drug side since FDA classifies diseases by symptom as opposed to cause), diseases partially understood and treated by &#8216;intuitive medicine&#8217;, diseases understood and able to be managed by current technology (many chronic diseases fall in this category), one time medical problems.  Over application of resources is the driver of excess costs.  Example &#8230; A board certified ENT specialist is not required to examine and treat an ear ache that could be handled by a nurse practitioner.  An ear ache does not need to be treated in a hospital or comprehensive clinic, could be handled in a &#8216;store front&#8217; with other common ailments.Conversely, there is merit in establishing &#8216;solution shops&#8217; for large, difficult diseases &#8230; e.g. MD Anderson, Texas Heart Institute ... dedicated to addressing particular medical problems, not burdened with addressing all.  A useful observation re &#8216;solution shops&#8217; is the benefit of multi-specialist teams (Jewish Hospital in Denver was a pioneer).  Typically and unlike multi-discipline technical teams in industry, medical specialists often don&#8217;t confer with one another; the patient travels from one to the next.  This is changing as large institutions such as the Cleveland Clinic assign diverse solution teams to poorly understood medical problems.TechnologyAn issue with technology that comes out in the book is &#8220;knowledge&#34; (extends to the education issue).  Entering medical students have a diversity of science backgrounds with instruction pitched at a low level with considerable remedial teaching or &#8216;reteaching'.  There is a need both to improve the science education base and to insure that technology is deployed at the proper (lowest) level within all levels of care. &#8220;Technology&#8221; implies access to expert systems, data, pushing technology downward (e.g. work done traditionally by radiologists to users), broadly accessible and digestible patient records, with networks of care providers sharing latest information (happening for cancer, other?).EducationBasic medical school is 2 years classroom (&#8216;science&#8217;) following by 2 years of clinical practice.  Two problems:  the &#8216;science&#8217; is science &#8216;light', and after 2 years when &#8216;clinical practice&#8217; starts, many have forgotten from the classroom.  What is needed is something similar to engineering curricula wherein the classroom is connected to the lab - simulations, projects, real time doing.  In medical school the issue is worse because if the student learns of something in the classroom and never sees it in the clinic (timing issue), they develop no usable experience and have no capability to deal with it.  Last, there is a need for stratification to align education, capabilities and service mission - researchers, specialists, primary care, nurse practitioners.  This is obviously missing in the fee for service system.ReimbursementA large overhead to the current system is &#8220;insurance&#34; companies.  &#8220;Insurance&#8221; is not really insurance because there is little risk (insurance is payment of a premium for a guarantee of compensation for loss).  Medical insurance companies have become paid administrators for handling paperwork with nice returns.  Ironically, they also serve the function of being &#34;the market&#8221;.  The insured pay for company administration costs and profit.  This process also serves (with Medicare) to trap the medical system into a fee for service model instead of fee for results.The fee for service model drives business arrangements between corporations and insurance companies, between insurance companies and hospitals/doctors, between insurance companies and device companies/pharma suppliers, and chronic care providers.  Viewed in entirety, these are crony relationships that preserve a return for everyone along the daisy chain, and the 'big dog&#8217; is Medicare/Medicaid setting the floor and preserving fee for service.  Medicare is a &#8216;crazy' institution, outsourcing higher value work off its books, defining 155,000 health codes, choosing which medical specialists provide the most valuable services and setting pricing per service without economic evidence (Medicare admitted they lack sufficient data to support pricing, have no supporting cost data, only the determinations decided by a chosen group of doctors), and paying little/nothing to doctors seeing patients and keeping them well.  This observation offers a prospective solution - a &#8216;capitation&#8217; system that rewards for keeping people well.A second easy target is there are too many without &#8216;skin in the game&#8217;.  The book advocates health savings accounts, providing money to spend as prudent.  But it also mentions the disparity in tax treatment with deductions for insurance.  These obvious flaws need correction.In ranking health systems based on desired goals fee for service ranks last.  A national health system looks better, but only if the manager is not incompetent (how&#8217;s this working so far?  how about other federal systems?).  There are compelling arguments that integrated capitation systems with health savings accounts could work best among those proposed.  Not emphasized enough (in my view) is any major change initiative creates winners and losers.  In this case the losers have considerable political and economic power.Drugs and Medical DevicesChristensen paints a dismal future for the pharmaceutical industry as part of the solution.  First, the industry is stuck with a big company business model.  And big pharma is tied to delivering chemistry (and/or bio molecules) with a cost plus formula akin to defense contracts with the U.S., subsidizing drug development for the world, making up for cheap foreign sales with high U.S. pricing.  This is exacerbated by an FDA that defines disease by symptom, seldom linked to cause, locking in a drug to symptom treatment and restricting drugs being used for other maladies (even if they works) without a clinical trial.  Since clinical trials are big bucks, aligning drugs to symptoms doesn&#8217;t help costs or knowledge.  So drug developers milk incremental improvements for patent extensions and market advantages leading to short term returns. All this is abetted by the FDA approved clinical trial system and the large company&#8217;s massive overhead and admin burden (book proposes simpler clinical trial system).  Big pharma isn&#8217;t geared to be able to deliver targeted therapies linked to genetics and molecular biology - too small.  They&#8217;re stuck in symptoms, large clinical trials without root understanding of why many drugs work and or don&#8217;t work (not shifted from intuitive medicine).  Diagnostics is highlighted as helping to bridge the gap but it is under rewarded in the fee for service model and under capitalized (&#34;New Scientist&#8221; continues to run encouraging reports).The issue around medical devices is rooted to better application of physical sciences and engineering.  Devices commoditizing medical treatments and the pace of commoditization is being retarded by &#8216;institutions&#8217;  and resisting professionals because of the erosion of returns and perceived loss of professional value.  It will be interesting to see if this changes as 3D printing of organs and molecular biology treatment methods progress and reach commercialization.I&#8217;ll stop.  I&#8217;ve probably written more than I learned and did a bit of disservice to the prescription side.  Not wanting to recycle through the text, I didn&#8217;t go back to pick what I didn&#8217;t remember.  For this, I apologize to those who read this.I believe everyone should be aware there are better ideas for the healthcare system.  The old healthcare system wasn&#8217;t working well, costs and coverage.  The new system insures more people but is burdened with the same delivery and reimbursement mechanisms with higher costs, and creates more problems than it solves.  Don't look for the prescriptions from this book in the Affordable Healthcare Act.  Special interests have delivered a horse designed by committee &#8230; a camel.
Christopher Boone likes mysteries.  He can apply his strong powers of logic to solving them.  Knowing all the prime numbers up to 7057 [at 15!] suggests his math and logic skills.  When he discovers a neighbour's murdered poodle, he embraces the challenge.  Become a detective!  Find the murderer!  So Christopher, who cannot lie, can't abide strangers, forecasts his days by colour signals, begins his career as an investigator.  He records his progress in a journal, which becomes this book.  Once started, like Christopher's quest, this book rejects distraction.  Every page is a delight - informative, poignant, challenging in multiple ways.His "detecting" confronts Christopher with many problems, not least of which is rapping a copper on the hooter.  Receiving a "caution" from the Swinton police and a stern censure from his father, he's enjoined to "keep your nose out of other people's business".  The dictum only leads him to apply precise logic when encountering others.  A fan of Sherlock Holmes, he admires the analytical processes of detctive work.  If he doesn't ask questions, he's not "investigating".  If others ask him questions, he brings strict logic to bear on his response.  He fathoms the "white lie".  He knows how metaphor and simile differ.  He also understands, and beautifully explains, consciousness, different forms of memory, cosmology, and evolution.  And theology - he knows there is no heaven for the dead.The security of that knowledge enabled him to accept his mother's death with equanimity.  But when his investigation confronts him with a new mystery - one which involves his mother, his aplomb shatters.  Things thought stable no longer support his view of the world.  He must now confront challenges he previously held at bay.  From being a "mystery", Haddon's tale becomes an adventure.  No astronaut nor jungle explorer faced such enigmas as Christopher must now confront.  Nor with such impediments.Christopher is autistic, a condition with no clear definition, treatment or root cause.  He suffers Behavioral Problems, carefully listing eighteen of them.  He understands that he doesn't understand other people.  And sees no reason to try to learn how.  They don't seem to want to understand him.  He's in a school for children who have Learning Difficulties, but people who "have difficulty learning French" or "who don't understand relativity" aren't in there with him.  Some children have Special Needs, but people who use saccharine instead of sugar and who have hearing aids, aren't in the school.  "None of these people are Special Needs, even if they have special needs" he says.Haddon provides a revelation into autistic minds no clinical study can match.  Yet this exposure is done with such charm and grace, the reader can only be captivated by the narrative.  A book that can be read on many levels, none complete nor wholly correct, it will long stand as a model.  It might even help us cast aside some of our prejudices about distinctions between "normal" and "peculiar" behaviour.  Shed your preconceived notions as you open the book.  Then keep reading.  [stephen a. haines - Ottawa, Canada]
If you are new to electronics and have no idea about circuits, transistors, diodes, antennas or even what these words really mean, this might be the right book for you. It introduces all these concepts, and lets you get exposed to them in a systematic way. However, the concepts may be introduced a bit haphazardly, and it's not always easy to see how all the material fits together. The book is also filled with exercises and quizzes, and these may be the most worthwhile aspects of the books. Nonetheless, keep in mind that electronics is an empirical discipline, so the real learning happens with hands-on experience with building (and blowing up) of actual physical circuits. But if you are just interested in getting exposed to the basic concepts, this would be a good book to read.
Having scoured Amazon for days, I finally narrowed my selection to three books on social skills, one of which was this book.I was looking for advice on honing my conversational skills to the level of a social butterfly.  Having some experience as a management trainer, I look at self-help books critically and here is my analysis.First the positives.  This book does teach you some important and overlooked facts that are helpful for all of us, as they may be our blind spots.  It also gives you real life examples to support the points.  There are quite a few very helpful tips in there.  It is especially good for people who are socially challenged.On the downside, the book traverses social and professional settings, zigzagging its path, which becomes a tad confusing.  The format of the book is such that it overlaps the two.  However, my preference would have been two separate sections on social and professional settings.  Afterall a date is dealt with differently than a prospective client.  Partying skills are presented at the end, while first impressions are presented upfront.  This formatting is focused on producing 92 separate tips and relating social situations to conform to them. It would have been better to classify social situations with their progression and then offer tips accordingly, which would have made the book more coherent and pragmatic.The book borrows from Dale Carnegie and yet dismisses his tips as dated, this was a put off for me.  Dale did not stretch his book to over 300 pages, he just wrote the basic idea and let the reader apply it intelligently.Despite its shortcomings, its still a useful book for picking up some good pointers.
Why have the lowest price on your product and it doesn't sell? Or have the highest price on your product and it still doesn't sell. Each product needs a &#34;position&#34; in the market place. That's why I read and re-read this book and suggest others to read it to. Its pretty simple concept and makes a lot of sense but each product needs a good price point so it can look like a great value to the customer and give the manufacturer some profit.
I am one who did in fact buy the book from Amazon.  I have not finished it but after seeing all the reviews I thought I would add my name to the growing list.First of all, I did not vote for Clinton in 1992 or 1996.  I was not a supporter (nor am I) of the Democratic party so my review will be bias because that is our nature as Americans and our leadership.  We either love them or hate them it seems.  I for one did not (nor do I) hate Clinton and while I disagreed with him on many issues, I did pray daily for him while he was in office (1 Timothy 2:1-2).Having said this let me now address the book itself.  I found the book so far to be much of what I thought of Clinton as our President.  He had his good and his bad.  He is no doubt a great leader.  He is a great speaker.  However, I don't think he is a very good writer.  In the line of Presidential autobiographies, this book falls short.  I wanted to feel what it was like to be President instead I get boring insights into debates he had while governor of Arkansas.  I wanted to know the day in and day out affairs of running a nation but I get Clinton attacking his former enemies while he was in the White House.Clinton wrote with an agenda but clearly it was not to give his life but more to put in print his feelings about those who sought to attack him while he was in office.Whether you like him or not, he was our President and he did a good job for eight years albeit he lived off the economic flow from Ronald Regan.  Clinton was President of the United States and I still believe it is the greatest nation on earth and even Democrats can agree with that and so I thank him for his service to our great nation.
The book was very well organized and readable.  It was written almost like a textbook or study guide in that I felt it gave me a complete rundown on mortgages and the process through which a loan officer goes in trying to secure a loan for his/her clients.I am a novice when it comes to mortgages, having never worked in the industry nor gone through the qualification process.  I was able to learn about my ability to qualify for a loan as well as learning some of the ins and outs of the mortgage business.I gave the book four stars because I felt it didn't answer a few questions I had about the life of a loan officer.  Client acquisition was not really touched on, save for comments about doing a good job for word of mouth business purposes and then a little section on telephone skills.  The telephone skills section seemed to indicate that cold calling was a large part of the business.  It would have been nice if the author gave a rundown on a typical day of a mortgage broker or some indication of the nuts and bolts of the job instead of focusing on the nuts and bolts of the actual loan process.Also, I would like to have gotten a better idea about pay.  I never really grasped (perhaps I missed it?) just how and how much I would be paid if I were to take clients through the loan process.  He mentions some fees that are paid at closing, but other than that, nothing... Running credit reports and such are mentioned, but I would like to have known how this is paid for, etc.  Do the clients pay money up front for these things?  Again, I've never gone through the process myself so perhaps I'm just lacking assumed knowledge.All in all, though, a worthy read for those in the industry as well as those considering it.
One of the best of the series. Alexander Kent's descriptions of the ship to ship battles are always spot on. You can feel how hard it was for the Navy`s people in that time in history.
This book has an engaging story, and charming illustrations. And the way that the sister shows love for her brother rings true - children really act like this, when they're at their best. Any child who has a favorite stuffed toy will get caught up in the story, in the suspense, and in the happy ending. Shirley Hughes is a British author, and an observant reader can see that the setting doesn't look like America. This book,as well as other Shirley Hughes books, could be used for multi-cultural education, though the differences that can be found between Britain and America are subtle.
This book is recommended reading for a Negotiation Course I took some time ago and was developed by members of the Harvard Negotiation Project.  It provides the fundamentals of negotiation tactics and techniques that can be used in almost any situation.Whether you are a parent with trouble convincing your children to do things, or you're buying a house or a car, this is an excellent book for learning how to effectively deal with others.The book covers topics such as inventing options that will benefit both parties, or focusing on your interests and not your positions and understanding the importance of controlling emotions.This book doesn't cover more advanced techniques and doesn't signiifcantly touch upon the various cultural aspects of negotiation, but it is an excellent introduction and a valuable addition to any library.
If you're not headed into a deep, technical class on Old English, this is the best book on learning Old English that I've seen.Atherton has done ordinary folks a huge service with his work on this. In addition to presenting the language from the very beginning, in itself rare, he also gives a lot of cultural context. This context is critical, since you can't visit Old England the way a student of Spanish or Danish can visit Spain or Denmark. He really takes a gentle approach to the inflection of Old English, which should aid learners who *don't* know an inflected language. Of course, for those of us who do, it's nice to have the various uses of the cases spun out one by one.The texts selected for the book are of a wide variety and should hold your interest. If you don't like the Joseph story from the Bible, there are snips from the anglo-Saxon Chronicle. And if you don't like either of those, there are riddles and snips of poetry.Another nice touch is the audio that comes with. It really makes the language come alive. As for how accurate the recordings are to how the language was spoken, I cannot say--but they breathe life into it and that's enough for me. In any case, spend the extra for the audio.Is the book perfect? No, but it's so much better than everything else (not meant for graduate level classes) that there's no reason to get anything else for a first look at Old English.
I was completely and totally won over by this one. The story is a pretty simplistic read for younger kids, and pretty straight foreword at that - Leo is a late bloomer, father is worried, mama is not. Then one day everything clicks and suddenly Leo is whizzing around doing all of the things he found hard before like reading, writing, and chewing with this mouth shut. But what really made this story stand out for me were Aruego's delightful illustrations. Leo's bewildered expression as he finds himself covered with juice during snack time, or papa tiger's worried and baffled expression as he tries to stealthily spy on an increasingly harassed looking Leo who's playing when papa should be watching TV. The final page of the happy family embracing at the end and papa's expression of bold relief as he looks out at the reader had me in stitches. Another thing that struck me as I was reading this, was that this story could also do double duty, not only for late bloomers, but for kids who might have a touchy father/child relationship with one another. Children who might feel like their own "papa tigers" are a bit too watchful might do well to see another "child" under an overly watchful gaze that feels short of measuring up to standards, and see the understanding in the end between parent and child that parental love will always end up trumping expectation in the end.Among the kids I read to, there really isn't a one of them that this story would really be for, none of them are late bloomers per say, and the story, as already mentioned, is pretty simplistic, but still manages to be genuinely touching. But at under 8$ for a hardback book I succumbed to temptation and bought this one anyway just for myself. After all, who says adults can't enjoy picture books too?
Book Review for: "The Time Traveler's Wife"Written by: Audrey NiffeneggerISBN: 978-0-15-602943-8Harcourt Publishing536 pages$14.954 StarsNiffenegger weaves a tale of intrigue and love - one that remains strong through decades of uncertainties. "The Time Traveler's Wife" is an unconventional romance and an atypical science fiction novel, blending both genres as well as sprinkling in a dab of social commentary to create a very human novel.The novel starts with Claire waiting for Henry, a predominate theme in the book. Her husband, Henry, travels through time. He believes it's a genetic abnormality and he can't control it. The novel takes place between 1968 and 2008. Claire and Henry meet as adults. Claire is twenty. Henry, it is revealed, has been time traveling since he was five years old, after a visit to a museum, that had a profound effect on him. He recalls first traveling through time to visit Claire when she is six. Young Claire soon gets used to a man popping out of time to see her. She develops an eccentric relationship with the time traveling Henry, which to Niffenegger's credit, works and doesn't come off as creepy.Early in the book, there is an unusual scene when Claire is thirteen which her father and brother keep her from Henry. Claire doesn't know what to make of it, but time marches on in a linear fashion for her, and soon she meets Henry at the library where he works. When they meet, he is twenty-eight.Henry leaves his girlfriend, Ingrid, for Claire. Claire is used to Henry's time traveling and accepts him for what he is. After meeting each other's family, they marry.The couple tries to live as normal a life as they can. Claire is an artist and Henry works in a library. After seeing their friends, Charisse and Gomez, have children, they try to have one of their own. Henry seeks out a genetic counselor. The reason for his time traveling abilities are given here, which to Niffenegger's credit, is a creative take on the concept.Claire has several miscarriages before the doctors realize they have to suppress her immune system to get her to carry to term. Claire finally gives birth to a girl, Alba, when she is thirty. Soon, they learn that Alba can time travel, too.Henry's time traveling takes a toll on his body. He gets frostbite on his feet which have to be amputated. Then he involuntarily time travels to the past, and since he can't run away, he's shot by deer hunters when Claire is thirteen. Claire is thirty-eight when he dies.The plot is tight. Niffenegger's explanation of Henry's time traveling abilities is plausible, making the story work. The pace isn't fast, nor does the story drag. It moves from event to event with concise precision.Niffenegger writes in a very "up front" style. It's easy enough to read, but very direct. Her characters are believable. In a way, Claire embodies a very traditional female role in waiting for Henry, while he has numerous adventures as a time traveler, taking on a more traditional male role. Toward the end, Claire sheds her traditional role to become a more modern woman.The story is told using a journal entry form from Claire and Henry's perspective, which works well. If anything, the story lags a little since it blends romance and science fiction without committing to either. Henry and Claire are in love, but it seems a given and not a discovery.What makes Niffenegger's story a gem, is her creative take on time traveling, making it a genetic condition, thus not conforming to traditional time traveling norms."The Time Traveler's Wife" is an intriguing read that will leave the reader experiencing Henry and Claire's highs and lows right along with them.
In this book, Carmine provides seven principles for unleashing innovation. The principles are supported by examples from various industries, which helps to understand how to apply the principles within different scenarios. I recommend the book to those seeking new perspectives about the concept of innovation.
NLS is, in a word, masterful.  It is a fascinating and penetrating introduction to the "language of science".  After laying a foundation of first principles (what is a number, what does it mean to count), Dantzig goes on to construct a veritable cathedral of mathematics.  As the reader climbs ever higher, the mathematics Dantzig describes grows increasingly abstruse, but the exposition remains lucid and compelling throughout.  Dantzig is a terrific guide -- an exceedingly good writer and a very deep thinker.  Many of the concepts developed in NLS are treated ad nauseum in the popular mathematics literature, but nowhere as clearly.  After reading the opening pages of NLS, I was impressed with the writing (very literary in style) but was skeptical that I would learn much from this slim volume.  How very wrong I was.  Time and again Dantzig clarified concepts and connections that have long eluded my full grasp.  NLS is a superb book, and a fascinating read.  This new edition is a useful improvement on its predecessors -- with excellent endnotes and bibliography, and a well-considered division of the book into text and appendices.
My local library had only ONE of Stegner's publications on hand.I ordered each and every one available and gifted the booksto the library and they were most grateful to own them.
Full of secrets only professionals know, this book will teach even the most experienced boater some new tricks.  This reference is a must-have for all boat owners.
I resisted reading this book for a long time, assuming from the title and (earlier) cover design it would be superficial and forced. When I finally dipped into it, I had to laugh at how true the old advice not to judge a book by its cover was in this case. This is thoughtful and thought-provoking work, which fully stands the test of time since its original publication. Norwood ably supports her controversial contention that certain kinds of love relationships work in a destructive, progressive way parallel to the course of addictions to substances; her mix of brief case histories, longer narratives, and expository material give the subject a rich and nuanced treatment. I recognized some of myself in this book, and I suspect many other women will as well. Even more helpful than the recognition, perhaps, were Norwood's thoughts on how to combat an "addiction" to relationships based on the need to change the partner. She never descends into any kind of trite or shallow "how-to," but she does paint a picture of what recovery is and how it can be achieved. I recommend it highly for any woman wondering why her romantic life feels over-full of crisis, drama, or pain.
Nevertheless, this was a very very good read.  The last 100 pages will cause you to take an extended lunch period at work.I enjoyed the pace of Mr.Harris' latest day in the life of Mr.Hannibal &quot;Of course it's beef  stew&quot; Lector.The ending is going to throw you for a loop.  I am  anxiously awaiting the movie to see how true Hollywood will remain to the  book.  I have a strong feeling Mr.Harris has another story to tell.
In 2005, George Weigel authored the very insightful book, God's Choice: Pope Benedict XVI and the Future of the Catholic Church and I think it can be appropriately summarized as  &#34; the End and the Beginning. &#34;  The above is actually the title of the second biography of His Holiness, John Paul II, of blessed memory. But in some ways it is also appropos for God's Choice in that it provides a thourough review of the pontificate of John Paul II as well as an analysis of the 2005 conclave that ended in the naming of Joseph Cardinal Ratzinger as Benedict XVI.  Still another aspect of God's Choice that is helpful is an adult examination of the real Ratzinger as opposed to the biased, fanciful and rather hostile media creation of the Panzerkardinal, etc.  And lastly, as the subtitle promises, the book offers an intrguing look at the future of the Catholic Church.  All things considered,  a highly commendable follow up to Witness to Hope.
Worth a lot more than I paid for it. Two copies on my desk. One loaner. It gets lots of mileage. THIS IS A GREAT DESK REFERENCE.
Fred Williams has written a most interesting book that seems tailor-made for the current climate. There are more people in debt than ever before, and that of course means there will be more menacing telephone calls from debt collectors, more harassment at odd hours, more rudeness, more threats, more intimidation from faceless people.This book will give you the tools required to protect yourself from the collection agencies. Too many don't realize there are federal regulations that govern just what debt collection agencies can and cannot do in attempting to recover a debt. Williams uses thirty some odd pages to address those in the second part of an almost 200-page book. Using Collection Law (The Fair Debt Collection Practices Act), he instructs on how to stop collection calls, how to read Credit Reports, preparing a complaint in the likely event of abuse and so on. This, to me, is the slender filet mignon of the book.Part one is the majority part. Williams recounts his time working the phones at agencies. The seediness, the semi-illegality of man collection agency practices for which the Act was passed and the soul-deadening nature of the work itself. It's all here in purple hues. There are things in here that will make you laugh in wonder and shake your head in disgust. Williams has the adept hand of someone with a good eye for detail and a talent for writing so the book reads very easily.Definitely a fascinating insight into an "industry" that one hopes never to be in contact with. Five stars.
Over my career as a college educator, I have occasionally taught linear algebra and have had students ask me if I knew of a resource they could use for additional help and practice. My answer has always been to refer them to this book. Even the most abstract mathematical theory is learned by seeing problems worked through and then doing some of them on your own. As every math teacher knows, mathematics is a participatory sport and participation is defined as being intellectually engaged in following logical reasoning.The problems in this book start at the very beginning and cover the fundamental principles of linear algebra. If there is a weakness, it is that there is nothing in the way of applications. Linear algebra and matrices forms one of the mathematical foundations of creating moving images via computer and that is one way to quickly pique the interest of the students (and instructors).
An ingenious plot that I remember from my childhood.  Now I am enjoying it again with my children.  I was always fascinated by how he balanced those hats.  The illustrations are quite simple but intriguing.  Just looking at Pezzo with all those hats piled one on top of another is more interesting than many of the high tech special effects I have seen in today's movies.  Sometimes the simple way is the best.Pezzo's situation looks bleak as the monkeys that stole his caps are scattered high in the tree.  His act of frustration actually serves to get his stolen caps back from the playful monkeys.  It shows a child that no matter how impossible a situation is, if you think you can find a solution.If you can find it, I also recommend Pezzo the Peddler.  In that one he goes to a circus carnival and his hats fall off and the circus performers mistakenly take them.  This book has a lot more text but also a more intricate plot.
If you are looking for an all-encompassing digital photography how-to book, "Perfect Digital Photography" is it. I have been an amateur home shutterbug for over twenty years. In the early days, I shot with my trusty little Kodak 110 pocket camera and later graduated to a quality 35mm SLR. I began dabbling in digital photography in the mid 1990's with a pocket 640x480 pixel Panasonic model and was amazed at the instant feedback and lack of developing costs that digital provided. But even then, I knew that the quality of digital was just not up to film standards yet. I also shot with a 35mm point-and-shoot (jokingly dubbed by this book as a PHD camera... as in "Push Here, Dummy"). I made the transition in recording all of my family's memories in digital about three years ago when I bought a 4-magapixel high-end pocket camera. That camera had served me well, but I am longing to improve my skills as a digital photographer and that means two things. Stepping up to a digital SLR for greater control, and gaining more knowledge to improve my skill as a photographer. To that end, I have been browsing digital photography books for several months now, and have bought a couple - never quite satisfied until now. "Perfect Digital Photography" is the book that I have been looking for all this time.The book falls into two halves, each written by a different author. The first section is on photo technique and the camera and is written by Pulitzer prize-winning National Geographic photographer Jay Dickman. The second half, by Adobe Photoshop Certified Expert Jay Kinghorn, is all about the "digital darkroom" and the use of Photoshop to put the finishing touches on your work."Perfect Digital Photography" is written (with a few exceptions) for the beginner. It follows a workflow from the basics of composition and use of light, camera basics, and really excels at giving good insider 'pro' tips, with many asides about the authors philosophies on everything from ethics to tips on how to approach strangers that you want to photograph. Much of the content of this first half can really apply to film photography too. In the second half, Jay Kinghorn begins with Photoshop basics, then moves on to cover how to scan and organize your photographic library. Next, he goes deeper into how to refine your images, correcting tone and color, tips on black and white photography, printing considerations, and finally (for the aspiring pro) automation and workflow. The only negative I had found was the author (Dickman, primarily) had a tendency to lapse into  technical jargon once and awhile. It was nothing that I couldn't look up, infer, or just read past."Perfect Digital Photography" truly does live up to it's name and is the best book on the subject I have yet read. I have two friends lined up asking to borrow it and two others who, after leafing it, took down the ISBN to buy copies themselves. What higher praise could there be.
This was a very entertaining story, and decent "historical fiction" one as well. I'd have given it 5 stars except for a major un-answered question...how did the beads get to the cellar opening? If I missed something here, please comment. Maybe the ending was a bit "cute", but I will certainly recommend this book to others.
Crichton's newest title has been a long time coming. I have been looking forward to this title ever since I heard it was going to be released. I just finished it and WOW! It does not disappoint! Crichton's heros are sent  from the present to the past thru a &quot;quantum foam wormhole,&quot; and  step out in feudal France circa 1357. The historians have been sent back to  rescue one of their collegues who has become trapped in the past. And they  need to rescue him in precisely 37 hours, or miss the trip back to 1999.  This novel starts out very technical, but quickly switches to a  &quot;swashbuckling tale&quot; with knights, damsels in distress, and much,  much more! This was a quick read for me; I finished it in about a day and  1/2. The ending was predictable, but all in all, a good time!
This novel is the type of intriguing novel you want while on vacation, on a plane, or sitting in front of a fire or by a pool.  It really keeps you turning the pages and interested in the characters and plot development.  Three people in my family read it, including me, and loved it.  A middle age judge has lost her way.  She is depressed, having health problems and her marriage has turned stagnant.  She becomes intrigued about the mass murder of the residents of a remote Swedish village that she has a distant relationship to through her mother.  She fights Swedish bureaucracy, which she is very familiar with as a judge, to investigate this atrocity.  She does better police work than the detectives themselves and comes up with a suspect.  When an old college friend invites her to accompany her on a trip to China where the suspect lives, she goes.  She is brought back to her idealism as a college student when she rallied behind Marxism and Chairman Mao.  Her story isn't the only one being told in the book as it weaves the story of 19th century Chinese brothers brought against their will to work on the American railroad and one of their later day descendants.  The weaving of these other plots is done very well and isn't obtrusive in the story.  It all relates to the later day quest by the judge to find the murderer.  The reader is moved across the European continent, China, America and Africa with expertise and historical facts and fiction blended together.  Only an excellent writer like Henning Mankell could do this.  You not only enjoy the story but the writer's skill as well when you read this book.  It is with great satisfaction that the judge finds her way back to health, happy marriage, and a solved mystery that has spanned generations and continents.
Awesome condition!
I have to start by saying that I found the title a bit off-putting as another "get rich quick" using Facebook kind of thing.  This book is anything but that, but the title belies what the authors have to share and I hope that a couple of things DON'T happen:1) People buy this book expecting to find easy money through the use of social media2) People avoid this book because the title makes it sound "too good to be true"The book is written in a very conversational style which would naturally suit the audience it is going after: savvy Internet marketers or brick and mortar marketers who want to take their services or products to a new level and a larger and broader audience.  The book spends time outlining the WRONG way to go about "doing" social media and tells the reader what it isn't.  The book assumes that the marketer has some Internet experience and has used different social media outlets and knows how to access them and use them.  If you are a brick and mortar business with NO experience on Facebook, YouTube, LinkedIn, etc (or you are not even really sure what those are) don't expect this book to fill those gaps for you.  This book targets an audience already using Social Media and shows them how to use it even better through a "Social Media Campaign".  The book highlights the need for understanding and using proper measurements and insight as part of a marketing campaign.I felt that when I was reading this book that it belonged in the "Dummies" series (and I don't mean that as an insult).  Cracking a joke here and there and trying to be humorous or anecdotal this book just seemed fitting for that familiar yellow cover.  A cartoon here and there would take the book to a different level and a change of title perhaps to something like "How to Make Money with Social Media ... or Not" might be better fitting.  This is NOT about getting rich quickly or making money with the use of Social Media.  It's more a book about applying a more rigorous process to the marketing of goods and services using Internet tools (which happen to be Social Media tools).  Rigor is very much a part of this book.I liked the book but gave it four stars because I felt it lacked a bit of identity not knowing whether it wanted to be funny or technical?  Solid information though.
This book was built on a sound concept, but the finished result does not quite deliver.  The text is not very engaging, rather it is impersonal and borders on dry.  The "caravan" is nameless and faceless as well as the "merchants" along the way.  The progression through the Silk Route and the accompanying artwork is very well done.  The factual background is great.  The book could have been great...but will have to settle for good...and very useful due to lack of abundant children's resources on the subject.
I had seen the movie which was based on the book. As I read the book I was able to visualize what was going on (in my mind's eye.)
One sentence summary:Highly recommended for project managers and programmers who does more than coding.In general:This is a great book for introducing Object Oriented Analysis and Desisgn (OOA/D). This book is especially useful if a reader has been involved in some real-world programming projects using the Waterfall method, or have asked questions like "Why my customer always change the requirement".About the writing:The language is clear to understand even for non-native English speakers. I especially like the the slide-like way of presenting the current chapter's purpose with a view of the big picture of OOA/D.
I bought the No Cry Sleep solution for babies when I was pregnant, and it helped me immensely. Now my daughter is almost two, I thought I would get the No Cry Sleep Solution for Toddlers and Preschoolers.I found it's tips and techniques fabulous and so relevant for me and my daughter.I love how gentle and child-centred the book - and indeed, all of Elizabeth Pantley's books - are.While her sleep is not perfect, I have learnt through the book, there is no such thing. Having realistic expecations for her sleep is one of the many things I have taken away from the books.This book, and indeed, any of Elizabeth Pantley's books I would recommend for parents, either first timers, or for those with many children.
this is not one of carol shields best efforts. however,it is immensely readable.the story of a marriage from two points of view is a triumph.it would make an excellent movie.
Even if you don't agree with everything written in these pages, the content is so interesting, it gives occasion for thought and questioning. Nobody has a monopoly on absolute knowledge and every opinion has validity. The views expressed in the book may not be all true but if you like to challenge the assumptions you hold about truth and the nature of reality, look no further.
I have been a fan of Peter Mayle's books on Provence and decided to branch out when finding this book as a recommendation.  Was not sure what to expect but found it a delightful book on living in the french countryside but even more on what is involved in wine making.  Learned more from this memoir than I have from many books on wine making.  Entertaining and informative.  Have been in touch with the author about renting one of the two cottages that she has on the site and are delightful vacation spots. Unfortunately her wine club offerings are only available in England. This is a book you will enjoy reading more than once.
At first reading, this is another possible-future story with a particularly bleak outlook. A theocratic totalitarian regime takes over the US in a fast, well-planned strike. Overnight, women lose the right to own property. They become property, their worth measured by their reproductive ability. If they fail as baby-making slaves to the inner circle of male domination, they become forced-labor slaves in the worst of environments. The regime reverts to public executions as entertainment, and to a corrupt core inside its iron fist.What's truly chilling is how close the details are to contemprary American politics. The regime bans birth control (except for "entertainment" slaves) and requires every pregnancy to come to term. No matter how severe the accident of nature, the baby must be born, post-natal infanticide being the replacement for abortion. Believers in any faith but the state faith are first banned, then hunted down. Much too much of this sounds like the ideal world for America's Christian fundamentalists - one faith, one morality, rights for only the few they select, all enforced at gunpoint. It's just too close to be funny.The book's postscript shows optimism. In it, some far-future conference on sociology analyzes the book and its era as ancient history, long after the regime's collapse. The narrator escaped and lived long enough to create the book's content, and the regime collapsed of its own internal distrust.This is a worthwhile, thought-provoking piece of fiction.  Let's just hope that it really is fiction, not prophecy.//wiredweird
Book is a good example of historical fiction. Complete with an interesting list of characters, a good story line, and a reasonably accurate presentation of what actually happened to Pompeii and the how and why of it being there in the first place.  Inclusion of some map references would be of help to the less knowledgeable reader.
There are lots and lots of books written on mathematics claiming to target mass audience and containing none to negligible real "mathematics". Yeah, I'm talking about those funny stupid books which keeps talking about math for 400 pages but shy away from putting one real equation or proof. Well, this book is different and if you ask me, it's the best book on mathematics I've came across so far. It's the collection of some of the cleverest not-too-obvious theorems derived from the scratch with really fluid explanation and plenty of diagrams. One of the coolest thing about this book is that it first gives you a historical preview of the problem which is usually gets really interesting and pretty fun to read, specially all those tid-bits about the people involved. So by the time you reach to the proof, you know why it was a hard to do thing and you can fully appreciate the clever twists and turns in the proof. You can literally enjoy it like some murder mystery thriller. The book is written with loads and loads of infectious passion for mathematics. If this is the way math textbooks are written, there would have been far more people with passion, love and deeper understanding of mathematics.
Dr. Scott Peck was an amazing man. Not only a great Psychiatrist, but also a man who realized that Man is not just a biological entity, but also a spiritual being. Now if you don't believe in God, Satan, good and evil, then this book will just make you mad (or if you are open minded, it just might convert you!!!).Dr. Peck challenges the community of Psychiatrists to consider the possibility that some of the people they meet could be motivated by evil instead of mental illness and therefore should be treated in a different method.This book is cutting edge material. You will either love it and agree or you will hate it and dismiss all his thoughts. But it is worth at least giving it a try.
I truly enjoyed this book, it included some investigatory means that were new to meand also had some fun personal twists. It was a worthwhile read.
I love this book, and I do enjoy Richard Bach's work. He teaches us to think positively. And brings us to a reality, that we can do whatever we think we can, and that everything is just an illusion. This book made me think about the little engine that could.
"...Hoarse drum of the regiment..." The story of a man and his world; a world that might seem incomprehensible to many: self sacrifice for the common good; the struggle between heart and tradition; fraternal love; the way some of us see duty towards flag and country;The unbreakable bond that develops amongst men in battle; the inexplicable admiration and adoration for the leader; after all, isn't he the one leading them to their potential death? Yet, still ".... the unexplained glory flies above them...." and they try to forget that in that ".... field where a thousand corpses lie..." some of their most beloved friends ceased to exist;There's not many ways that can project the majesty of a pure soldier's heart, yet this effort is more than successful; In a historical journey it wanders from sail to steam, from on-board soldiers to Royal Marines... And the unique way to present that "...these men were born to drill and die..." made "per Mare et per Terram". Superb!
As I read more and more of career self-help books, a pattern is starting to emerge. One is that failure is not really failure unless you fail to learn from your mistakes. Learning from the mistakes of others is important, but there's nothing more personal and intimate (and painful) than making mistakes for yourself and learning how to deal with the consequences firsthand. In the end, you become stronger.In my limited 15 year experience in the work world since college, I can see truth in a lot of what Bill Lane writes in this book. Don't fall behind, don't become complacent and just coast along (Steve Jobs said the same thing with "Stay hungry. Stay foolish.") Don't use jargon and buzzwords because it just makes you sound like a pretentious ass. Be ethical. Don't be arrogant. Learn to listen. Much of what he talks about is straight-forward and fairly common-sense... or ought to be anyway, since common-sense seems to be in short supply these days.So, most of this stuff you already know. For someone early on in their career trajectory or even readers more advanced in their professional path, there are good reminders in here to stay grounded and focused. Lane writes with a very affable and friendly style. The book doesn't take too long to get through.
I purchased this book because they were advertising the film on TV. A great read true to its British and Indian roots.I thoroughly enjoyed it subsequently I saw the film which was great as well. Reminds me of England.
This is a story about the magic of Christmas, both the season and the dog. I learned about the book through the advertisements for the Hallmark Hall of Fame TV special based on Greg Kincaid's story, and I enjoyed that movie enough so that I decided to read the book after seeing the movie, something which I seldom bother to do. Of course this is a feel good Christmas story which kids will love, but it also includes lessons about personal growth and dealing with disabilities (both ours and those of others) which are worth everyone remembering. It is never sappy, maudlin or preachy despite how easy it would have been for the author to incorporate such sentiments. Rather it is tender and moralistic, in the best sense of those words; and  there are details included and nuances developed in the book which made me glad that I read it even though I had seen the TV movie. Finally, it is only 143 fairly small pages, so it is really just a novella and  a very quick read with a story which flows along rapidly.This is a story about how a dog from the Cherokee, Kansas County Shelter changed the lives of the McCray family -George, a Vietnam vet with unresolved issues resulting from his war time experiences, his wife Mary Ann, and their youngest son Todd, a developmentally challenged young man with a remarkable empathy with animals. Despite George's objections, the reasons for which are developed as the story proceeds, Todd with the support of his mother eventually is allowed to bring home a dog from the local shelter, but only to provide foster care until after Christmas is over. After he has selected his dog after carefully considering each and every one, he becomes engaged in an effort to locate foster homes for all  the shelter dogs. Of course, there are many interesting moments and some unintended consequences, but with great ingenuity Todd succeeds in his quest. However, the dog's presence first stirs painful memories for George, and then leads to a dangerous physical encounter for the family and the dog. The story is almost entirely and very effectively told in the form of first person narration by George, with two very brief  excerpts of first person and first animal narration (the prologue). This is a story of discovery - of human potential, of the nature of the bonds of people with dogs, of the multiplicative power of an act of kindness and of the ability to overcome adversity trough risking disappointment and failure and thus find your place in the universe, whoever  you may be (human or dog).In summary, this is a wonderful CHRISTMAS story, about both the dog and the season. Of course, the fact that I am the owner of two big black shelter dogs like Christmas,according to the story the hardest for shelters to place because there are so many of them, makes it especially poignant for me.Tucker Andersen
Spider Bones was a good holiday read with enough action and detail to keep you turning the pages. Plenty of references made to Vietnam war, which gave it an interesting angle, Then crossed into the current drug and gang patch wars. It would be interesting to see this developed further as another story line. Any Bones readers will enjoy this read :)
i would have never have picked this up if i hadnt joined a book club that reads classics. The narrator is angry, sad, hurt and pining for a married woman who still lives with her husband. She seemed to be wanted by lots of men which made it even more difficult for the narrator. after the woman dies, he ends up living with her husband to be near her in spirit.  a great book that was hard to put down.
I could and did find faults like leaving out Dynkin diagrams and tachyons,but that would be nit picking. He even has his own spooky diagrams for tensors he calls "diagramic tensor notation."In the rarefied atmosphere of the Immortals of science Roger Penrose can be confident of the reception of his thousand page book.He covers nearly everything in modern physics in readable detail. He even covers Popper's philosophical scientific laws for theories ( false -ability).He doesn't totally dumb things down ( some of these books are insults to average Intelligence!) , he actually gives equations and he explains even very difficult concepts like fiber bundles in an understandable way. He has definite preferences for his own very difficult twistor theory, but he even handedly presents all the cases of loops, spin lattices, strings and branes. This book is just plain good!
I thoroughly enjoyed reading  this biography and learning about Elizabeth I.  This is not a novel but it is an easy history to read. I had many misconceptions about this lady which the book addressed in historically factual information from contemporary sources. Since I have been studying and reading books covering the period of English history from 1066 to present this was a great find and being Alison Weir was an added bonus.  Whenever she has written on the time frame that I am currently reading, I rely on her to give me facts in a very readable form and when it is possibly fiction she gives me the sources and their standing in the scholarly literature.The book did a great job of portraying how Elizabeth grew up around the intrigues of Henry VIII's court, when she was in favor, and her and the peoples' great admiration of her father.  She loved the processions and the admiration of the people and she understood from this came power.  Elizabeth saw and learned from Henry's mistakes as well as those of her siblings, Edward VI and sister Mary I.Henry VIII began the break with the Church in Rome to suit his own needs for a heir and opened the door to Protestantism in England.  Then his son's tutor and counselors were able to keep the protestants in power around the child king.  When Mary I gains the throne she is determined  to turn the religion of her small island back to the Church of Rome, marries a leader of the inquisition, and gets involved in foreign wars  which depletes the treasury of England. Therefore Elizabeth understood she could never marry because if she did she would have to relinquish her rule to that of a foreign husband.I particularly enjoyed learning about her private life and appreciate the way the Ms. Weir gave you the facts and allowed you to draw what conclusions you would about the &#34;virgin queen&#34;, for real no one knows more.  I think since she was introduced to passion in her teens makes the story of her reign so much more poignant because she knew what she sacrificed for her kingdom. Her love and talent for dancing I did not know until I read this book, but the collection of dress I had heard some information on but she like all of us would wear &#34;old comfortable&#34; when she had the chance.Her diplomacy was unique to her personality.  Not ever rushed to decisions she learned to use this technique to her advantage, when in doubt, dither.  She very well knew that when a monarch gave a decision it was final.  I believe that she knew her father regretted and was haunted by the taking of Anne Boleyn's life but he had an agenda.  He and the people around him did not know genetics but they had seen the pattern, first babies live then no more live births. I always find the genetics and other modern sciences applied to the historical period I am reading fascinating.All in all this is a  very scholarly study of the reign of Elizabeth I and you also get a little peek into her personal life and the times of her era.I hardily recommend the book to the casual reader as well as to the historian.
I would want to meet them all.  This is one of those books you finish wishing it could have lasted longer.  (Don't listen to the negative reviews--the readers must have eaten some bad haggis sometime.)  I didn't give it five stars because I did get slightly confused in the second part where I had trouble figuring out who was where when (read it to see what I mean).  But that is a minor complaint, really.  Just enjoy!
Anyone just entering the field of sales will benefit from the practical advice in this book.  Forget about the thousands of textbook style sales books and pickm this one up.
Before there was CSI and the magic of solving a crime in less than 60 minutes we had Sherlock Holmes. This was always my favorite Sherlock Holmes story and the most scary Holmes book I ever read. Many movies were made from this book, but if you want the real deal, without the interpetations, you have to read the book. Plenty of atmosphere in a Holmes book, with a little imagination you can find yourself knocking on the door at 221B Baker street with a curious matter that needs Mr. Holmes attention.R HemingwayPast Twilight
Some strong language........gives you truthful view of what life in the &#34;bush&#34; was like!  Webb is a great author, never disappoints.
This book has blown my mind.The most powerful insight I got was: It takes two to fight but onlyone toend - and it's always you.I didn't like that at first, always me to be the one? And whatabout beingright? They show you a way out of this dilemma!My relationships to men, to my parents, to myself, to my daughterhave cometo a level of satisfaction and peace and joy that is hard to put inwords!
Your intuition will lead to your destruction. That's a good hypothesis for any book about decision making, but it becomes particularly interesting in terms of economic decision making (both macro-economic and home-economic).If you are expecting a general guide to investing, this is not it. What it is, is an introduction to behavioral economics as it applies to all forms of financial decision-making, from mutual funds and stocks to CEOs and the global economic collapse.The general rule of thumb in this book is that emotions can't be trusted, and you're better off ignoring your natural inclinations as much as possible. The problem isn't that intuition is bad, it's just that it leads you astray when it comes to matters too complex and logical for an emotional brain to handle. In other words, too often people make decisions based solely on how things appear, giving little or no consider to reality. Whether it's taking $500.00 over a 15% chance at one million, or risking losing everything in your old age rather than a guaranteed amount that leaves you broke at death, people just aren't smart when they trust their gut. All that kind of reminds me of the time at age 12 when I told my dad to re-finance his house and buy Apple stock at $5.00 a share (when everyone else said the company would soon die). The ultimate lesson I personally gleaned from this read was to trust the voice of reason, no matter how it appears, when you know it knows what it's talking about. If someday a geeky 12-year-old who reads the wall-street journal for fun tells me to buy a certain stock I'm going for it...The way that the author jumps quickly within the same chapter from outlining basics of financial trends and mass psychology to real world illustrations, and then to applying these factors in the real world is very narrative in feel. Rather than reading a guide-book, I felt more like I did when reading T. Boone's biography which explained how he made his fortune in Natural Gas.This is a very entertaining read, and if nothing else, applying the general principles found within will help you to make better decisions by simply questioning your assumptions and second-guessing your "intuition" with a little logical reasoning (and applying the general investing principles for each segment so you buy low and sell high :). Also, if you are a layman who fancies himself an economics hobbyist (like I do), you will appreciate the references to numerous first-hand and second-hand information from experts in the fields related to behavioral economics.If I were head of a financial organization or in control of large financial resources and wanted to use this as a spring-board from reform, the general rule of thumb might be to put human computers in charge of the decision process and discard the advice of likable charismatics. As a person with Asperger's Syndrome, which is notorious for resulting in an overly-analytical view to decision-making, I found myself easily evading the traps in thinking in a lot of the example tests in the book (tests of "Which sounds like the better deal?"). Taken at face value, I can't help but think that putting people with similar emotional detachment in positions of large responsibility sounds like sound thinking after seeing countless examples in this book of how "normal" people are idiots when it comes to being logical (just as aspies are idiots when it comes to emotion).Overall, I'd highly recommend this book to anyone interested in learning about behavioral economics, or maybe just being a little sharper when it comes to their money. It's an easy, fun read, and enjoyable and useful enough that you will want to keep it on your shelf for reference and perusal.
I could barely put this book down; now, having just finished it, it is definitely going on my "best reads" list for 2005.  A thriller, yes, but just as captivating are the details and research (meticulous, indeed) that brings the geography and those few days in 79 A.D. to life again.  Anyone even remotely familiar with or interested in Pompeii's history will relish this fictionalized account.  Robert Harris has done a superb job!
Agreed with the previous reviews.  This is probably the best audio course I've used for beginning German.  I used it several years ago, to supplement my college level German courses.  Michel Thomas' course concentrates more on conversational German and less on worrying about grammar for reading/writing.  Use in conjunction with a college level course, or a good grammatical at-home course.
Tom Orlik has made a career of studying China's economic data, and he lays out what he has learned about 35 key indicators in "Understanding China's Economic Indicators". China moves markets these days, but how reliable are its economic data, and what do the numbers really mean? Orlik answers these questions in chapters dedicated to National Output, Investment and Real Estate, Household Sector, External Sector, Labor Markets, Prices, and Financial Indicators. He introduces each indicator by saying whether it is of high, medium, or low sensitivity, what it measures, where and when you can find the data online, and the source of the statistic. That is followed by detailed explanations of why it is important, how it is calculated, and how to interpret the numbers. Orlik concludes with comments on the indicator's impact on equity, commodity, and currency markets.Along with explanations of where these numbers come from are explanations of why they are in doubt, or, in some cases, why they are on solid ground. Occasionally, Orlik will say that the data are plain wrong, as in the case of unemployment, but usually he is pointing out biases in the statistics. It is not always clear what one should make of it, but that is the nature of the beast. Orlik explains why he is skeptical of the data, or not. The book's subtitle, "Translating the Data into Investment Opportunities", is optimistic. You'll have to do the translating yourself, for the most part. This isn't an investment guide. But Orlik's analysis of how the data are likely to affect markets is helpful, and the book is essential reading if you are planning to invest in Chinese equities or indexes, the Chinese yuan or Australian dollar, or metals.There are a lot of things to put on your economic calendar here, but the book doesn't just tell you what to check; it offers insight into how these markets work inside China. There is a lot of information that is not obvious, even if you normally read the data in the Financial Times, which makes this a good, though dense, book for reading as well as for reference. I don't have the expertise to agree or disagree with Tom Orlik's analyses or to know if he has left anything important out. But I like the book very much, partly due to its excellent organization. It is easy to find the information I am looking for. If you're just interested in how an indicator will move a market, look up the indicator, go to Market Impact, then backtrack to learn more if you want. Or read the whole section through to learn something about the world's second-largest economy.
I now love this book.  I bought it many years ago.  Back then I did not understand how use the inhale and exhales. and many of the other ideas.  I have since become a Certified Viniyoga Teacher and I refer to this often.
George Weigel has given us a brief but engaging and informative overview of the state of the Catholic Church, the election of Benedict XVI, and where Benedict will take the Church.  It reads very well, and in fact you find yourself wanting more.For instance, one of the issues for which Benedict was best known while Cardinal Ratzinger was his sympathy for the traditional Latin Mass, even when fashionable opinion in the Catholic world despised it.  He has said things about the reformed liturgy that his admirers today would have condemned people as "schismatic" for saying in the 1980s and 1990s.So it is of enormous significance that such a man was elected pope.  Weigel notes, in one fleeting reference, that Benedict will probably liberalize the allowance for the traditional Mass, but that's all we get.  It's almost as if Weigel, whose wing of Catholicism has not exactly had much good to say about the old rite, and which mastered all the arguments in favor of the new, isn't quite sure what to do or say now that we have a pope who's willing to concede half the points made by traditionalists.I am perhaps being petty by dwelling on this point.  The fact is that aside from this blind spot, Weigel has a sound grasp of the mind of the new pope and the serious challenges the Church faces.  He is one of the most significant observers of the Church today, which is why, if you want to get up to speed on this material quickly, you can't go wrong reading Weigel.(Oh, and by the way: N. Ravitch, below, is professor emeritus Norman Ravitch, who reviews all kinds of books he hasn't read and is a stark, raving anti-Catholic.  Do a Google search on him.)
I have taught 'Joey Pigza' about 7 times in the past ten years, and remember him fondly.  'Joeys' have energy to spare and don't have a mean bone in their bodies.  But having one in the classroom is like teaching with a time bomb in the room, a time bomb without a timer, that could go off at any moment without any signs that the explosion is imminent.  I love having 'Joey Pigzas' in my room, but they can cause damage just by being so distracting.Jack Gantos does a phenomenal job of bringing the internal world of Joey to life in this fast moving, riveting book.  The students I've read this aloud to (sometimes even the Joeys) listen with jaws agape at the antics and situations that Joey gets himself to.  I recommend both of the Joey Pigza books without hesitation, both to professionals who want to know more, and to children who have ADHD children in their classrooms.
I bought the hardcover version of this book for our 4 1/2 year old after we heard the story told at our local library by a professional storyteller.  It is such a delightful story and our whole family just loves it!  We have fun with the repetition that is in the story and have various gestures, voices and movements for them.  The illustrations are well done and overall, it is just a really fun book to read!
I wanted to read this as I am about to start my own adventure on the road. I think I will a little bit more comfortable accommodations than he had. His stories of Texas were entertaining as I a &#34;former&#34; New Yorker am now a &#34;Texan&#34;. Great peak at history.
This is an excellent book for the skeptic who thinks that &quot;it can't happen to us!&quot; I think many different companies (government and private sector alike) will be amazed at how comparitively little it actually costs to prevent a corporate disaster. Ever wish to go inside the mind of a good hacker and learn how he does it? This is the book for you!
At first I was disinterested in a story that I thought to be a romance written by a man...but then I started reading and couldn't stop.  It's more of a life story of a family that's lives are interwoven with another woman and her life.  How the groups become entagled and grow.  Almost like two ships that pass in the night and somehow become connected.  So no matter where they go or what they do they are always together.  A story about a love that is timeless and strong and something that neither party can deny or control and the beauty of the inner strength that holds us together as individuals.  A good read.
I would recommend this book to anyone, in fact have already told my daughter to read it. Really a great book.
I liked &#34;The Goldfinch&#34; so much that I sought out the earlier book and liked it as well.  A little less complex and a bit shorter but contains the same wonderful character development and intertwining plots.  The ending left me unfulfilled, but a great read anyway!
I probably wouldn't buy this again. While its full of helpful information, its heavy and you can't really expect to carry it in your white coat. It sits on my book shelf at home.
We have an old discarded library copy of this book; I didn't realize it was still in print, but I am so glad it is. I have two boys, ages currently 3 and 8, and they both love this book. The vocabulary of the book is kept simple, because it is an I Can Read book, so some of the dialogue seems a little stiff, but the kids do not seem to notice. Other reviewers have done a great job describing the story, and how much children love discovering that sugar and salt are made up of crystals (my kids especially love the bit about how crystals look better after you first dissolve them in water and then let the water evaporate) and so forth. I just wanted to point out that Arnold Lobel's illustrations do great justice to the text and really look like the structures that Greg and his family would be seeing in the microscope. This book is a great introduction to the microscopic world around us.
If there's such a thing as an American canon, this book should be there. Everytime I recommend this book to a friend, they ask, "Who's it by?" "Jack London." "Jack London! The author of call of the wild?"Well, yes. He's the one, but wait!, this book is like nothing else Jack London has ever written, and bears scant semblance to his Sea Wolf or Call of the Wild. In short, this is serious literature (advance apologies to Call of the Wild and Sea Wolf fans), and it's worth reading.This book reminded me a lot of Edith Wharton's Ethan Frome (another wonderful book). Both begin with hope, engage in change, and end in pathos. Martin Eden is a self-educated, self-made man (see why I say it should be in the American canon?) who attempts to garner the love of a young college student who pushes him out of what she sees to be his stifling chrysalis and become more like her and her fellow intelligentsia. The plot thickens when he does not only this, but surpasses them all in erudition with a passionate, eager mind, a more eager heart, and lots of hard work, all in the name of love. And then in the book's climax, he decides to ... oh, I can't tell you that. You'll hate me, and I'll ruin the book for you.What I can tell you, however, is that if you go to a bookstore, and pay full price for this book, you'll love it and feel that you've gotten a good bang for your buck. If you get it at a discount, you'll walk away feeling as though you've five-finger discounted this little gem.Read it ... you'll be glad you did.
It is among the best books I have already read in my life! Chip/Dan Heath show invaluable tools for the ones who want to persuade others on a non-manipulative manner. A must-read for every communicator.
Elie Wiesel's "Night" is the courageous tale of Wiesel's own experience as a teenager of being imprisoned in a Nazi prison camp. Wiesel and his whole family were taken to Auschwitz. He was the only one to survive. "Night" is a heatbreaking tale of struggle and survival in the worst of times.A friend recommend this book to me and I am so glad she did. Wiesel's novel was just amazing. Full of wrenching details, Wiesel gives the reader a picture of the terror that millions of people suffered at the hands of the Nazis. I highly recommend this book. It is not terribly long, but definitely worth the read.
"The Winter of our Discontent" was published in 1961, just before Steinbeck received the Nobel Prize in 1962.  The story is set in the late 1950s in New Baytown, a small (fictitious) New York -New England town which, Steinbeck tells us, had flourished during the whaling days of the mid-19th century.  The main protagonist of the book is Ethan Allen Hawley.  Ethan ("eth" to his friends is descended from early pirates and whaling captains. His family had lost its capital through speculative business ventures during WW II and Ethan, with has backround and his Harvard education, is reduced to working as a clerk in a small grocery store he once owned.  Marullo, an Italian immigrant, owns the store and calls Ethan "kid".For a short novel, the book includes a wealth of characters, many of which I found well described.  There is Ethan's wife Mary who is impatient with the family's impoverished lots and eager for Ethan's economic success as well as the couple's two children, Allen, who is writing an essay called "Why I Love America" and the sexually precocious daughter Ellen.  We meet the town banker, Mr. Baker, a bank clerk and a friend of Ethan's,  Margie Young-Hunt, twice married and the town seductress, and Danny Taylor, Ethan's childhood friend who has thrown away a career of promise and become a drunk.The book describes the deteriorations of Ethan's life as he gradually loses his integrity and succumbs to temptations to lift his life, and the lives of his family members, from its materially humble state to a state consistent with Ethan's felt family heritage and education and with the desire of his family for material comfort.  The story is sad and told in a style mixing irony and ambiguity that requires the reader to reflect and dig into what is happening.  The story ends on a highly ambiguous note with Ethan's future left in doubt.The book describes well the lessening of American standards and values.  The book seems to attribute the loss to an increasing passion for commercial and economic success among all people in the United States.  Juxtaposed with the economic struggle are pictures of, in steinbeck's view, what America was and what it could struggle to be.  I think the images are found in religion (much of the story is, importantly, set around Good Friday and Easter and these holidays figure preminently in the book), and in America's political and cultural heritage.  In the old town ofNew Baytown, America's history figures prominently with speeches from American statesment such as Henry Clay, Daniel Webster, and Abraham Lincoln tucked (suggestively) in the family attic.  The book is set against a backround of New England whaling and reminds the reader inevitably of a culture that produced Melville and a work of the caliber of Moby Dick.The most convincing scenes of the book for me were those where Ethan ruminates his life in his own mind and compulsively walks the streets of New Baytown at night.  I was reminded of Robert Frost, a poet of New England and his poem "Acquainted with the Night" which begins:"I have been one acquainted with the night.I have walked out in rain -- and back in rain.I have outwalked the furthest city light."Steinbeck captures much of the spirit of this wonderful poem.The plot of the book seems contrived at is climax and depends too much on coincidence.  The characters, and their inward reflections on themselves, the descriptions, the setting, and the theme of the book, mingled between a love for our country and a sense of despair, make the book memorable.
This is an excellent book to use in medical school pharmacology courses.  It then continues to be a great resource afterward.  The text is easy to read and understand.  One note, is that this is available on-line now through many schools, so before you purchase this, be sure that you don't have access to a free copy.
If you buy only one book on exercise this year, get this one. If you buy only two books, get a second copy of it because you're going to want to share it with friends, and if you're a trainer you're going to want to keep one at work to show clients.Body by Science explains the how and why of high intensity training, balancing enough scientific background to convey key principles and concepts without overwhelming the lay reader, and practical in-the-gym how-to. It is well organized, well researched, and well written, and an enjoyable and informative read. Every one of its eleven chapters contains a wealth of information, clearly explained with the assistance of numerous graphs and diagrams.The chapters include:1. Defining Health, Fitness, and Exercise2. Global Metabolic Conditioning3. The Dose-Response Relationship of Exercise4. The Big-Five Workout5. The Benefits of the Big-Five Workout6. Enhancing the Body's Response to Exercise7. Tweaking the Exercise Stimulus8. The Genetic Factor9. The Science of Fat Loss10. The Ideal Training Programs for Athletes11. The Ideal Training Program for SeniorsThe book thoroughly and conclusively debunks the belief that aerobics or "cardio" is necessary for cardiovascular fitness or fat loss, and provides scientific explanations for why high intensity strength training is the most effective way to accomplish both of these. For those of you still harboring doubts about this, Body by Science will put them to rest. McGuff and Little also explain why high intensity strength training is the safest and most effective exercise protocol for improving:* resting metabolic rate* glucose metabolism* insulin sensitivity* body composition* cholesterol levels* blood pressure* bone mineral density* symptoms of arthritis* lower-back pain* and enhancing flexibilityAll of this is backed up by properly performed studies published in reputable, peer-reviewed scientific journals, comprising nearly 30 pages of references contained at the end of the book.Body by Science goes into great detail on the dose-response relationship of exercise and proves just how little high intensity exercise is actually required for best results - far less than many people believe - also backed up by scientific research and the results of a combined 30 years of supervising and tracking the progress of thousands of trainees through tens of thousands of workouts.While the book is not heavy on routines - and once you'll read it you'll understand why it doesn't need to be - it offers a solid starting point along with recommendations for variations using different equipment and for more advanced trainees. It also covers the appropriate use of advanced high intensity training methods such as forced reps, partials, static holds, rest-pause, negative-only, SuperSlow and Max Contraction.Body by Science also explains the numerous genetic factors determining individual muscular potential and response to exercise, and how this information can be used to fine tune your workouts to get the best results possible. The chapter on genetics also contains an interesting discussion of epigenetics - how high intensity strength training influences the expression of your genes.Chapter 9, The Science of Fat Loss, destroys numerous myths while explaining how training, diet and other factors combined to produce discriminated fat loss. It further debunks the popular misconception that aerobics or "cardio" are effective or even necessary for fat loss.Chapters 10 and 11 address the training requirements of athletes and seniors and how the concepts and principles explained in the book should be adapted for those populations, including specific routines for football, hockey, baseball and golf. Chapter 10, The Ideal Training Programs for Athletes, also addresses numerous popular misconceptions about skill training, conditioning, stretching, warming up, and cross-training. Chapter 11, The Ideal Training Programs for Seniors, explains the numerous benefits high intensity strength training has for seniors, including how strength training reverses the effects of aging on the expression of numerous genes.All in all, Body by Science is one of the best HIT books I've read in a long time, and I highly recommend it.
I really like this book because it has opened up a whole new avenue for me, and showed me with simple descriptions all the areas where I was doing it wrong.  I almost felt stupid that I did not know about provisional patents.  I thought the only way to protect your ideas was the traditional patent route, and the 10-20 thousand dollars that route can cost.  I did not know that a simple provisional patent, that can be filed for $110 would give me even more protection than a patent the first year I filed it.  And that I could get a company to pay for my patent when they license my idea!  How can you not love this book?Stephen Key walks you through the steps of taking your idea from birth all the way through getting some company to send you royalty checks every quarter.  You come up with the idea, then follow the steps laid out to getting paid for that idea.  You do not need to have really brilliant ideas either.  A simple product improvement can be licensed.  A manufacturing change can be licensed.  A procedure change can be licensed.  The list is pretty endless in regards to what you can do.  Can you take an existing product, change it slightly, and use it for some other non-related use?  Yes you can, and you can get paid to do it!Here is how this book will help me.  I started writing ideas down in a small five inch notebook on may 4, 2004.  I date all the ideas, my memory is not that good.  I have 7 of these notebooks filled with ideas, changes, upgrades, etc.  I take notes on a voice recorder in my car because ideas always pop in my head while I am driving.  I know a lot of people get ideas in the shower, but I was on a nuclear submarine a long time ago and got in the habit of taking very fast showers because we can't waste water.  So my shower time is very fast and focused, no time for ideas, but driving really works well for me.  The positive side of that experience is that many of my ideas relate to saving resources.I looked through all 7 books this week.  My old thinking told me many of these ideas need an expensive, and time consuming patent.  Now that I know about provisional patents I am looking at these ideas in a whole new light.  I came across 19 ideas that I can follow up with right now.  Then there are many more that need some more thought, and quite a few that are already on the market.  Someone that knew how to market them beat me to the punch.  That will not happen again.According to Stephen, licensing is a numbers game.  You will not get every idea licensed, it is better to be prolific.  With the details he gives in this book I am confident I can research the market, protect my idea, target specific companies, create a "sell sheet" and benefits statement, and approach my targeted companies to start discussing a licensing partnership.If you have ideas that you think can make money, you need to read this book.  I normally read a book once, but I have read and reread many chapters in this book.  It is an excellent guide which I am positive will make a difference in my life.  I look forward to one day meeting with Stephen and thanking him in person.
This book presents a fantastic overview of the hedge fund industry.  The intended target audience is hedge fund investors, which is reinforced by the author's credentials as an executive in a &quot;Fund of Funds&quot;.  In addition, the book would be very useful as an interview to financial markets, useful for business students interested in careers in trading or hedge funds.The book starts with a broad overview of market theory, covering efficient markets, diversification theory and strengths and weaknesses of the &quot;Random Walk&quot; theory.  The book then moves to an overview of the various investment tools available to hedge funds, such as going long and short on stock prices and volatility.  (If you'd like to know in plain english what being &quot;long volatility&quot; means, this is a good book for you!)  The book then covers legal, financial and operational details of running a fund.  Lastly, it covers the various types of funds, such as equity funds and event driven funds.  The scope of the material covers financial institutions such as investment banks and brokers that support hedge funds.In summary, this was a very informative introductory text on both hedge funds and markets.  It will be very useful to both new investors in hedge funds, as well as students of financial markets.  The math is well explained, and there are only a few tough technical sections.Enjoy!
A somewhat queer book, but widely regarded as a classic. West is a splendid prose stylist, but not entirely trustworthy as a historian. She flits continually back and forth across the line between fact and fiction, and draws more symbolic meaning and universal truth from any given scene than any mere mortal rightfully ever should. West can be criticized for being almost obsequiously pro-Serbian, narrowly anti-Croat and even bigoted in her aversion to Germans, but her attitudes are easier to understand if one considers the time during which she did her research and writing. The book became controversial in some intellectual circles during the 1990s, as some believe Western policymakers were under the influence of Black Lamb and Grey Falcon when they were late and weak about intervening in the wars of Yugoslav succession. That strikes me as a silly notion. In that West has written 1,150 pages and continually diverges from the main thread of her narrative, I frankly doubt that more than a handful of policymakers-in all countries of the globe combined-ever have read her book from cover to cover. She herself confesses (p. 773) that "hardly anybody will read" her book "by reason of its length." Like War and Peace, Moby Dick and the Holy Bible, this is a literary classic that one should read because it is good for you.
Why does anyone need to read this book? The answer is simple - the author says, "The more trustworthy you become, the more success you have the potential to achieve."In the business of providing advice, trust is everything. No one cares how smart, intelligent, and talented one is, unless he or she can be trustworthy. This book describes to readers what trust is, what makes trust happen, how trust occurs, how to trust, and how to become trustworthy.If you are a salesperson, doctor, lawyer, accountant, or anyone providing advice, you will benefit from this book.- Mariusz Skonieczny, author of Why Are We So Clueless about the Stock Market? Learn how to invest your money, how to pick stocks, and how to make money in the stock market
&quot;The Mists of Avalon&quot; is much more than a simple reformulation of the traditional Authurian legends.  First, it is one of the premier fantasy novels of the late 20th century.  Not only does it successful incorporate most of the themes of the fantasy genre, but it also sets a new standard by which all later works will be judged.  I was particularly impressed with the way Marion Zimmer Bradley was able to incorporate all the elements of the Arthurian myths in such a unique and creative way.  Second, there is no denying that the book is a significant statement of feminist philosophy.  Bradley carefully explores the transition from matriarchal to patriarchal society with the advent of civilization.  At times I felt like I was reading textbooks from my college Women's Studies courses.  Third, &quot;Mists of Avalon&quot; explores the rise of Christianity and its inevitable clash with pagan religions.  Here is where I thought the book stumbled.  Bradley spends most of the book exploring the idea that Christianity was intolerant of other religious beliefs and aggressively sought to eradicate them.  I found the ending (which I won't reveal) inconsistent with Bradley's formulation of Christianity and the beliefs of Avalon.  Nevertheless, there are many layers to this beautifully crafted novel.  Whatever their personal philosophy or beliefs, readers will be challenged by the multitude of viewpoints.  My biggest complaint about the novel is that I felt it could have used a better editor.  I love long, complex books, but this is a story that could have been told in 450-600 pages, not the 800+ of my paperback edition.  When I found myself getting bogged down in the middle of the book, I skipped about 100 pages and didn't feel like I'd missed a thing in terms of plot, character development or theme.
The racism of South Africa in the 1940s is transcended in poetic beauty in the still very relevant classic Cry, the Beloved Country.  We weep with umfundisi Stephen Kumalo who carries the weight of his family's transgressions.
I really enjoyed this book!...and that's saying a lot since I don't read parenting books very often. This book is well written and doesn't lay blame on the parents like many of them do. She focuses on mutual respect between the parent and child and has an excellent grasp on balance within the relationship. She makes no mistake about who is in charge, but offers gentle suggestions on how to model the behavior you wish to see in your child. She understands that every child is different and not all suggestions work for all children...but many of them do, especially when used consistently.She has a separate section on anger and that was helpful to know that I am not the only mother who is trying to consciously deal with feelings of frustration and anger when my children don't behave the way I would like. It has also helped me to be more realistic as to my expectations of my children. Being more realistic and gentle with them and myself has helped to ease the mental monologue that leads to those feeelings in the first place.I highly recommend this book to parents who wish to have more tools in their parenting toolbox so that yelling and threatening AREN'T the tactics always used because there aren't any other options left. When you have other options to try, you feel more in control of the situation. I will be keeping this book for future reference!
As I said in the title,this boock is a good introduction to weird bike construction. Usefull hints and technical tips specially for beginers. I recomend it  anyway.
Thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. Found many ideas worth learning and living. I love where he brings the vampire into the light of the campfire. Soon I wanted to contemplate more deeply the meaning of "Do unto others what you would have others do unto to you." Quite thought provoking. The whole book is.
I saw this movie first, but I still wanted to read the book because supposedly the book is always better. In this case, the book was just like the movie but it was still good nevertheless. This book takes you on a journey of seven different women, each with her own set of problems. The one things that brings each of these women together is Brewster Place, something one would call "the projects". Brewster place helps all of these women come together in the end by taking control of Brewster Place and the violence that went along with it.  VERY GOOD BOOK!!!
This is really nice for delving into a language and learning in a memorable way. Love the story idea and I hope to be able to spend more time with it as I go.
According to many people, this is a classic.  Now I won't go that far, but this book introduces us to one of the greatest type of characters - the educated buffoon.  I like to refer to it as the first smart-stupid comedy.The first thing I must say is that the readability is quite lacking.  The superfluous flowery language, the street vernacular, and the outdated slang make it quite annoying to read at some points.  I know that many people say that that is part of its charm.  That may be true, but nonetheless, it's not an easy Sunday read.That said, this book is character driven, and Toole really delves into the eccentricities of all characters involved.  The plot really revolves on Ignatius Reilly; a master's educated fat doofus with tons of book knowledge, but no social skills whatsoever.  A computer nerd way before computers really were popular.  A Comic book guy way before the Simpsons.  He deals with his mother, his mother's friends, a bad luck cop, a mysterious hipster girl from New York, the owners and employees of a pants factory and a seedy bar all in complex and humorous interminglings.Not only funny, it sheds life on a non-classical dysfunctional family, the city of New Orleans in the past, and a whole lot more.  While the humor and insight is entertaining, the fluidity of the novel takes away from a great novel.
Judy Estrin has a genuine pedigree in innovation coming from a family of innovators. Her father worked with John von Neumann (the father of modern digital computing) at the Institute of Advanced Studies in Princeton and her mother was a professor at the computer science department of UCLA.  Judy has a Silicon Valley pedigree having had senior roles or been a board member at: Sun Microsystem (who build servers on which banks, telecoms providers and many [...] depended - now part of Oracle), Cisco (who pretty much are the internet infrastructure) and FedEx.The book addresses the challenge of innovation that we currently have.In Closing the innovation gap, I found the book to fall into three distinct sections:* Charting the origins and progress of what I will call `innovation entropy' in the west. This talks about how the cold war was entwined with the rise and stall of innovative research that helped in creation of technology that we take for granted today: keyhole surgery, the internet, modern computers, cellular phones and CCDs (coupled-charged device which go into digital cameras.)* The economic and cultural effects of `innovation entropy'. In this respect Estrin echoes the work of Will Hutton's The state we're in published in 1996 which I read in college. Like Hutton, Estrin is a critic of short-termism in business, the financial markets, academia and government spending. Some of this short-termism was unintentional as the law of unintended consequences kicked in due to changes in regulations that were designed to encourage innovation. A secondary factor that Estrin points out is a corresponding lack of appetite for risk - or the rise of risk management which has helped cripple long-term research which begat big innovation* How to address `innovation entropy'. Estrin maps out the areas where educators, government, financiers and businesses need to change and collaborate on. This collaboration requires root-and-branch changeEstrin's book is powerful as she pulls together a coherent story which makes it easy to read. As a prominent person within Silicon Valley she gains access to many people who are at the head of organisations driving innovation at the present time.
the story is delicious to read...fifty eight years after i first picked it up from the floor of the childrens library. the coloured pictures are wonderful as well..this book is not just for children but a thing of beauty for people of all ages to share.
In "Saint Maybe" Anne Tyler focuses again on her favorite subject, people - a seemingly average family, the Bedloes.Bee and Doug Bedloe live with their three children in a small town, on Waverly street, where everyone has their place - there are the newlyweds, the foreigners, the old lady... The Bedloes are the Happy Family. The ideal family. Average, so that they do not make others jealous of their achievements, but no scandalous behavior: the parents are happily married, the daughter, Claudia, is also happily married off and a good mother, the older son, Danny, works at the post office, and the youngest, Ian, is in high school. Everything is in balance, everything is just so. Until Danny suddenly decides to marry Lucy Dean, a perky divorcee with two children, who came out of nowhere and nobody knew anything about her. The speculations rise, and culminate in the birth of the baby, Daphne, just 7 months after Lucy's and Danny's wedding. Ian, who is the central character in the novel, decides to share his suspicions with Danny, who dies a moment after hearing the news, starting the chain of irreversible events which forever change Ian's and the whole family's life.Danny's death and Lucy's sleeping pills overdose shortly after make Ian feel terribly guilty. This guilt and its consequences are really what "Saint Maybe" is about. The events I described above, leading to the tragedy, are only the beginning (that is why I do not consider the description a spoiler). The novel is, in this respect, anti-climactic - everything happens at the beginning and the most dramatic event is only a starting point.  The real subject is the analysis of guilt, atonement and despair, and a profound change in Ian Bedloe's life after his brother's death. Ian feels burdened with responsibility and decides to take up the upbringing of Lucy's children - Tommy, Agatha and Daphne. He feels weak and at a loss, but perseveres despite his doubts and difficulties. His path is very much influenced by the Church of the Second Chance, a small congregation of slightly peculiar views..."Saint Maybe" is not a novel with a rich plot or surprising turns of events and no straightforward answers are given to the obvious questions, which may pop into the reader's head as suggested at the beginning (Was Lucy really cheating? Is Daphne Danny's daughter?), so do not look for them. Instead, this novel is a great study of painful, lifelong guilt and coming to terms with it. The questions answered are more universal. The characters are stereotypical, they are supposed to be so (that's why I am surprised to see the criticism of "foreigners" in some other reviews - these are not real people; these are foreigners how the neighbors from their small town, for example Doug Bedloe, see them). Only towards the end, marked by experience, they finally come to life.Anne Tyler wrote a very good book, solid and lifelike, tackling a real problem and managing to get to its core with humor, sadness, hope and love.
At first I couldn't decide whether I loved this book or hated it. Now, having quickly turned the pages, finding I couldn't put it down, and finishing it in two weekdays, I think I like it! I don't particularly like the characters (these are not the kind of people I would want to be friends with) but found them fascinating to observe in a reality television fishbowl kind of way. The fact that there is no plot per se, was actually fine with me. I just read the book as a series of misadventures and enjoyed the ride. The characterizations and absurdities brought to mind Catch-22 and Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas.The dialogue is quite clever and the dialects superb. It's unfortunate Toole didn't live to continue his writing career.
Lord Jim turned out to be one of the best novels I have read, and I admit around page 180, for the first time I can remember, I was considering not finishing a novel I had started.  The first novel I read by Joseph Conrad was Heart of Darkness, which was narrated by Marlow.  Lord Jim is also narrated by Marlow, which was an interesting twist.  However, it also made the first 180 pages difficult to follow.  Instead of reading a story, a story is being told to the reader.  But the book is composed of two parts: Marlow telling us the introduction, and Marlow's letter to one who also heard the story the night Marlow told it.  I felt this added something to the novel, making it more thrilling.  The last 60-80 pages flew by, the conclusion was exciting, and then it was over.  I have read three of Conrad's novels, and I like how he finishes them.What happens.  Jim is a sailor who dreams of glory, but falters in his first trial.  He spends time trying to avoid his past and eventually finds himself the guardian of a people in remote India.  When trouble seeks him again, he makes a decision with horrible consequences.  But instead of running from the consequences as he had earlier in his life, he faces them.  An amazing novel.
Good book! I highly recommend it!
I enjoyed the book because I had interviewed with Salomon in the mid 70s but was rejected; someone told me they were not hiring women at the time in the corporate finance dept.  This book gives a very good insight into the trading floors of the investment banks and written from a first person viewpoint, it makes the story more interesting.I'm curious as to Salomon's reaction to Lewis' book written only a year or two after he left the company it seems.
An intriguing first novel about a group of college friends whose love of Greek classicism (and a greatteacher) leads to murder. While many critics have found this book pretentious, I found the charactersinteresting and well drawn. In fact, the charcters are the most interesting part of the book. The murderthat occurs and what leads up to it is less interesting than getting inside these characters heads. Readthis for a well-written look at five people and a look inside their heads as they go through a terrible yearin college. If you're looking for a good mystery however, look elsewhere. This is a character study.
After reading this book, I was hoping that there would be another book written about Katie.  I am so glad to find out that there is!  I really enjoy reading about her since she reminds me so much of myself growing up living in daydreams...saying one thing while meaning another.  I have quickly become an Elizabeth Berg fan and it's too bad that I didn't discover her sooner!
We purchased this book for a child who is interested in sailing and his parents wrote us that he really loved getting it and he is reading and studying it.
Deitel &amp; Deitel are extremely detail-oriented.  The book gives a very thorough review of different topics.  With 1400+ pages, I use it for two semesters at the College level.  The feedbacks from students are 70% positive.  Learn C++ with the MS C++ compiler with the examples in the book makes it easy. With the new Visual C++ .net in the market place, this book will be obsolete very soon even it is just recently published.  What is lacking is the example in Finance, Fixed Instruments, and Derivatives...
This book is one of the must-haves for step 2 cs. I had the pressure of time over my shoulders, and had only 1 week to practice for the exam. Studying the minicases hard and then practicing with a group of 5 other fellow students, I was well prepared. This book gives you just what you need. Awesome buy, you won't regret it!
Mark Haddon's debut novel is a funny and brilliant journey into the the autistic mind of Christopher Boone - it is a murder mystery, an alternate world view and a social drama all wrapped up and seen through a "different" 15 year old's eyes.Christopher is mathematically brilliant (and often solves complex equations or computes higher powers of 2 to entertain himself and improve concentration) but is a social misfit - he hates being touched and often finds it difficult to understand others and communicate. Christopher's investigations to find the murderer of a neighbor's dog leads him to other things in his life...Mark Haddon's style is extremely visual in nature and his skillful potrayal of Christopher helps you connect with the autistic as well as the normal side of yourself simultaneously. It makes (at least the more mathematical amongst us) see how close they are to being like Christopher. Christopher's collection of Factoids about prime numbers, science and nature is impressive too.Thoroughly enjoyable.
When I got to the end of the Judas Child I closed it and said "Wow!"  There are surprises all the way through the book but I never ever saw the ending coming!  I also don't want to reveal too much but the characters are so wonderfully drawn.  Sadie is feisty and fearless.  Her friend Gwen is bright, more quiet but yet has her own unique strength.  Rouge is detached and yet haunted by the similarities between the disappearance of Sadie and Gwen and the murder of his twin sister Susan.  And then there's Ali who is relentless in her pursuit of an answer to what happened to the two girls.  O'Connell presents the story using several points of view.  The plot is very well developed and results in an ending that truly shocked me.  This is an Excellent read.  But don't pick it up and expect to read a little and come back to it later.  Once you start reading you won't be able to put it down.
This book is tied for my #2 favorite Heyer novel. I love the independent, older heroine who thinks she knows everything until she matches wits with a notorious rake! The dialogue between Annis and Oliver is quite witty and made me smile. They are an evenly matched pair. The secondary characters provide much of the screwball comedy antics Heyer is known for.  I chuckled out loud in many places and smiled at the end. I love comedy of manners plots and no one did it better than Heyer. I enjoyed this book as much as I did the first time, even if it is basically a copy of her earlier book Black Sheep. I loved Black Sheep. It was great so why mess with success?
The idea of explaining American history in about 700 pages certainly is ambitious. I have to take my hat of to Hugh Brogan for even trying. On the whole, he manges to do a reasonable job of it. If you're like me and you feel that your school district let you down when it set out to teach you about your own history, give this book a try.He brings a unique perspective in reviewing American history as a Briton. Not being a product of American society and not having grown up with all of the ingrained myths that we have about our own country, he's able to bring some important objectivity.On certain topics, the book is necessarily brief. However, Brogan manages to hit the themes that are overarching in American history, such as the struggle of African Americans and the European relationship (or lack thereof) to Native Americans.As a small aside, I was stunned by the fact that he never even mentions the fact that Americans placed the first humans on the moon. I don't see how he could cover Vietnam and Watergate in detial while ignoring this parallel story.
I suspect that Harold Bloom just doesn't "get" "The Sound and the Fury."  Either that, or Benji's discourse simply humbles the old literary lion who simply can't stop writing the praises of "Hamlet" as evidence of Shakespeare's "invention" of personality.  In fact, if Bloom has the final say about Faulkner in the canon, it's probably "As I Lay Dying" that makes the cut.  A shame, because as nifty and tidy a novel as that dark comedy about language and consciousness is, it's not as representative of Faulkner's towering genius as either "The Sound and the Fury" or "Absalom! Absalom!"Before writing "Absalom," Faulkner himself made it clear that "S & F" was his greatest accomplishment, an inspired and "ecstatic" adventure in language against which the later "As I Lay Dying" and "Light in August" paled into far more commonplace, deliberately-plotted narratives.  Caddy's muddy drawers represented the resplendent moment that Faulkner thereafter tried but in his own mind failed to recapture.In this exceptional instance, an author's words about his literary children are to be taken seriously.  Nothing in American literature quite matches the sheer exhilaration and extemporaneousness of Quentin's chapter, which documents the final day of a suicidal teenager yet ends in rhetoric as thunderous as the sermons in "Portrait of an Artist" and "Moby Dick."  The daunting words are those of Quentin's father, and they resonate even more powerfully in Quentin's and the reader's mind than the ominous charge the ghost lays upon Hamlet.Like Hamlet, Quentin's world is threatening to disintegrate because of the failures of parents.  But whereas Hamlet resists the heroic in favor of a realistic assessment of life's fragility, Quentin clings to the Chalice and his ideals as a defence against mutability.  And whereas Hamlet imagines he has to deal with "incestuous sheets," Quentin actually supplies the incest theme to insure his actions can unfold in a context no less heroic than Hamlet's or Oedipus'.Unlike these latter heroes, who fixate our attention, Quentin's consciousness surrounds us, drawing us into its contents.  We identify not only with Quentin but Caddy and Benjy.  All three are  the child in all of us, seeking reassurances and guidance in the face of loss, real and imagined.  And most readers who have lived long enough to experience disillusionment will simultaneously identify with Mr. Compson, so well-intentioned, so capable of providing the children the strength they need, yet so paralyzed by his own Hamlet-like obsession with death and dissolution.Quentin may repeatedly invoke Macbeth's "walking shadow," and the novel's title may echo that same play, but this is story that rivals "Hamlet" in its forcefulness, vitality, and inexhaustibility.
One of my first opinions formed about this book was that there are an awful lot of pictures and many of them don't really add anything to the text.  In fact, there were some cases where I found the illustration was more confusing than the text it was supposed to be clarifying.  That isn't such a big deal, I suppose, but I think the book could have been a fair amount thinner if they had just left out the pictures that didn't need to be there.The company I am currently working for loves security.  Sometimes it feels like they go a bit overboard.  In that light, it was kind of fun to read this book and be able to say to myself, "yes, we do that... and that... and that..."  The book offered explanations as to why such and such a precaution is necessary and what it will help to prevent.  A few of the explanations were new to me--things I hadn't considered.  Most of the concepts, however, I did already know, even if I hadn't consciously thought about a few of them before.All in all, a good review for anyone interested in securing their networks.  However, if you are in a position to be able to set up many of the protocols, tools, etc. then you probably already know most of it.  Conversely, if you are learning a lot from this book, you very likely won't have the means (or need) to set up the kinds of precautions.  That leaves people like me as a good target audience--I'm not a security professional--I just find the topic interesting.  If that's you, then you may enjoy this book.
I love all of Pauline Gedge's novels about ancient Egypt. She seems to know how to make that era come back to life, and to be able to inhabit the minds of the people and bring them to life as  they were in their own time.  Akhenaten is one of the most mysterious figures of the distant past, and she attempts to recreate him. It is difficult, as even the Egyptian experts argue over whether he was mad, a megalomaniac, suffering from a genetic disease, or all of the above. Read this together with a non-fiction book, Nicholas Reeves' "Akhenaten: Egypt's False Prophet" which has lots of beautiful photographs and illustrations, and does, despite what some reviewers wish to hear, agree that he fathered children on his older daughters (as did other pharaohs).  Whether he married Tiye, his mother, is unknown according to what I have read, but certainly possible in the context of Egyptian beliefs at that time.  What is most important is the turmoil he plunged the nation into by suppressing all worship of the old gods and insisting on the worship of the Aten (sun disc) which could be worshipped only by worshipping him--- so it was not really true monotheism as history books used to say.  At any rate, this is a fascinating book, attempting to explain him and his time, and make it feel as if you were there in the almost claustrophobic court of Amarna where a mad, mystic king is the sole ruler and everyone waits for him to fall, and his heir is the child Tutankamun.
I found the story intriguing, beautiful and heart-breaking. Much like life. I enjoyed every single page of this book and was devestated when it ended. It's an extraordinary tale of love, commitment and devotion that transcends all barriers.
It wasn't as full of war, death and strife as the preceding books. It was slower moving and has less action. But it set up many connections and deepened the affection between the characters and settled a few scores along the ways  The story flowed forward as it should and prepared the reader for the next book. I found it a good read and it kept my interest but I didn't feel pressure to be reaching constantly. I was secure that the story would wait for me to get back to it Though as day seldom passed that i didn't find myself on The Ridge.
Starting with the premise that computer applications should be designed with users in mind, the author explains how knowledge about human perception can be used to understand the rationale behind design rules for computer applications.  This book provides many specific, informative examples and illustrations that make it easy for the reader to follow the author's observations, arguments, and conclusions about design rules.  The book is well-written, making it easier for the reader to understand and follow the various points made by the author.This is a book aimed at a technical audience.  But, the book's discussion of the parameters of human perception and how they affect the way people interact with computers can be useful to people interested in design rules for non-computer technology.  Also, managers interested in understanding how computer technology can help or hinder them and their employees should consider reading this book, even if they are not IT professionals.
Drucker is rightfully considered the father of modern management. This is an excellent addition to the two score books that he wrote himself. Whether it is truly 'The Definitive Drucker' as it claims is an academic point. See 'The Essential Drucker' if you would like to make your own comparisons.Most Business books these days seem to have one point surrounded with fluff, excessive examples and self-aggrandizement. This book has more ideas to change your corporation than a shelf full of average CEO stories.
This is not a text book on numerical algorithm: very light mathematics and there lacks something I expected, say, spline, high order differential equations and so on. However I don't complain at all, the reading is very enjoyable. Essential concepts and methods well explained. For those who are not good at math or don't intend to become a mathematician but have to get work done, will find this book a great resource. There is also some fun stuff for you to play with numbers: caculating the Pi, drawing a Mandelbrot and so on. You can find some interactive applets on the authors homepage.The code written for numerical computing in this book is very beautiful, in an OOP manner, design pattern applied and detailed documented. It never brings you hard time to figure out the parameters and indexes. Reading the code you can understand the algorithm more thoroughly. I found the idea behind the organisation of the code is brilliant. Also a good book to learn good programming.What's interesting, the author declares there's some intended errors in this book, he wants to see if readers pay any attention. Okay, I haven't read every page of this book and am curious to see what I would find out.What's awkward, the package offered on his site never got accessed by my Java SDK 1.4.1. I had to pick out the source files and make new packages. The innen structure of this nc.jar appears a bit weird to me. Hope this is not an &quot;intended error&quot;.Anyways, thanks to Mr.Mak for this excellent book.-Ellen
I don't normally read biographies because they always seem so "dry" to me but this one is different.  Reads like a novel and is thoroughly enjoyable.  At first I thought I would leave it on my coffee table and read it in bits but I soon found myself glued to it and unable to put it down.  I would read more biographies if they were all like this.
Another entry in the long line about nefarious things going on in this wonderful city. If you liked Leon's other books, you will not want to miss this one. She writes with her usual craftsmanship and knowledge of the city.
Forgive me for gushing, but this is a work unequaled among modern American novels. Bellow's novels are invariably thoughtful, playful, funny and profound, and this is his greatest.No, (as the reviews below attest) its not a novel to dip into between servings of the latest pablum masking as literature. It takes a little work on the reader's part, as do all of Bellow's works, but the pay-off is enormous.It's instructive that reviewers below who've panned the book haven't read other Bellow before coming to Augie March. Bellow's writing style - long, elegant sentences full of digressions and asides - can be difficult until you find their rythmn, which typically takes 50-100 pages, but once you do the poetry of the book carries you along with little effort. And Augie March is the densest of Bellow's books, so the learning curve can be longer than usual, certainly when you havent read other Bellow.Stick with the book. like all great literature, it rewards concentrated reading.
The technical examples he uses are somewhat humourously dated now (this was originally published in 1973), and I am not so enamored with the layout he uses, but his pointers are still relevant and excellent.This is the single best book I've seen on removing extraneous noise from technical prose. After steeping yourself in this book you will start to see countless opportunities for improving the clarity and conciseness of your writing.I paid $20 for this in 1986, and having been out of print so long copies are terribly expensive. Hopefully you can find one for a reasonable price, it's well worth it.
Indispensible book for breaking down the stepping stones & basic concepts of internal medicine, best book for shelf prep. After the shelf exam, I realized that questions I was clueless about were the few chapters I failed to read.  Really good at breaking down the beginning level of testable concepts in the vastness of IM.
I recently finished listening to the CD version of See No Evil: The True Story of a Ground Soldier in the CIA's War on Terrorism by Rober Baer. This is a very disturbing book as it describes the evisceration of the CIA by career bureaucrats whose only interest appears to be not to rock the boat. The author, a career CIA officer, makes it abundantly clear that had the CIA been operating as it should have been in the late 1980s 1990s that 9/11 would have been detected and deflected long before it occurred. His account of inadvertently discovering the location of a kidnapped CIA station chief in Lebanon and then not having the information acted upon by brain dead superiors makes for riveting reading and listening. (That station chief later died in captivity.) Even more disturbing is the penetration of the CIA by the oil lobbies and former President Clinton turning a blind eye to funds channeled from both Russia and China to the DNC. The refusal of both liberals and conservatives to deal with Ted Kennedy and others' involvement with this scandal indicates a very deep corruption of government by private interests across the board.
This is a multi-dimensional movement through war/Vietnam and life with all its random unintended consequences. It includes a very detailed inventory of a soldiers "gear!": the physical, actual stuff and all the psychological "inventory!" I didn't actually fight in Vietnam but, as a teacher, witnessed its horrific impacts on a generation of young people who I taught. Mr. O'Brien lays out those impacts with the suddenness of the random sniper's shot and its lethal result. I was uneasy throughout this read always expecting the worst around the next curve in the jungle trail or the road at home. I think that is what Tim intended..it was a terrible war with loses that we will never know! God bless those who fought and died and those who came home!
I just bought this book for my second grade class.  My 19-year-old daughter read it at home. She visited my classroom and insisted she be the one to read the book to my class.  The kids loved the story. Poor Grandpa's teeth are missing!  There are several suspects.  The "mystery" is solved with the last illustration.  About half of my students "got it" but, regardless, all of the children enjoyed the story immensely.
I have read this book at least 6 or 7 times and I often think of the issues it raises. Principally it asks what exactly is evil? Okay - so we are grappling with semantics and degree as we all exhibit traits, which could be described as evil: selfishness, greed, anger etc. But the book describes an individual for whom truth is entirely subjective, remorse and empathy is totally lacking.There are many encounters described by the author: of meetings with evil individuals. they are characterised by the constant stream of, often inconsequential, lies.I think I have met a few folks just like this - reptiles beneath the skin.Chilling stuff.But listen: the book is not a scientific treatise - but a descriptive adventure which is thought provoking.
Like all of Mauve Binchey's books, this one draws you into the characters and keeps you wondering what paths their lives will take. While her endings are realistic, this time I found myself wishing she had brought a happy closure instead of leaving the reader to imagine their own! I wanted proof that Clare and David forgave each other and "lived happily ever after."
I loved this book. The author writes about the main characters, Floretino Ariza and Fermina Daza in depth, but keeps just enough mystery about them that is revealed, little by little, as you keep reading. Ariza is a little pathetic and a martyr, and there are disturbing aspects to his personality.Fermina has her flaws also. However, this is a fascinating love story that spans over 51 years, full of surprises, including a beautiful ending.
The Winter of our discontent by John SteinbeckEthan runs the store and others approach him to take some cuts in the form of money. Everybody does it, bribes..Mary his wife wants more for her and the kids. She has money from her family that she hopes he will turn into more by investing.Others in town want him to buy some stocks and bonds, others want him to buy real estate.He's quite happy with what he has and wants Mary to save the money for her future, if he's not around.His boss tells him how to charge more money for food they sell by not cutting off fat or the bread edges..Love the legend and talk of the widow's walk and the history of the whaling industry in the town.Love the cave he found to really think about things..His father had gambled their money away and he's very reluctant to gamble his wives money...His children also are involved in a contest, write how you love America and they hope to win money..He has the opportunity to change their lives...
I'm very surprised to see the wide range of reviews for this book as it was exactly what I've been looking for. Thankfully, I received it as a gift from one of the nurses on my oncology team at the research hospital where I am a patient for chemotherapy, etc.Be forewarned, there is such a variety of books out there and everyone is going to be handing you cookbooks and advice. The problem I encountered was that little of the content in these was clinically proven and I was disappointed that there wasn't more coming out of the American Cancer Society or the American Dietary Association that was as helpful and relevant as this book.As such, when I started reading the introductory chapter that discuss cancer at the cellular level -- where cancer begins -- and then gets into how cancer progresses from a cell into a tumor that then disrupts an organ's entire system, followed by Chapter 3, "Cancer: When Good Cells Go Bad" and Chapter 4 "The Body Strikes Back," this was just the context I was looking for to understand what the context and role of food is in cancer. So, for me, the first half of the book was very helpful. However, I can understand how others -- maybe not wanting that detailed of a background -- might be a bit perplexed at the approach. However, they should just skip the first half and begin with Chapter 5 "Carbohydrates and Cancer."Everyone is unique -- in my case, everything tastes like sea water among other issues -- but, I think most readers will find Part 2 very helpful:Ch 11 Friendly Fire: The Nutritional Side Effects of TreatmentCh 12 Prediet PreparationCh 13 Making Your Diet Plan Work for YouCh 14 Higher Carb Lower fat DietCh 15 Lower Carb DietsCh 16 Meal Planning for those Who Need to Gain or Lose WeightCh 17 Meal Planning When You're Undergoing Chemotherapy or RadiationCh 18 RecipesI'm a believer in the idea that good nutrition will keep my body strong -- something all of us fighting cancer need to focus on. This book is a good weapon for that fight. As such, I see it as a must-buy for those trying to figure out what foods to eat and which to avoid to create a personalized meal plan/strategy during cancer treatment.I keep this book, along with "The Chemotherapy Survival Guide," by Judith McKay and Tamera Schacher (3rd Ed. New Harbinger Pub., 2009), close by and -- while in treatment -- read portions of each nearly every day.R. Neil ScottMiddle Tennessee State University
Both this workbook as well as theSchaum's Outline of Italian Vocabularyare wonderful practice tools. They're packed with exercises and explanations, so I definitely recommend both to my students. It's not something to invest in unless you're seriously interested in learning the language. It's not a "quick crash course" in Italian that you would take before a trip, but rather an in-depth approach to the language.
This book outlines the Marxist/Communist view of the state as enunciated by V.I. Lenin, a leading Marxist theoretician.  According to Marx, the state, itself, is oppressive and is used by the ruling powers against the working class.  Lenin notes that even the corrupt bourgeois has abused Marxist views for their own ends, but the state needs to be demolished by revolution and seized by the working class.  This book also critiques the views of anarchists and of fellow revolutionaries as Kautsky and Pannekoek.
I have some experience with C++. I felt the sample applications in this book were easier to understand and follow than the more complicated librarian example application in the Palm OS Bible by Glenn Brown (though it is a good book also). Granted this book does have problems with the code, and is based on an older version of Palm, the problems were easily worked through with the Palm provided documentation from the Palm website. One drawback is that the book does focus on using the CodeWarrior product, but again with a little effort, the samples can be easily ported to using the free PRC-Tools/GCC software. Actually if the Palm OS Bible and this book were merged, it would make a really great reference.
I can't recommend this highly enough. Years ago it was the first eye opener for me that history might not be all the textbooks said it was, but this time I simply enjoyed the humor and interactions of the characters. I think it possible that Richard III is right up there with Hamlet in my list of "dreamy maligned heroes." Such a great, fast read.
I have just finished reading "Of Water and the Spirit" for the first time. I found the book to be enlightening and quite moving and I gained much value from it.I wonder, however, how it is possible to remember details of events and conversations that occurred 30 or 40 years ago, some when the author was quite young. I can't even remember what I said last week, let alone decades ago.Is this book "creative" non-fiction, the basic story embellished for literary purposes? If so, it would not detract from the value I received, but it should be acknowledged how events were recreated.
I bought this book for my daughter, and this is what she has to say: &#34;This book came in great condition and has been perfect for my Biology class.&#34;
2.  I belong to a book club in my neighborhood. When it'syour turn to be the host, you get to pick the book everyonewill read.  Last year I picked The Gospel According to JesusChrist by Jose Saramago.  The year before that I picked If ona Winter's Night a Traveler by Italo Calvino.  The year beforethat I picked Mason &amp; Dixon by Thomas Pynchon.  I could keepgoing with this list, but Siobhan would say that peoplewouldn't want to read a list of all of the books I have pickedfor book club and I could put it in an appendix, but reviewsdon't have appendices, so I will just stop the list after thefirst three books.3.  Up until December 9, 2003 I was going to pick Pride andPredudice by Jane Austen for my next book club book because itwas the first &quot;Great Books of the Western World&quot; that I everread and I was blown away by it even though I thought it wasgoing to be dull and boring.  But then I changed my mind.  NowI am going to pick The Curious Incident of the Dog in theNight-Time by Mark Haddon because I like it more than anythingI have read since some of the other books I have picked forbook club.  Since I don't know you and I don't know what youlike to read, I don't know whether you will like it or not.5.  Christopher would have been confused by my statement thatI was blown away by Pride and Prejudice, since blown away is ametaphor.  Christopher says that metaphors should really becalled lies because I am still here and I was not blown awayby either the wind or some great explosion or anything else.If I had said instead that reading Pride and Predudice made mefeel like I did after watching Clueless with AliciaSilverstone, Christopher would not have been confused becausethis is a simile rather than a metaphor and he says that asimile is not a lie unless it is a bad simile.7.  I'm not autistic, so I have no idea if this book is a lieor not.  I hope it is not because if I were autistic I wouldlike to be like Christopher and solve mysteries and haveadventures like he does.11.  Here are a few of the reasons I like The Curious Incidentof the Dog in the Night-Time.  For the same reason that I cutmy list of books short in chapter 2, I will not list all of myreasons in this one.a. Christopher uses logic and intellect and courage tosolve mysteries and find his way in a confusing and sometimesoverwhelming world.b. Christopher's favorite detective is Sherlock Holmesand he knows the difference between a real clue and a RedHerring.c. I laughed and almost cried and was thoroughly amazedby the creativity of Mark Haddon's writing.d. I learned how to find a landmark in a strange city bywalking in an outward spiral.e. I learned how to prove that a traingle with sides thatcan be written in the form n-squared + 1, n-squared -1, and 2n(where n &gt; 1) is right angled, even if I did have to read theappendix.13.  Everything I have written in this review is true.
One of the most persistent (and debatable) clich&eacute;s of the last nine months has been that September 11 'changed everything.' Whether it's really true that 'everything' has changed, it seems pretty clear, based on Frank Bruni's reporting, that George W. Bush, at least, has been transformed. That makes 'Ambling Into History' a particularly interesting -- as well as entertaining -- read.Bruni's portrait of Bush is a fascinating one. And while it's not, perhaps, the deepest psychological analysis ever, it is clearly the work of a skilled observer and reporter. Bush comes across as a natural entertainer (not to say 'clown'), who wants to keep things lighthearted and amiable. Beneath it all, Bruni shows that Bush possesses a quick mind, a real awareness of his own limitations, and, related to the latter, a healthy sense of self-mockery.What I found particularly interesting was Bruni's illustration of the various tensions at work within Bush himself. He wanted to be president, but he didn't have the all-encompassing, monomaniacal ambition of, say, an Al Gore or Bill Clinton. He knew he had to be on the campaign trail, but was positively homesick for his ranch in Crawford, Texas. He wanted to be thought of (and thought of himself) as a son of the West Texas oil patch, but seemed offended when people forgot that his education (Andover-Yale-Harvard MBA) was at least as good, and arguably better, than Gore's. Like so many sons of successful fathers, he had wrestled with his father's legacy his whole life. Now he had a chance not only to seize the same prize his father had, but to do so had to defeat one of the very men who had humiliated his father in 1992.As much as this book is a study of George W. Bush, it's also memoir of the campaign trail. And its revelations about life on the bus are fascinating too. Particularly useful was Bruni's discussion of how much of the press coverage -- particularly of 'spats' and 'feuds' between candidates -- was driven by little more than bored reporters longing for something, anything, to write about.Or his discussion of Bush allegedly being 'on the defensive' at one point late in the campaign: Gore was attacking Bush about something, and because Bush was willing to take reporters' questions, he responded to the attacks (Gore was never 'on the defensive' because he never spoke to reporters, and so never gave unscripted responses to anything Bush said). Bruni writes, 'the assertion that Bush was flailing was so rampant in newspapers and newscasts that it had transmogrified into the *fact* that Bush was flailing. It was the given, the starting point, from which every story now proceeded. It was true because almost every journalist, following a kind of groupthink endemic to campaign coverage, had decided that it was true and was reporting that it was true; because this was all Americans were reading, hearing, and likely to believe; and because the Bush campaign would therefore have to accept and react to it as true, making it all the truer. I wasn't sure if this logic was pretzel or circular, but I knew it was pathetic' (p. 165, emphasis in original).This was repeated in the 'debate over the debates,' in which journalists reported that Bush was being 'hounded and hurt by questions' about his participation in proposed presidential debates. But the only 'hounding' was being done by those very same reporters, and the only evidence that Bush was 'hurt' by this 'hounding' came from ... the fact the reporters themselves were writing about it! 'We were, in essence, covering ourselves,' Bruni writes.The latter stages of Bruni's book, particularly the epilogue, deal with Bush's surprising transformation in the wake of the September 11 attacks. Whereas during his first nine months in office he seemed anxious to deflate the imperial presidency (for example, he did away with the practice of playing 'Hail to the Chief' every time he entered a room, 'an homage that was like oxygen to President Clinton [p. 227]'), by November, he 'was amassing a degree of executive power that, in the eyes of some scholars, rivaled President Franklin Delano Roosevelt's during World War II' (p. 264-5). This transformation, in Bruni's mind, is 'turning Bush into one of the most interesting presidents in decades. He had indeed exceeded expectations, at least as an unusually riveting character in a newly compelling drama' (p. 265).This book didn't match up to the hyperbolic reviews, either pro or con. It did raise questions for me about some of the workings of President Bush's mind -- or at least how those workings express themselves in his words -- but it also revealed a human and fundamentally likeable guy: a guy whose most likeable characteristic of all was that he was never entirely convinced he even wanted to BE president.
This book does an excellent job of taking into account that all babies are different. My first child just got angry when we tried the cio method. My second was an easy sleeper from day one and my third seems to fall somewhere in between.The more experience I gain as a parent the more I realize there is no one right way. This book provides the benefit of choice. It allows you to tailor a program that will work to help your child sleep better. Just like Dr. Spock, this author knows that you are the true expert when it comes to your baby.It is not simple, just as parenting is not simple. It allows for variations in schedules and failures in sticking to routine.It is effective.
I have suffered with shyness for as long as I can remember.  I have always worried about what other people think of me, and I know for a fact that I have allowed many wonderful opportunities pass me by because of my shyness. Please, if you want to turn things around, read this book. I have read so many books, and this one contained all of the answere and reassurance I have needed.
Guy Kawasaki has crafted the perfect play book if you want to use Google+. He explains why you should too. Take his advice. Well, read the book first. Obviously.
Good reference material for partial differential Equations and Tensor Analysis. I highly recommend this book.
Forget architectural digest or Martha what's her name's books if you are a computer gaming addict, this is the book for your coffee (Jolt Cola) table. &quot;High Score&quot; is a broad and complete history of computer games from arcades, consoles and computer games on multiple platforms. From the completeness, great pains have been taken to cover all aspects of computer game development from enabling technologies to new ideas of game play. There are enough trivia tidbits that even the most hard core gamer will find something new. The only caveat is that depth is sacrificed for breadth, making it more of a book for browsing than reading.  The book is also valuable in that it reveals that fun comes in many forms and is sure to inspire game developers beyond the derivative ideas that pose as game play innovation.
This book is one of those rarities in computer-book industry that are actually worth reading and a place in your bookshelf. The authors do an excellent job at uncovering what lies beneath the hood, so to speak. The first few chapters are a great refresher for those of us who come from a different programming language background. The intorduction to OO programming and patterns is one of the best I've read coming from a non-academic source. Thereafter is when the real substance surfaces. Showing how to take full advantage of not only PHP5's OO, but also of the C-based Zend engine and PEAR modules. The chapters on database connectivity are absolutely outstanding. The book is well written, and in some parts goes down to the time and space complexity and also the data structures used by the engine. Very good book overall. The only reason I did not give five stars to this excellent primer is because I found at least five or six typographical errors in the first few chapters. Not a big deal, just a matter of personal preference.A must for PHP power developers.
The love, relationships, sex and realistic examples of human suffering, failing, trying again, making mistakes in choices in relationships, hurting others, getting hurt.... These are BEAUTIFULLY shown in this book. You feel you know the characters personally and want to tell them what to do! I have to say, although loving someone and waiting for them for 50 years is admirable, Florentino Ariza also kind of reminded me of a stalker! A fatal attraction? I think he seemed that way to Fermina Daza too, but this &quot;fatal attraction&quot; turns out not to be fatal. A lovely display of the possibilities of love.This book is just a wonderful study of life and love, stunningly detailed, so well-written prose that you just have to marvel at Garcia Marquez's talent as a great writer, one of the best!I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys good writing. Many stars to Gabriel Garcia Marquez!!
I borrowed this book from my roommate, and once I figured out the timeline I was hooked.  This book skips around and at first it is a bit tough to figure out when things belong, but once you get it its great.  I wish it didn't end how it did but I still love it.  great book, would definately recommend it.  enjoy!
"But if capitalism is to be controlled so that the basic triad of efficiency, justice, and liberty is achieved, then the design of the controls will have to be enlightened by an awareness of what was obvious to Keynes--that with regard to both the stability of employment and the distribution of income, capitalism is flawed" -- Hyman P. MinskyHyman Minsky's 'John Maynard Keynes' is comprised of three parts.  The first part, CH 1-3, deals with Keynes' General Theory, it's historical situation, and Keynes' later comments on the meaning of the GT.  The second part of the book, CH 4-6, deals with Minsky's elaboration on crucial parts of the GT and revisions regarding some of Keynes' contradictory logic.  The last section, CH 7-9, is Minsky's policy regarding what should be done to fulfill the aborted Keynesian Revolution.'John Maynard Keynes' is a renunciation of the neoclassical synthesis. From the ashes rises a new theory of investment and business cycles.  A perpetual series of booms and busts occur followed by a deflationary spiral.  Eventually, after an unduly long period, the economy bounces back into an inflationary boom.  Each time society thinks the cycle no longer exists: each time they are mistaken.  The monetary and fiscal policy of the neoclassical synthesis is a poor prescription for this cycle and is becoming less effective at dealing with crisis's.What is needed is government policy to reduce inequality and the complete socialization of investment.  With less inequality investment will play a smaller role in aggregate demand.  With the complete socialization of investment aggregate demand and employment can be controlled and maintained at potential.  Ironically, it is only after investment has been socialized that the markets will act according to classical theory.  So far Keynes' policy prescriptions have been perverted into 'socialism for the rich'.  Keynes' advice needs to be implemented to create a more efficient, just, and liberal society.With that said:  This book is very limited in subject matter.  It is a book primarily concerned with investment and its effect on the business cycle.  For a more comprehensive macroeconomic analysis read Hyman Minsky's magnum opus 'Stabilizing an Unstable Economy'.  JMK can be seen as a rough draft of Minsky's Financial Instability Hypothesis.  I recommend Minsky to anyone willing to challenge economic dogma and learn how the economy actually works.
A deeply moving personal account of the Holocaust from a young man's point of view... Also, his search for Belief through tragedy.
This book affected me more than any book I've ever read except the Bible.  I read it at 17 and didn't notice the flaws, but then read it again at 33 and saw how bad some of the sections were.  I haven't looked up how old Jack was when he wrote this, but I assume he was still a kid.  Some of the sections really made me dislike him personally because I assume that the hot-headed behavior and ignorance of the main character was really how the author himself felt and acted.However, Jack London did make it clear what life and existence would really be about if there was no God.  The main character begins by having never really thought about life.  Then he begins to get to the bottom of things and sees that we are animals and nothing more, and that everything is meaningless.  I believe the Bible, but Jack is the is the only author I've ever read, or person I've ever heard that was a real atheist and didn't try to hide himself from the implications of that belief.  I respect that.  He doesn't paint a rosy picture and he doesn't try to keep from seeing the horrible truth of a universe without meaning; he looks directly at it.  He did this a little bit in "The Sea Wolf" but his best expression occurred here in "Martin Eden."
I'm about half way through, starts off a bit slow and the intro to his father seemed slow but it picks up and everything starts to make sense. Recommended!
William A. Cohen did a fantastic job compiling the wisdom Peter Drucker (1909-2005) has shared in his many books on the field on marketing. Though Drucker himself didn't write even one book specifcally on marketing, he has several provoking ideas, that even in 2013 may redefine this concept. Drucker's claim that marketing and innovation, not finance, production or other function are the core of each business and the two real drivers for continuity of the enterprise. Drucker's current client focus is fundamental in marketing, very different from popular association with promotion, only one of the four well-known p's in the "marketing mix". Drucker discusses whether these are strategic, tactical or operational variables.  And Drucker shows how interrelated marketing and leadership principles are.Cohen, a former student at Drucker's college, serves all these lessons in 5 themes: The Ascendancy of Marketing, Innovation and Entrepreneurship, Drucker's Marketing Strategy, New Product and Service Introduction and Drucker's Unique Marketing Insights. By doing so, several principles and examples from real business are repeated in one or more other themes. For Drucker, (short term) profitability should not be the main focus of a business, the customer and the market should be. I agree, Drucker on Marketing is an essential read for both current marketing professionals and fans of Peter Drucker.
Much of the world has as yet to catch up with Hannah Arendt, who, after Hiroshima, presciently observed that a conventional war could never again be won and that war would take the shape of occupation, that the level of violence in what we now know today as the post-modern world was becoming radically entropic, and that revolutions would become increasingly localized and proliferate beyond the control of states.Arendt went to cover the Eichmann trial like many others expecting to confront a monster, the man who "engineered" the Final Solution, who boasted that he would "dance into his grave" responsible for the deaths of 5-6 million Jews.  What she found was a barely articulate former Vacuum Cleaner salesman (that's right - before joining the Nazi Party, almost by accident, as she chronicles - he was employed by the Vacuum Oil Company for five years - which he recalled as among the most satisfying of his life.  He had vague ambitions of becoming an engineer in his youth, but, because of his limited intellect, his noted aversion to reading and learning in general, and apparently habitual indolence, he was never to attain even the equivalent of our basic undergraduate degree.) She notes, and one can feel assured from reading this model of research that no one, with the exception of perhaps the Judges, read the transcipts of the trial and the police interrogations with such care and depth, that the absurdity of Eichmann's testimony and his evident limitations, were in point of fact hysterically funny.  But, as she notes, Eichmann, though he often appeared to be, could not be considered a "clown" - the enormity of his crimes was so great, uprecedented.This striking dichotomy - between the mediocrity of the man and horrifying enormity of his crimes - is where Arendt actually begins her investigation.  Her former teacher, and shockingly, for better or worse, her lover, Heidegger (notiously also for a while, at least, a Nazi) observed that truth is often revealed in the tying together of idiosyncratic opposites. Thus, her method here imo, is unmistakenly Heideggerian.But more telling is her application of Heidegger's salient observation that modern humanity is in the gravest danger of losing the essential quality which defines us as human: the ability to THINK about what we are doing, to reflect on what we are doing.  The point is somewhat Kantian - but Heidegger does not insist on principle.  He divides what he calls "thinking" into two domains: calculative thinking and medititative thinking.Calculative thinking, as exciting as its techological products may seem, is essential banal, profane - we might say. We all do it - as we must to survive.  Caluclation goes on endlessly.The destruction of the European Jewery was intricately calculated.  Arendt calls the crime "administrative massacre".  Again and again, she denies both the legal and logical relevance of "the cog in the machine" argument of the defense.  Thus, in no way does Arendt claim that "the banality of evil" is simply being a cog in the machine, and assuming the abnormal and radically immoral to be normal.  What she is saying is the Eichmann and the millions of Hitler's "willing executioners" and shared in their inability to reflect upon what they were doing.  They simply did it.  Each may have had their own particular motivations - the key point is that evil is strictly naked calculative thinking - thinking without that ability to reflect on the moral quality and import of our caluculations.Is this bureaucratic blindness with the piped in musak which we have in America today any different from the atmosphere of our Nazi forbears?  I think not.This monster, the destruction of our very claim to humanity, by acceptance of the banality of evil, was the real monster in that room of the horror of horrors we know as Shoah.
This novel has had a strong following from the beginning, and when a friend bought this for me, I couldn't resist digging in. The title really catches your attention, but it doesn't stop there. The novel centers on the solving of a mystery by Christopher John Francis Boone, an autistic teen living in Britain. He's a mathematical wiz kid who sees the world in a unique way.The mystery he seeks to solve is the death of his neighbor's dog, even while being accused of its murder. The answers he finds, however, expand far deeper into his own personal life. In addition, solving this mystery will challenge Boone to explore the outer edges of his comfort zone. (Just one example is understanding what strangers tell him, as he takes everything on face value.)I guarantee you that you have not read a book like this before. The author strikes just the right chord with a subject that could easily have been condescending or worse. Instead, Haddon has created a fascinating story. Try it, I assure you that you will be rewarded with a novel that is tender, compelling, and very curious indeed.
This turned out to be a surprisingly powerful novel. It starts out as a tale of a "fallen woman," but ends up being the story of a broken man. Dreiser answers the question: what happens to a man who acts on his midlife crisis? Although the eponymous heroine is the catalyst for many events in the novel and the character through whom Dreiser explores the effects of materialistic culture upon the developing personality, this novel is really about George Hurstwood, a man who leaves behind his comfortable life, job and family and runs off with Carrie, a beautiful younger woman.The novel is set in the late 1800s, early 1900s. Young Carrie Meeber is a Wisconsin country girl determined to start a new life who one day boards a train heading for Chicago. It is the first time she has ever left her small town. Carrie's personality is unformed. She is impressionable and easily swayed -- but ambitious. As a character, she is interesting mostly for the effects she produces on the various men she meets and for the way in which her personality is molded by the attitudes of those around her. Carrie quickly realizes that money is everything in the big city. Material possessions define the man or woman. Money determines social status. Money enhances beauty. A person who does not have the best clothes, a beautiful home, and the wherewithal to dine in the best restaurants and to visit the hottest nightspots is not really much of a person, Carrie concludes. This is one of the major themes running through the novel, the idea that our very essence is defined by others and how they perceive us (with the depressing corollary that others judge us based upon our income). The strongest, suavest, most self-confident personality may be broken down to nothing if deprived of wealth and its appurtenances. Conversely, money has the power to catapult a nonentity to the highest social echelons. There is one character, Bob Ames, who attempts to dispute this worldview. Bob is an intellectual who appears at intervals throughout the novel, each time telling Carrie that noble deeds are more important than money, that she should read Balzac and Hardy instead of trashy novels, that she needs to contribute something substantive to the world instead of falling for the meretricious charms of the high rollers. Yeah, whatever, Bob. Yawn. I think that Dreiser intended for Bob Ames to be a pivotal figure in the novel, a person of depth battling for Carrie's soul against the claims of the material world, but Bob's arguments are not very convincing in light of the story's bleak ending. Although Dreiser leaves open the possibility that Carrie will eventually embrace Bob's philosophy, it seems unlikely. Why should Carrie listen to Bob when everything with which she is surrounded exhorts her to favor superficial appearances over internal substance?There are two brilliant portraits of men in this novel. Charles Drouet, a "genial egotist" and Carrie's first lover, is the spitting image of one of my ex-boyfriends. I suspect that most women have a Charles Drouet in their pasts because he's the type of man who holds great appeal at a certain time of life: the dashing, well-dressed, ridiculously self-confident ladies' man who is committed to nothing except his own pleasure, who genuinely likes women (on a shallow, self-serving level) and wounds them only inadvertently - that is, he does not maliciously seek to hurt anyone; he does so only as an unintended side effect of his self-absorption. The most masterful portrait, though, is that of George Hurstwood. The last third of the novel details his decline from wealth into seediness and finally into poverty, and it's some of the best writing I've encountered in a long time. (Drusier's style in the first two-thirds of the novel is bombastic - truly tedious at times -- but the last third more than makes up for it.) Anyone who has ever been unemployed for a long period of time will relate to the description of the lethargy and depression that sets in as Hurstwood's prospects grow dimmer, the self-doubt that takes hold and begins to emanate from his pores. I was on the edge of my seat during this part of the novel. It is SO GOOD. It is wrenching to see how Hurstwood's personality changes in response to his altered position in the world. When he is no longer accorded the respect that goes along with having money, he becomes a different man. Through Carrie's eyes - "the eyes of the world," Carrie being both a product of society and its standard bearer - we watch as he is transformed from someone worthy of respect into an object of contempt."Sister Carrie" was controversial when it first came out due to its profanity and sexual references, and it was released in numerous "edited versions." I read the Penguin "unexpurgated edition." It is disappointingly tame (for example, the sexual references are so oblique that I was unable to detect any of them), but I recommend the unexpurgated edition because other versions change the ending and cut out whole passages.This is a great novel. I highly recommend it.
The introduction to this book asserts that the world is becoming both more complex and less liberal as a result of knee-jerk reactions and short-term thinking. In contrast, say Richard W. Paul and Linda Elder, critical thinking helps people cope with the uncertainties of modern life and become more confident in their decisions. By mastering the tools and techniques of critical thinking, they say, readers will be able to improve their emotional and intellectual skills, their job performance and the success of their organizations. Their claims about material benefits may be somewhat exaggerated, so getAbstract suggests applying some of that critical thinking to the authors' generalizations. Nonetheless, their overall points are well-made, and readers will find these skills and techniques intriguing and very useful.
I enjoyed reading Allingham's novels in the 1980's when I read most of the classic murder mysteries, so I was surprised when I didn't recognize this one at all.  "Traitor's Purse" is not a classic whodunit; it's more of a spy story.  Perhaps I chose not to read it at the time because I wasn't into that type of fiction.The style of the book is unusual for Allingham.  Instead of a straight forward tale of sleuth Albert Campion putting together the clues to a murder, this story starts with a hero who is handicapped by a head injury that leaves him amnesic.  He not only doesn't know what happened before he lost consciousness, he doesn't know who he is or who anyone else is.  All he knows--or senses, actually--is that he has something urgent to do.With this more limited omniscience, the reader learns who the hero is and gradually what he must do only as the man himself does.  This is a very clever use of perspective.  In the normal way of things the counter espionage agent would know what the issue was from the beginning and the tension would arise from the action inherent to accomplishing and the danger of not accomplishing the goal.  It would also arise from the question of whom to trust.In this instance, however, there is considerable tension right from the start from the fact that everything must be learned.  We finally realize the story's perspective is that of the usual Allingham protagonist--no surprise there--so we know that this is Albert Campion, even if he does not.  Since we also know what dangerous foes he faces, we know that he is in considerable danger from individuals he doesn't know and perhaps isolated by his own amnesia from agents of assistance.  All of this makes for an exciting read.Probably the most interesting point of this perspective is the psychological.  Campion becomes more critical of his relationships with others.  He is now a "disinterested" party to his own life and can look at his probable past behavior, as it is illuminated by the responses of his friends, with a more introspective point of view.  His relationships with both Lugg and his fianc&eacute; Amanda are cases in point.The setting of the story is World War II England.  The war has only just begun and German espionage activity during the immediate prewar years is about to yield major profits.  Two murders take place, but neither of them is focus to the story.  Their occurrence simply obscures the events about to take place.  This may frustrate the reader who expects a murder mystery to be about the murder victims and a solution to the crime.  That may be why, in fact, I didn't read it myself before.Red herrings are introduced, but they are in the form of suspects whose motives are obscured by their apparent past association with pre-amnesic Albert Campion or with their placement as individuals within English society.  After a while almost everyone seems a possible suspect in the drama of misaligned loyalties in wartime.  Furthermore, there are inordinate subplots that factor into the murder mysteries, so the "guilty party" might be either guilty of one or several things or several guilty parties might be working alone or in collusion.  It's difficult to say if the reader will feel "cheated" or not by the d&eacute;nouement.  There is no actual plot manipulation that robs you of your conclusions, so I suspect not.A well crafted story.
Just in time for the holidays is a touching story of a young man, his doubting father and a stray dog.Todd McCray, a developmentally challenged young man, hears about a special program the local animal shelter is running for the holidays. In an effort to clear the shelter for the holidays when there is not enough staff available to care for the animals, the town shelter is asking the public to "bring a dog home just for the holidays." The idea is that families will choose a dog to visit them for a couple of weeks at Christmastime and then return the dog after the holidays are over.Todd immediately wants his family to participate, but his dad, who in the past has dealt with the death of two very special dogs, wants no part of the program. Given the title of the book and that it is a holiday release, it is fairly obvious from the beginning that the McCrays are going to participate. To what extent they become involved and how their involvement changes their lives is really what the book is about.I initially had some trouble with the basic idea behind the book. I worried about how the dogs that were taken back to the shelters after Christmas would feel. Would they think they had done something wrong? Would it be harder on them to have been in a family and returned than not have had a family at all? Finally I quelled those feelings and just sat back and read the book. I'm glad I did.In this relatively short book (the actual story is only 143 pages long), author Greg Kincaid has written a story so warm, so tender that it will have readers both laughing and crying at the same time.Armchair Interviews says: A Dog Named Christmas will give readers a shot of pure Christmas joy.
I am an avid reader and read just about anything - but for the last year or so have been gravitating to mysteries, mostly set in England.  I found Kate Ross as a reccommendation by Amazon based on other things I've read.  This was not a diappointment!  It was a good mystery on top of a great main character, Julian Kestrel.  He's figured out what works in the beau monde, and makes it work for him, without bowing to the snobbery of the day.  He knows what a gentleman is, and he behaves like a gentleman by not only keeping up appearances, but by helping others.  All three of these are fun reads, good mysteries, and well written characters and period detail.  I'm just sorry Ms. Ross passed away and we won't see anymore of Julian!!
Another top book by Kathy Reichs!  Couldn't put this book down as I was glued to the book!!!  She is a great writer!
Jeremy Siegel&#8217;s Stocks for the Long Run, here in its fifth edition, has long been considered as required reading for stock investors of all ilk. It is a book that is referred to steadily by the financial press and fellow financial authors when looking to explain some of the finer points of efficient and safe investing. As such, it has more than earned its place in the world of investing tomes. But Mr. Siegel does not rest on his laurels. Ever the scholar and purveyor of insight and knowledge, Mr. Siegel takes his considerable acumen and gobs of statistics and graphs and applies them to modern markets, bringing them to bear on the real estate implosion, the 2008 depression, the post-depression recovery, and the Fed&#8217;s tight money policy and qualitative easing. Everything that the press and TV financial gurus have worked so hard to obfuscate over the last six years suddenly becomes lucid and, if not sensible, at least explainable.I enjoyed this book quite a lot, because although I am familiar with some of Mr. Siegel&#8217;s writing in various financial publications, this is my first time to read this book. I liked the fact that it reinforced my own long term investing viewpoints, and did so with clear examples, easy to understand graphs and tables, and an overall &#8220;no nonsense&#8221; tone that keeps the book light but &#8220;sturdy&#8221;. Mr. Siegel&#8217;s strength lies mainly in the fact that he doesn't tell potential investors what they should do. Instead, he tells you what to expect when it comes to what markets, individual stocks, and particular sectors might do, how to recognize what they are doing, and what you might want to consider doing to take advantage of that. If none of that suits you, he gives you alternatives, usually in the next chapter of the book which covers some different aspect of long term investing. Mr. Siegel covers everything, so someone looking for detailed information can read individual sections to their taste, while someone looking for a thorough overview can just go through the book, cover to cover.The sections that are new are generally presented up front. They provide a lively analysis of the current state of investing while laying a familiar groundwork for the rest of the book. Mr. Siegel has basically made a career out of this one book, which is why it is so good. Every serious investor needs to read this book at some point in their investing career. Sooner would be better than later.Note: The publisher provided me with a gratis copy of this book for purposes of this review.
Having long been a fan of the original book by Baum and the movie that inspired me to read the book, I was hugely impressed with Ryman's take on this classic.Why did I like it?--A narrative that doesn't follow conventional linear tale telling, but instead moves back and forth revealing glimpses of the characters' lives, only giving you the complete picture near the end.--The richness of the language. Ryman can certainly weave a vision of locales and characters, even when those locations are the middle of a cyclone and the characters are suffering from dementia.--I cared about what happened to everyone in the book. Even the abusers and the whiners.--Ryman's ability to link together stories of vastly different people via a zillion Oz metaphors and in-jokes. Especially wonderful is how the Oz themes permeate Jonathan's life.I recommend this book wholeheartedly!
This is the 5th book in the Outlander series a continuing story of real events with fiction characters in the Scottish highlandsthe story moves to the 1770's on the east coast of American and the adventure continues. Readers should start with book 1 OUTLANDER and read the first 4 before this book since it is a continuing story.Good ReadingSlainte' MhathJames McIntosh, Clan Mackintosh
Should a business have a "face"?  Should an enterprise exhibit human-like traits to set it apart from straight-laced, by the book and bureaucracy-deep  "corporations"?The answer to these two questions is unequivocally "yes", according to this excellent book.I must confess he had me at hello on this one, because my bias was already pointed firmly in this direction, but nevertheless, Rohit did a great job of drawing me in with his no nonsense writing style, intelligent pacing and organization, and a clear passion for the subject.Once drawn in, I was impressed by the way Rohit lead me through the process of properly "building" a company personality.First he outlined all the key elements. I especially liked his "UAT Filter"- the three core qualities of a company personality: Unique, Authentic and TalkableSpot on.  And he presented great examples from several companies for each element.Then Rohit did something that many book writers do not do - he wrote a "Part 2" that showed us how to actually put those elements into action, and gave us a bunch of tools to use to boot.I'm all about the human side of a business. Actually showing that side to our customers is surely a good thing - it's the key to delighting them and making sure they stay with us for a long, long time.Because people just aren't buying a product or service - they are buying "into" a positive experience.  Rohit Bhargava, by virtue of his great experience as a marketing consultant, gets this "big time", and better still he's written a definitive book that explains it all in a practical, understandable and actionable way.
WEB SEARCH GARAGE is 225 pages of great advice on how to approach web research with a new outlook.Yes, we all know the basics of how to use a search engine to find the latest sports scores or weather report. What Tara provides is chapter after chapter on the "principles of web searching" --  everything from the principle of onions (start with a narrow search and then go deeper a layer at a time) to the principle of every scrap (you never know what information will be the one useful bit that pulls everything together, so keep your eyes open).In addition to her collection of Principles, Tara includes chapters on specialized searches -- for news, jobs, local information, multimedia, medical information, and so on.This book is fun to read, full of wonderful insights and search tips, and written by someone who has a world-wide reputation as a web search guru.Be sure to check out [...] for additional content not included in the book, and a free copy of the chapter "The Principle of Onions".
Though Matt Damon was great as the awkward and sweet Rudy Baylor, the book is even better
Samantha's family are having financial trouble and she doesn't know if they will make it through the winter. The money they would get from working on a cattle drive would be a big help but her brothers are unable to go. Sam decides to go herself but to get hired she has to pretend to be a boy. She gets the job and all is going well until she develops feelings for Matt, the handsome cowboy that's training her.I liked the book far more than Amelia and the Outlaw, the other book in this series by Lorraine Heath. Not that I didn't like Amelia and the Outlaw but Sam is a far more appealing heroine. She may even be my favorite heroine in the entire series. The plot and the romance were also really fun. The only thing I didn't like was how abrupt the ending was. Still, this is one of the best books in the series.
Bob Doniger is one of the richest men in the world.  A brilliant physicist, he has accumulated his wealth through the start up and sell-off of several companies.  ITC is his current machine, by which he is researching his next big money maker: discovering the past.For years ITC has been secretly developing a time traveling device through the use of quantum physics.  However, this time travel is not what most of us think as conventional time travel.  There is no past, there is not future.  There are only an infinite number of parallel universes.  These universes can be traveled to, through holes in the "quantum foam".ITC also funds many historic sites throughout the world.  Through these sites, Doniger hopes to build his future cash cow.  People start to ask questions though, and ITC comes under some scrutiny.Professor Johnston is one of the people who start asking question.  He is a historian trying to restore the many castles along the Dordonge River, along with some of his students.  This site is of particular interest to ITC and he wants to know why.  He travels to the ITC headquarters for some answers, but ends back up at the Dordonge.  The only thing is, he's in one of the parallel time streams.Andre, Chris, Kate, and Stern are asked by ITC to travel to the same time stream and rescue Professor Johnston.  It is an operation full of risk and uncertainty, and they only have 37 hours to complete it.Crichton once again uses his writing prowess to craft an entertaining novel.  Like all of his novels, it is well researched and filled with information.  I find it similar to watching McGuyver.  Though it's there for entertainment factor, you actually learn a few things from it.
Cookie is tired of hearing people make fun of her older sister that one night, went crazy!Cookie is a 13-year-old girl who has been faced with a family crisis that her and her parents can't handle.  On the night of Christmas Eve, Cookies present from Santa Clause was her sister having a mental break down and going crazy.  Cookie believes that is Santa's way of saying "Merry Christmas, and a Happy New Year".  Cookies life went crazy after she saw her big sister get rushed away by two people from an Insane Asylum.  She can never forget that horrific day when her sister couldn't even remember her name.  All she wants to do is try and get her sister back to normal.This is one of my favorite books because Sones makes me feel like I am living the life of Cookie and I am there when her sister is being rushed away.  After I read this book, I stopped taking life so seriously because it made me realize that life is short so take advantage of the time you have.I recommend this book to 7th and 8th graders because there is a lot words that younger kids may not be able to understand.By: Jessica N.
Love that this book offered colorful illustrations, and the science behind Fall's beautiful colors. My Kindergartner really enjoyed reading it with me, and I with her!
Your beloved Seer is known to get a hot toddy or a brandy before relaxing for the evening. Mind you, dealing with spiritual matters (difficult guides) and earthly inconveniences (my dragon and seaserpent) certainly does take it's toll on my poor brain synapses. That said, I do read sometimes before I sleep which I feel is a calming past-time. I finally finished this one and I am now here to report.Being the true sensitive that I am, I have always been curious about why people act the way they do. This is a continuing learning enigma which (I hate to admit) I need a little help now and then. A book like this is so very informative. And considering it was written by a psychologist makes it even more interesting. Albert Bernstein enters areas of personalities that we have probably all been exposed to - yet were never able to put our finger on it. That is - until now."Emotional Vampires" - it sounds ominous! It is. He explores various personalities (categorizing them by type, i,e; Antisocial, Histrionic,Narcissistic, Obsessive Compulsive, and Paranoid). These people have the unique ability of draining your energy and making your life a living hell. That is - if you let them.Mind you - each of these types have their own traits- and some of them over-lap. But, he does point out that they have their own unique quirks that may harm you and your emotional well-being. The book is dedicated to being able to identify them and what you can do as protection. He does not dwell too much into why these people develop the way they do. As he states "understanding where a problem comes from is not the same as solving it". Thus, his concentration is the here and now. Delving into the past will only direct focus towards validating the already set destructive behavior of these people.I was really enamored by this book. First off, the drawings here of each type made me chuckle. But, believe me, the problems and havoc they can create in your life is no laughing matter. Mr. Bernstein also delights with constructed scenarios which show you exactly what's going on in the dynamics of a relationship with them. Profound, astute and wise. I came away with really great insights.In each chapter he gives you a checklist of traits for each subject and how to reveal who is, or who is not an emotional vampire in your life. You can also put yourself to the test - and if you answer honestly, you may find you might have some of these traits. But, if so, it is a good thing because recognition and introspection of self is a valuable tool to change. If you don't recognize what you're doing wrong in your relationships, they will never get to a better plain. I think most people want to get alot more value from their relationships, whether it be family, friends or bosses. But, for any of that to happen, it takes introspection and awareness from all.He gives you fighting tools in dealing with these vampires. And, to my mind, some of the suggestions may or may not work. I am under the impression that if you are the one getting hurt over and over, and being drained, you have the option of just walking away. It might be a last resort- but it is an option if enough is enough.With any relationship I believe that, starting out, there is an underlying, unspoken contract between people. In my own experience I got into a disastrous relationship whereby the rules were set, but I had changed and wanted to rewrite for a better script. Unfortunately, some people (or vampires) refuse to change. And then we have a most difficult situation.I know what some of you out there are thinking. You think your beloved Metamorpho is a narcissistic vampire. But, I can assure my vast fan club that Metamorpho's purpose is to enlighten and entertain. My (supposed) bloated ego is there to amuse, and no one does a better job of deflating that than me. I am a circus show on the side of the road as you rubberneck by. Face it. You are enjoying the sight. Now, if we could all learn from this book and not be a pain to each other!In closing, there are certain parts of this book that I should reread again - if only to really clarify certain points that he makes. It is a fascinating book. Revealing, entertaining but ohso essential for the modern man or woman. Read it at your peril - but read it! You just may learn something. Highly recommended!I do NOT have sharp teeth! ---your own, Metamorpho ;)
It am thankful this book is still it print and I commend the publisher for making sure that it is. Angle of Attack is a very worthy addtion to the history of Project Apollo. There have been few books from the contractor's viewpoint, and there should be many more. This fast-paced book covers the efforts of North American Aviation and Harrison "Stormy" Storms to engineer and build both the S-II second stage of the Saturn V and the Apollo command module.However, it also delves into the intense battle by aerospace contractors to get a piece of the Apollo pie and it is fascinating; it does so at a very human interest level. Most people have no idea the staggering amount of engineering hours and the sacrifice of the hundreds of thousands of people who worked, sometimes to the point of collapse, to achieve president John Kennedy's goal of landing men on the moon by the end of the decade.Angle of Attack proves the story of engineering Apollo does not have to be dry as dust. These were real people laboring to achieve the greatest effort of exploration in the history of man. This book truly was a page-turner for me--a great real. It will certainly appeal to every Apollo enthusiast, but also to those who have wondered about the people who really made it happen. Harrison "Stormy" Storms was one of them and I for one consider him a hero of the Apollo age. Sadly, there is not a single photo in the book so we have no idea what Storms even looked like.Thank you Mr. Storms and all those who worked with you and for you.
These stories of Tagore's are hauntingly beautiful. One could almost call these stories a series of extended prose poems; the scenes of Bengali life are painted with full force. The situations are not very realistic, but the  realism of emotion is all the more genuine because of it. The one complaint  I have is that every single story turns out bad! There is not a single  happy story in the book, which makes Tagore seem like so much of a  pessimist. The stories are also not really stories in the western sense --  they are more properly called &quot;tales&quot;, with a minimum of action  and a sense of being &quot;told&quot; a story rather than experiencing it  as it unfolds.
Compared to Steinbeck, Hemingway is trite, simplistic, and boring. YMMV.And this particular edition is just great, unless you want a collector's item.
This is the story of Henry, an -often unwilling- time traveler, and his relationship with the love of his life, Claire, back and forth across time.It is a moving and original story, of a love that was far from ideal, but was simply destined to be. It is essentially a romantic novel, but it's so much more than that.I found its `disjointed' writing style a bit distracting at times, though it does serve the story well...if you're looking for a light holiday / beach read, I'd suggest you choose a different book (as you wouldn't be doing it justice) and save this one for a straight-through read
I have a relative (in his early 30s) who has gone back to school to study robotics.  This was a good Christmas gift for him.
On a hot summer day over a ramen lunch I've been talking with a friend about Barry Mazur's latest monograph, "Imagining Numbers (2002)," a non-fiction book about mathematical imagination. The talk naturally evolved to as of why there is so little fictional work that writes about what it is like to be doing mathematics. My friend referred me to this book, adding that, though not written by a mathematician, it depicts behaviors of characters working in the field quite nicely."The Mind-Body Problem" is in fact written by a philosopher, and really is not about mathematics. It is about an intelligent young lady, Renee Feuer, who marries a world-renown mathematician, Noam Himmel, out of her insecurity: "...In short I was floundering [at Princeton as a grad student], and thus quite prepared to follow the venerably old feminine tradition of being saved by marriage. And, given the nature of my distress, no one could better play the part of my rescuing hero than the great Noam Himmel. For the man had an extravagance of what I was so agonizingly feeling the lack of: objective proof of one's own intellectual merit." Renee, born into an orthodox Jewish family in New Jersey, is self-acknowledging beautiful, and perhaps can be best characterized in her own words: "I had always thought of intelligence as power, the supreme power. Understanding is not the means of mastery, but the end itself (Spinoza)...I am only attracted to men who I believe to be more intelligent than I am. A detected mistake in logic considerably cools my desire. They can be shorter, they can be weaker, they can be poorer, they can be meaner, but they must be smarter. For the smart are the masters in my mattering region. And if you gain power over them, then through the transivity of power you too are powerful."Embedded throughout the novel were philosophical interpretations of mundane matters, reminiscent in style of Alain de Botton's bestseller "On Love (1995)." However Renee's descriptions didn't feel as slick or polished as the male protagonist of "On Love," and I wasn't so impressed uptil her honeymoon with Noam, which occupied roughly half of the book. Clever indeed, but her observations I felt too naked. I became engaged when Renee started to bare out the hardships -- the logical tyranny of Noam -- she had to face. There her "naked" remarks made her pain, and subsequently the sweetness of her affair with a physicist so palpable that I started wondering whether Renee's was really a story about the author herself. The finale was equally touching, but I choose not to reveal for your reading pleasure. I will simply add that it is about the difficulty of assessing others' hearts (the "Other's Mind" problem in philosophy).Back to the original question as of why there are so few fictional work by mathematicians. According to Noam, "A mathematician with his powers doesn't have any interest or time to write a book like this [Hardy's "A Mathematician's Apology"]!"
I Love reading Karen Slaughter. Her books are  a real treat. The Will Trent series is fantastic. The stories are always of interest and they keep you turning the pages to see what is going to happen next. Keep them coming, Karen, Iwill keep on reading.I never go into the story in my reviews as I want you to read them for yourselves. I hope everyone loves Karin as I do. She has a new book coming out in June 2014. I am looking forward to reading it.Marie
The Demonologist. Both scarier and better written than The Exorcist and Malachi Martin's Hostage to the Devil. Also a wonderful companion piece to those interested inThe Amityville Horroror the James Wan filmThe Conjuring, both based on the careers of Ed and Lorraine Warren.The book itself is non-fiction, written in a 3rd person narrative by biographer Gerald Brittle. Each case contained herein really did go down in the real world. As you progress through The Demonologist, you will learn the difference between a postmortem spirit and demonic specter. The former can be a nuisance at most, while the latter can be downright lethal. Spirits glow with an ethereal light that radiates outward. They're a static imprint of a former life that remains as residue in the mortal realm (i.e. a person's "life force" or "aura"). Demons don't emit light since they were never alive. They absorb it like a black hole, which is why this book features many instances of malignant entities that are described as shadows or pitch black clouds--even in a dark room. Demons can be identified by their scent: they reek like sulfur and/or sewage.Ed Warren was the only layman during his time that was granted permission to perform the Catholic Rite of Exorcism by the Pope. With this skill and his wife Lorraine's clairvoyance, Ed was able to eradicate demonic possession wherever he found it. Some cases were particularly heinous, like The Perrons (basis for The Conjuring) or Annabelle, the possessed Raggedy Ann Doll that was responsible for at least one death while in the Warren's possession.This book, along with other writings about the couple, has enough meat in it to be the basis for a whole franchise of films, starting with The Conjuring. Unfortunately, James Wan has stated that he will direct no more horror movies after Insidious Chapter 2. Hopefully he changes his mind!
This is an excellent biography of John Wesley Powell--exlorer, geologist, scientist, writer, and politician.Anyone who reads this is sure to increase the amount they know about this historic figure, and about the West in general as the stories of each are inextricably tangled.  The book excels at its account of John Wesley Powell's life AFTER his famous trips down the Colorado River, and does a great job of describing Powell's role in the battle against over-populating the West.If the book has faults though, they lie in that many of Stegner's sources have since been expounded upon or dismissed entirely, and so the facts in this book aren't entirely current.  Also, Stegner dismisses too quickly the merits of the story of James White, a man who very possibly went down the Colorado River through the Grand Canyon two years before Powell did.And, it's kind of ridiculous how Stegner criticizes Powell's second expedition's photos as if they were famous works and art: This photo "is marred by too much nondescipt low-water beach in the foreground," and that sort of thing.This is a great book for anyone interested in John Wesley Powell or the Colorado River.  It's possibly Stegner's best nonfiction work, though "Mormon Country" is good as well.For another great account of John Wesley Powell, read "Down the Great Unknown" by Edward Dolnick.Or, for a half-decent book about Wallace Stegner's peculiarly white view of the American West, read, "'Why I Can't Read Wallace Stegner' and Other Essays" by Elizabeth Cook-Lynn.  That one's kind of interesting.
A good book spoiled by a failure of the author to research a key component of his plot.  He has the judge, his lawyer, and both sons upset that the IRS will take 50% of an estate that is well under the $675,000 level where the Estate Tax started back in in 2000 and 2001 (it went to $1 Million in 2002.)  Although there is no specific date mentioned for the book, it has to be set in something near the present since the author refers to Reagan Airport in Washington, DC and the casinos in Tunica MS.I would have expected better from Grisham and his editors.
It is a great read for a child who is learning to read , and has been reading for a little while
I first got an earlier edition of this book in paperback. At that time there was no other easy reference to find who "Prince Eddy" might have been in the Victorian Era, which of Henry I's numerous illegitimate offspring died in the White Ship, or which royal Duke of Kent Princess Marina of Greece married.If you don't have the "Trivial Pursuit" type of mind that has to follow up that kind of reference in a totally unrelated book or article, you may still enjoy the nuggets of information embedded in the summary biographies and the brief descriptions of the various dynasties. How often do you find an opening sentence such as, "The Tudors came from bastard stock." describing that notable dynasty or "...Every monarch of Britain since has been a usurper..." concerning the purported marriage of George III to a commoner before his official marriage?My only criticism might be that a three-dimensional, color-coded diagram would often be useful and that is the fault of the individuals being described, not the author.I have found it so useful that I recently purchased an electronic version to carry around with me.
***This letter may contain spoilers.***Dear Holden:Do you mind if I call you Holden?  Manners dictate that I should address you as "Mr. Caulfield" since I don't know you personally.  But after reading your absorbing account about your experiences since you got expelled from Pencey Preparatory School in "The Catcher in the Rye" (CITR from now on), I feel as if I know you like an acquaintance, if not a friend. Besides, calling you "Mr. Caulfield" sounds so stuffy and formal.  Well, anyway, whether you like it or not, I'm calling you Holden.Believe me, I'm not the first person to comment that you are quite a complex and contradictory individual.  You can be both witty and blunt, cynical and nave, tenderly caring and harshly intolerant.  I'm also not the first person to comment that you can be what you accuse practically the whole world of being - deceptive, insincere, hypocritical, and yeah, your favorite word - phony.  Maybe it's a self-defense mechanism on your part against all the other phonies that upset you.  Maybe you're sarcastically trying to wake others up to the fact that you're not fooled by them and trying to make them see the foolish errors of their behavior. Whatever.Holden, you, I, the entire world can often be phony and dishonest.  Why?  I think it's because we are all afraid, afraid of being ignored, being hurt, being alone, or of something else.  I'm not excusing it, just trying to understand it as part of the imperfect human condition, and even forgiving it when I can.  You might want to try to do the same.  It's not easy, but it might make you feel better.  Also, consider this: I heard somewhere that if people were always truthful and open with each other, they would eventually destroy each other.  I think that's quite possibly true.No, you don't exactly have a "David Copperfield" existence, or any other Dickens novel existence.  In fact, you seem to come from a family of high-class prestige and accomplishment which a lot of us would envy.  A corporate lawyer dad, a Hollywood writer older brother, a grandmother who gives you cash four times a year. But, it seems to me that it's a source of shame for you, instead.  Did your "phony" outlook start with how you think about your family?  I got that impression from CITR, especially your description about how you first met Jane Gallagher indirectly through your mom getting upset that Jane's mother's Doberman Pinscher pooped on your lawn. Oh, and later how your mom chewed out your little sister Phoebe when she took the blame for you for smoking while you were hiding in the closet.  Yeah, your Mom sounds neurotic and snobby.  Is your Dad like that, too?  Is he more fond of being a big shot than in saving innocent lives in court? Anyway, it sounds like your family is at least a little concerned with keeping up appearances.  I can understand somebody rebelling against that and wanting to find out what's real and really good about life.However, Holden, "good" does not necessarily mean perfect.  Nobody's perfect.  Yet, time and again, it seems you're looking for the perfect person, you think you find that perfect person, then that person does something that disappoints you, and you cynically reject that person.  Take Jane Gallager again, for instance.  I guess you liked her because she wasn't pretentious and overly competitive, even with checkers.  But then when you found out that your ex-Pencey roommate Stradlater had a date with her in a car, you lost it and tried to fight him.  Did you think Jane was tainted from now on?  Is that why you never followed through on calling her?  Yeah, being noble and unblemished and protective and uncompromising is all well and good, but you can take it too far.  James Castle did.  Yeah, I guess it's admirable, in principle, to kill yourself rather than be forced to take back something you believe is true.  But it's really stupid, too.  You can stick to your guns and still stay alive.Oh, I almost forgot, you also throw over a wise, concerned friend and mentor Mr. Antolini just because he touched your head???  Is HE a tainted bad guy from now on?  Come on now, Holden.  He's given you lots of sensible advice about continuing your education and increasing your knowledge and discovering what ideas are right for your head so that when you find ideas to make the world better, you can express them more eloquently and more humbly.  That William Stekel quote: "The mark of the immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause , while the mark of the mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one."  Great quote.  Remember that quote.  Don't try to be Christ or Hamlet.  Show others what you believe in by example, by the life you lead.  I gotta keep remembering that myself.It's nice that you believe in truth and decency, and being true to yourself (at least most of the time).  Your "Catcher in the Rye" wish in protecting and caring about innocent youth is also praiseworthy  But you can't practice those beliefs by playing Peter Pan or preventing change or shielding people from the big, bad world.  Your late, beloved younger brother Allie showed that to you.  Your younger sister Phoebe is still showing you that, by challenging to find things you like and believe in, and growing up and finding new interests, and even by being willing to follow you wherever you go.  About that.  I know you're desperate about changing your life, and not just bitching about it.  But hitchhiking out west and living alone in a cabin and pumping gas?  Holden, you can do better than that!I suggest you grit your teeth and complete that final year of prep school.  By then, you'll be eighteen and a legal adult (and able to drink your scotch and soda legally) and free to determine your own destiny.  Then, decide what occupation would best help achieve your "Catcher in the Rye" goal.  Perhaps you would like to be a kindergarten teacher or child counselor/tutor.  Or a museum guide.  Or a writer of children's books (without having to "sell out" to Hollywood, "mecca" of phonies, like, ahem, D.B.).  You know you're no moron, in spite of what you say.  Use your fine English skills to achieve your dream (by the way, I would have liked to read that composition you wrote for Stradlater about Allie's baseball glove covered with poems.  Sounds like a good tribute.  Too bad you threw it away.  Yeah, Stradlater is an ignorant peasant.).Holden, I'm no psychoanalyst - you're dealing with at least one already.  I'm not pretending I have all the answers.  I don't - nobody does.  I also don't want anything from you, and I am not being paid to write this.  Again, I guess I am being a little like Mr. Antolini by not wanting you to ride for a "terrible, terrible fall".  I suppose I empathize with you and the social, sexual, and occupational challenges and frustrations you face.  I'm certainly not alone in this.  Will you listen to my advice?  Maybe you won't and that's your business.  But I wish you would.  If you want to write back in a "pen pal" sort of way, you're welcome to do that, too.  I care.Sincerely,John PanagopoulosP.S.:  I was thinking about that "duck" problem you posed.  My notion is that they all migrate during the winter.  There are probably too many ducks to round up and keep warm during the winter.  However, here in Boston, we also have these huge white geese that stay near the Charles River all year long.  We have these huge white swans, too, but they are kept in pens during the winter and are released into the Boston Garden pond during the summer.  I wonder who has the answer?
As a fan of Grisham's legal thrillers, I bought this only on the basis of jacket notes. I was not disappointed.It is not a legal thriller. It is about rural life in the 1950s in the American mid west for poor farmers struggling to get by, from the viewpoint of a young boy.It is not fast paced except for the occasional burst of overt violence. But it does entice you into reading more, eager to know what happens next to young Luke.I have often wondered if this is part autobiography, as there are similarities to Grisham's own background.The characters are real. The plot is excellent. The only possible criticism is the pace. Sometimes it does seem to crawl along at the pace of cotton growing in the summer heat. This is more a comment on me than on the book as the overall effect matches the essence of the story very well.Grisham demonstrates his ability beyond the legal genre and captivates his audience.
Another good book by Ruth Rendell!  Interesting characters in London's Notting Hill who come to intertwine at the conclusion.  I really hated for it to end.  I'll continue reading all her books as they are always entertaining.  On the lookout for her hardbacks in used book stores and on Ebay.
The story behind OUT is almost as interesting as the novel itself. OUT is the debut novel of Natsuo Kirino; published in 1998 in Japan, and garnering not only awards but also popular accolades, it has only recently seen publication here. Kirino has since gone on to become recognized as Japan's preeminent mystery novelist. Her second novel, SOFT CHEEKS, won the Naoki Prize for literature in 1999 and is scheduled for publication in the United States shortly. Aided by a fine translation by Stephen Snyder, OUT is a dark tale, occasionally relieved by grim humor that transcends cultural differences to tell a riveting story of revenge, betrayal and renewal.OUT revolves around four women working in a food processing factory, preparing box lunches on an assembly line, performing physically challenging and mentally boring work while they struggle to stay financially and emotionally afloat. Masako Katori is perhaps the best off financially of the four, though she shares a household with a husband who is more like a distant brother and an uncommunicative teenage son who is, in his sullen silence, a total stranger. Yayoi Yamamoto is married to Kenji, an abusive layabout who fritters away his wife's salary and their meager savings in a clandestine baccarat room while showering a prostitute with unrequited love. Kuniko Jonouchi is kind of an odd duck in the group, all flash and no substance, living far beyond her means while she uses clothes and makeup as a quick fix for her physical and emotional unattractiveness. Yoshie Azuma, known as &quot;Skipper&quot; at the factory, is the oldest of the four and is perhaps the most trapped by circumstance. A widow, she is the sole support and caregiver of her invalid mother-in-law and poorly dispositioned teenage daughter.The four women are dramatically brought together in a new way when Yamamoto, in a sudden fit of anger, murders Kenji. Yamamoto turns to Katori to dispose of the body. Katori, in turn, seeks the assistance of Azuma in doing so. Jonouchi is brought into the mix when she unexpectedly visits Katori while Katori and Azuma are in the process of preparing Yamamoto's diseased husband's body for disposal. Kirino does not flinch from graphic description, and OUT should by no means be mistaken for a &quot;cozy.&quot; Kirino infuses the women with a sense of purpose, and while they bring a varying degree of dedication to the task at hand, each is able to bring enough frustration with her respective situation to the fore to get the job done.It is only Yamamoto, whose act of passion was the catalyst for the conspiracy of concealment, who is ultimately unable to participate in the disposal of the body and who displays the most remorse. Janouchi's poor execution of her task results in Kenji's body --- or at least part of it --- being discovered. Satake, a psychotic mobster and owner of the baccarat club, which Kenji frequented, is suspected of the murder. Satake, although eventually cleared, loses everything and seeks revenge by attempting to target the real killer --- whom he suspects to be Yamamoto. His pursuit results in a catalytic ending that will leave the lives of the four women changed forever.Kirino, as is the case with the best of mystery writers, combines a strong plot with a canny description of contemporary Japanese mores and culture to make this an unforgettable work. While OUT was initially slow to attract literary attention in the United States, the gradual critical attention and word of mouth that it has achieved will undoubtedly result in much-deserved popularity. This is a novel that will be shared, and discussed, for some time to come.--- Reviewed by Joe Hartlaub
I was initially disappointed at how tiny this book was(as well as Alligators All Around) but they've become favorites since I can carry them in my purse and read them to my grandchild wherever we may be.
... who works &#34;out there&#34; on an island on the Pacific.  I suggested that, if he wants to build an empire, read the book, take notes, change the ending.
Beautiful, ambiguous, scary, thought-provoking, so sad. Vietnam and the massacre at My Lai are at the core of this book about secrets one hides even from oneself, post-traumatic stress syndrome, a marriage of love that's based on deceit.O'Brien is working through his own Vietman demons in all of his writing, and one feels the essential truth behind this fictional account of a rising political star brought down by incidents from his past. The writing coils back on itself, revisiting common threads that keep recurring but each time are viewed either from a slightly different angle or with just a little more recovered memory or self-knowledge.A tour de force of writing.Highest recommendation, along with all of his other books.
"You're about to read a classic book read by millions and regarded as an all-time bestseller."After reading that opening sentence from the forward to the book, I sensed I was in for a treat. I had figured the book was a classic since it had been praised in many of the personal development books I have read, and in many of the personal development audio programs I have listened to over the years. Now, having read the book, my only regret is not having read it sooner.Bristol was a businessman and newspaper reporter who "...read every book I could get my hands on dealing with religions, cults, and both physical and mental sciences...modern psychology, metaphysics, ancient magic, Voodooism, Yogism, Theosophy, Christian Science, Unity, Truth, New Thought, Coueism, and many others dealing with what I call "Mind Stuff," as well as the philosophies and teachings of the great masters of the past...Gradually I discovered that there is a golden thread that runs through all the teachings and makes them work for those who sincerely accept and apply them, and that thread can be named in a single word - 'belief.' It is this same element or factor, belief, which causes people to be cured through mental healing, enables other to climb high the ladder of success, and gets phenomenal results for all who accept it. Why belief is a miracle worker is something that cannot be satisfactorily explained; but have no doubt about it, there's genuine magic in believing."Using clear and easy to understand language, he shared his knowledge and passions about how the power of the subconscious mind is inter-related to the magic of believing, topics that were not well accepted or understood when he wrote this book in 1948, and are still not widely known or practiced today. He expertly linked the laws of suggestion, reciprocity, and cause and effect with specific examples and techniques that demonstrated how to use the magic of believing to put the power of the subconscious mind to work for you.With many profound and powerful insights, this book is definitely on my recommended personal development reading list.
wow what a fantastic book .I cant believe how brilliant an author John Grisham is .This book kept me thoroughly engaged until the last page .I highly recommend this book.
Outstanding! Create Your Future the Peter Drucker Way is a brilliant book that translates Drucker's wisdom into advice you can easily put into practice in your organization and your own life. No one understood what it means to create your own future better than Peter Drucker, and no one understands Peter Drucker better than Bruce Rosenstein. This easy to read book is filled with actionable suggestions and a wealth of resources - a guidebook for a journey we all must take if we are to create the future we desire.
Art is like the footprints of the soul.  The major limitation to expression in art is comparing the product to masterpieces.  Masterpieces are masterpieces, not little expressions.  I sing in the shower.  It's fun.  It's not Lincoln Center in NY material, but it's fun.  Art needs to be fun.  This book is clearly written. Why do so many authors write in such a heavy style?Crystal Clear Writinghelped me to understand this.  Academic writing, which is taught in schools, is the opposite of clear writing.  This author writes well.  My first experiments in art weren't great, and I got my only C in high school, in Art Class.  That is totally bizarre- to grade people's art.  This is a great book on art therapy to start with.  Do the art, though.  You don't understand anything until you have that creative energy flowing through you, into the art.  Art is healing.  It changes people.  And then you understand that really great art just takes more time, and being flexible about "mistakes" that are really only part of the creative journey.  Art is truth.  Theater is life.  Television is furniture.  I've seen some fantastic programs to reduce youth violence, by pushing arts.  I took an art class years ago.  It changed my life.  It was like learning languages.  It just takes a while.  The text they used wasDrawing on the Right Side of the Brain.  I don't know if that's the best book, but it was very good for me.  There is a woman who works in a lunch place, near where I work.  Another woman in my office said she had done time, for cocaine, and even lost custody of her kids due to that.  Where did she start to climb out of her hell?  In prison.  With art classes.  I gave the woman some books on art, and some supplies, through a proxy of course.  Why does our culture wait until prison, or psychotherapy, or some other bad condition, for art?  This is a concept, and a book, that needs to be part of everyone's education.Painting and Drawing in Waldorf Schools: Classes 1 - 8is another one I like.
This book is a fine book if you are looking for the typical book written for lazy minds. The material is good, the presentation is great. However, there is a lack of references and detail that someone really interested in the material will desire. If you like pop-culture books get this one. If you want a terrific book that appeals to your brain then get the authors other book, "Performance Management." It is exceptional.
Very informative! Full of great information. I thought I was very cautious, until I read this book. If you own or use any of today's technology this needs to be the first thing you read. Things you never thought of are explained in detail. Great job of educating the public and preventing more needless victims.
This book is a fine place from which to proceed on one's deconstruction of  the prodigious and arcane set of lies, coercion and cover-up collectively  known as modern christianity. The one resounding truth that rings through  out the book is that power and vengeance, not love for fellow man or  worship of the man named Joshua, has dominated the christian theocracy and  European monarchies over the past two millennia. Amazingly, this book dips  its beak into all twenty of those centuries to construct a dazzlingly  simple and elegant hypothesis (which I will leave to you to  discover).Personally, I found the most engrossing part of the book to be  those parts covering the first five centuries of christianity and how they  determined the development of western society. The other parts of the book  which deal with the middle ages up to the present are much more relevant as  the very last pages of the book unfold to the reader.Hold on for a  long, tortuous and tantalizing ride through the looking glass my friends.  Faith will be transcended and replaced with a novel substitute: truth. I  also highly recommend the sequel &quot;The Messianic Legacy&quot; which  elaborates on &quot;Holy Blood Holy Grail&quot; as well as the roots of  schisms in early christianity. Splendid!
Rules of the Hunt gives you the preventative medicine you need to grow a healthy and wealthy business. It's a great addition to your business book library.
Though not as flashy as some, this is a solid book that I would recommend to someone looking to take stock of their finances, and put them in order. It would be a great gift for a college student or a new college graduate.The material is well-arranged, so that you can skip over items that you already have (having a bill calendar, keeping a dashboard, etc.. The writing is also so clear and readable that you may find yourself checking in to see how you might be doing the basics better.This is a solid, practical guide to getting your finances right. Pick it up to get started, or to review the basics. As in sports, drilling on the basics is always valuable! Well worth your time!
I liked this one better than the first book, At Home in Mitford. The story lines in this book seemed more compelling, more interesting. Father Tim deals with the long absence (most of the book) of his neighbor, Cynthia, while she writes her new book in New York. He also deals with Edith Mallory, a recent widow with her sights set not only on the rector but on a well-known Mitford establishment too. Sadie Baxter tells more of her interesting life stories while she arranges for the long-closed ballroom in her house to be fixed up for the wedding of a relative she didn't know she had. And the man in charge of construction of the new Hope House seems to be quite a rough old sourpuss. The usual charming cast of characters is back and if you liked the first book, you'll like this one even better.
Many investors, me included, look forward to earnings season; it can seem like Christmas the way it makes your favorite stocks move, but unlike Christmas you get four earnings seasons per year. But your investments don't always go as planned; certainly this past winter I found myself wishing I had set up my investments a little differently. This book seeks to present both a method and a rationale for profiting from earnings announcements regardless of which direction your stocks move post-earnings.The authors, one an active trader and the other an academic researcher, and both with doctorate degrees; are well-teamed and, perhaps surprisingly, have written an approachable, easy-to-read book with many recent examples of actual stock performance around earnings. Much of their findings and recommendations, however, are not based solely on selected examples but rather inspection of results from many years of earnings announcements by a large set of companies.The book presents characteristics of earnings announcements, particularly with respect to actual versus expected earnings; and then examines the market's reaction to the announcements. The salient points made are that first, it is difficult to predict whether earnings surprises will be positive or negative; second, the market often moves in the opposite direction (generally due to other factors in the announcement; for instance, the announced outlook for future earnings). So it can be doubly difficult to correctly predict which way the stock price will move post-announcement.The authors also present data showing that; first, big moves after earnings announcement are common; and second, the magnitude of such moves has increased over time. Thus a strategy that takes advantage of such big moves, without necessarily predicting the direction, would be in order.The authors' basic recommendation is to open a straddle or strangle just before an announcement and close it shortly after. This is profitable if the stock moves sufficiently post-earnings, in either direction. It would be a money loser if the stock does not move post-earnings.A working knowledge of options contracts is required to follow the concepts.I find myself persuaded to try the method, and as luck would have it, another earnings season is about to commence!
An easy to read (Level 2) reader that teaches your child a valuable lesson in life.  A fun book for you to read together. Well illustraited.
This book shines in illustrating how circumstances challenge your thinking and those around you. Not so much an academic study or how-to on critical thinking but rather stories about how different people's thinking was changed because of some rather extraordinary challenges and situations.Enjoyable short read. Inspiriting and from a clear point of view that you might not agree with. There are many other books that are better if you want to acquire the skills of critical thinking, even one of the book's endorsers, Daniel Pink's books. The book also over reaches in its claims of overhauling your thinking.That said, the book does a good job in showing you how multifaceted thinking is. Without knowing how emotions, opinions, circumstances and biases work we can't even understand how or why we "think" about something. By the use of a provocative and heart touching story, this book has the reader walk through the process of thinking and making decisions. Worthwhile book to read.
Taking place exclusively in the eponymous dwelling, CG is a long-winded and by turns creepy and satirical yarn told primarily through the eyes and thoughts of a psychologically, and literally, trapped woman. The book's arc, such as it is (Gaddis favors page-long soliloquy over driving narrative action) concerns said woman dealing with the rigors of living with an abusive, alcoholic husband whose ties to a wayward reverend have gotten him into a mess of trouble. Also worth noting are the woman's interactions with her new home's original owner, a mysterious figure who pops in and out to deliver cryptic messages, smoke incessantly, and rifle through an unsettling amount of ancient documents in an upstairs study. The woman, our hero, is quickly at her wits-end and is pushed even further into the all-consuming darkness of America past and present, in which themes of bigotry, sexual tension, addiction and other general nastiness come to the fore. Imagine, if you will, a very literary (and talky) version of the recent American Horror Story (season one, natch) and you'll have a pretty good idea of the goings-on in Gaddis' house of horrors. Linguistically, the book is a raw and circuitous machine, wherein phrases like 'paper tore' are repeated ad naseum, creating a patchwork effect that adds to the isolation and claustrophobia of the titular house and its effect on its captives. It is not only physically ensnaring, this locale, but verbally so as well, creating a sense of narrative dread within a narrative absent of physical push toward a satisfying climax. That is not to say things end without a certain level of change on display, which is all I'll reveal. If you have an interest in literary horror, you'll find this journey satisfying, if a little taxing on the eyes as Gaddis seems very unfamiliar, as so many postmodernists are, with the virtues ascribed to the 'return' and 'tab' keys.
Iris Murdoch wrote beautifully, although her subject matter often involved difficult or horrible struggles for the characters.  "A Word Child" is written and constructed in this mode.  A working class boy and his sister hope to find salvation from their horrible childhood circumstances as orphans through the talent for languages that the boy discovers rather late in school.  However, this late blooming is not too late to keep the boy, Hilary, from admission to Oxford University, where he performs extremely well and is offered a position.  The first year of his fellowship is the highest point of their lives for both Hilary and his sister Crystal.  It will not be matched ever again.  A violent, angry streak, coupled with a complete void of love in his life except where his sister is concerned, lead to tragedy for the young man, loss of his job, and a life of oblivion in small, mindless positions. The book describes this prehistory in flashbacks, while living in "the present," where Hilary is a clerk and civil service employee.  Hilary is unquestionably odd, with a tendency to cruelties of the minor kind, though these cruelties certainly add up for those on the receiving end.  Hilary controls all aspects of his interactions with others in a manner that seems related to mild autism (but I'm not professionally qualified to diagnose the symptoms). His facility for languages is undiminished, but his financial circumstances are not far above dire, and he has no real friends.The comforting dullness of the life of penance that Hilary has chosen for himself is shattered when the very man whom he betrayed, his former mentor at Oxford named Gunnar, is announced as the new head of Hilary's Civil Service Department.  Gunnar has led a successful life and is financially secure, with a beautiful and wealthy socialite for a wife. However, we learn over time, that Gunnar has been haunted as much as Hilary by the earlier tragedy, though the past did not stop Gunnar from aggressively pursuing a career in business after he, too, left academia.The attempts at avoidance and reconciliation between the men end up in a second tragedy that parallels the first.  I did not find the plot to be fully credible here, but the writing never lost its charm as the train wreck took place, largely in slow motion like the violence in a Sam Peckinpah filmSam Peckinpah's Legendary Westerns Collection (The Wild Bunch / Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid / Ride the High Country / The Ballad of Cable Hogue).I've not revealed any significant details, in case you want to discover them by reading the book. This is not the most tragic or horrifying story one could imagine, but it is a tale of how old envies from childhood never allow Hilary to fit into any society, the different ways in which tragedy can destroy a man, and how Hilary's remarkable control over everyone else in his life does not extend to himself.  If the plot maintained its early credibility throughout, this would be a five-star book.  The language is always five-star.  The transfer to Kindle had some major errors of typography, but nothing I couldn't figure out.  It was pleasant to be able to Google text if I needed a translation of a foreign phrase or the origin of a quote.Highly recommended, but not if you object to reading about the normal components of human existence, like a little sex.
Rae has two people she has been able to rely on, Anthony, who knows her secret, and Yana, who doesn't. When Rae helped Anthony get a football scholarship at Sanderson Prep, she never expected she'd lose him, to the very people who abandoned her when she needed them most - her former friends. So now, Rae and Yana are on their own, trying to find out who's after Rae. They figure the best way to do that is to investigate the New Age group Rae's mother was in before Rae was born. There are people out there that know the full truth about all the strange things that went on in the group, but they are afraid. When a man who worked at the center where the group was held offers to meet with Rae and tell her everything, she jumps at the chance, not knowing that she and Yana may be getting themselves into more trouble than they can handle. I can't wait to read the next book in the series, and the wait until it is released is way too long! All readers who enjoyed the first three books in the Fingerprints series must read this one.
If you want to understand World War I, this book about the battle of Verdun is a must-read.A history professor once told me that World War I, the French Revolution, and the U.S. Constitution had inspired more history than any other events or episodes. World War I exhausted Europe; at the outset, its armies, navies and colonies held dominion over much of the globe, but at the end it was a pauper continent, with both victors and vanquished shattered by deaths and debts, reparations and revolutions. And Verdun marked a pivotal moment in this transformation, for here the generals revealed that they had too few ideas about how to win--but too many men still to feed into the meatgrinder.Because of battles like Verdun, many associate World War I with images and episodes straight from "All Quiet on the Western Front" or "Paths of Glory"--futile attacks and counterattacks, weary and shell-shocked men running across pulverized land only to be killed or maimed by mass-produced bullets and explosives, victims of Europe's collective skill at the industries of war. In this meta-narrative, the perpetrators of this mass slaughter remain hidden, distant, aloof, living in idyllic chateaux miles away from the mud and the blood, their actions either inscrutable or idiotic.Horne pulls back the curtain to reveal the character and personality of those generals, showing their unique strengths and weaknesses and how those character traits played themselves out in one of the greatest battles in human history. By writing so well about the decision-makers, he makes the churned earth and spilled blood more tragic--and more understandable. Verdun, a battle Horne describes "the battlefield with the highest density of dead per square yard that has probably ever been known" was by all accounts a supreme test of wills for both France and Germany. In Horne's hands, though, it becomes something more tangible and real, a clash not just of armies, but of people.In addition to the excellent human descriptions, though, Horne writes wonderfully and vividly about the scenes of the battle. Some authors and books wring the life out of historical events, turning them into stale words on dead paper. But Horne brings this monstrous battle to life, vividly describing the claustrophobic underground tunnels of shell-battered Fort Douamont and the clutching terror of phosgene gas. Horne takes a catastrophic battle of mind-boggling proportions and makes it all too real.
Well written, good book. Interesting to read his perspective on world events different from what I was seeing in the media.
I saw the movie, &#34;The Wedding Date&#34; and noted what book is was based on and decided to buy the book.  One has to understand the British culture and the way they speak and the dry humor and when you catch on it becomes really delightful.The book is very different from the movie and yet while you are reading you can get where the screenwriter's snuck the film from it and the characters involved.  Fun read and now I have a new author to enjoy.
I read this book cover to cover 2c and I was really impressed by the way it was so easy to read and the way it was laid out.  I have been a stock broker and financial adviser for more than 3 decades.  I am retired now, however, I don't know if I would be capable of putting a book like this together.With that being said, this book can be very 'constructive' to one's portfolio.  It can also be very 'destructive' to one's portfolio.NO NEW INVESTOR SHOULD EVER DABBLE INTO LEVERAGING!!!  Doesn't matter if you are selling short, currency, penny stocks, or leveraging bonds!  These are not tools for the everyday investor.  [not to make a j0ke, but this why day-traders were coming to work with guns].If you have a Series 7 & 63, then you know what I am talking about.  If you don't know what a Series 7 & 63 are, please contact a stock broker or hire a financial adviser and discuss this with them.With that in mind, it is always important to meet with your adviser in person--not just on the phone.  Both a stock broker and financial adviser should be licensed by the SEC and have documentation to provide you.All the Best toYou and Yours,RLM
Not Tonypandy, site of early 20th century riots by coal miners.  But when Tey wrote this fine mystery (1951), the conventional wisdom about Tonypandy was all wrong.  The challenge of accepted but inaccurately recorded historical events becomes a major theme for Scotland Yard's hospitalized Inspector Alan Grant, and Tonypandy comes to be the word Grant uses with his researcher to reflect such historical error.  Grant is a skilled reader of faces, and when presented a portrait of disgraced former King Richard III, he embarks on a four hundred year old case to determine the validity (and method used if it's true) of the accusation that Richard III killed his own nephews, an idea perpetuated in common belief and English history books.  With the unlikely aid of an unexpected source, Brent Carradine, an American studying at the British Museum, Grant applies police procedure to investigate the accusations.  Tey deftly lays out the case point by point.  Grant, Carradine, and Grant's visitors and nurses are established well.  The writing is lovely and clear.  The only thing keeping this from being five stars is about me, not the book.  There were times when my ignorance of British history and leaders interfered with my understanding of the relationships of those surrounding Richard.  Wonderful writing, pacing, characters, and analysis makes this a thoroughly enjoyable read.  If you are willing to doubt the veracity of recorded, accepted history, that's gravy here, and you'll like this all the better.  I will definitely be looking for more of Tey and of Gordon Daviot, another pseudonym, like Tey, of Elizabeth MacKintosh.
I minored in history. boring for most.  BUT this text showed how art was preceived in each period.  I especially liked the one page time line comparing what was going on in other cultures.this text included previously ignored cultures.
One of the best no-nonsense pitch book I've ever read. It might feel uncomfortable at first but if you stick with what you learn in the book and add your own personality to the techniques, you will be able to pitch anything.
I first read this book early in my private pilot training, many years ago. Needless to say, I did not really understand what I was reading. Coming back to it now, with a number of additional ratings and many more hours of flight time to my name, was a revelation. Almost on every page, I found myself saying, "Yes, that's how it is." Buck really knows what he is talking about, whether it be ice, thunderstorms, turbulence, or transitioning from instruments to visual on the approach. Taking to  heart what Buck has to say will first and foremost help you to survive as a pilot by making good weather decisions. Just as importantly, he imparts a great deal of wisdom on how to get maximum utility from the airplane while keeping risk to a low level. However, as indicated earlier, the book is definitely not for beginners. A solid understanding of basic meteorology and a considerable amount of piloting experience are needed to interpret it correctly--and safely.
So so sad that in this era and time people felt is necessary to kill off any threats to anything they could possibly claim. Instead of making everyone get along just kill off any relatives.
Zandi has offered an excellent history of the things that got us into the mortgage mess.  For example, understanding what a sub-prime borrower is (620 FICO or less) and how a FICO works and a lot of other detail that would clearly aid a lot of the talking heads from making fools of themselves jumps out of this book.What concerned me about his book is how he thinks about the future.  He is more worried than I about the role of countries investing in US debt.  He also seems to think that deregulation is not positive.  I am a bit more positive.In a time when a lot of people are running in all directions, Zandi has offered something to us of real value.  And for the longer term we need to think a bit more broadly than this first brush has been able to do.
Have read all of James Patterson's books. Very much enjoy his Women's Murder Club. Delightful, relateable characters. Always a good easy read.
Very valuable information and an eye opener about how sugars and carbohydrates are our enemies; too bad they taste so good!
Having read several books by this author, I have to say that this was my favorite. It's a love story that lasts a lifetime. Both Florentino and Fermina lead other lives after a brief fling during their youth. Florentino becomes frightened of the passionate Fermina and marries another.  Her choice is a wealthy, well-born doctor who becomes loved and highly respected by all he knows, including Fermina. Fermina's view of Florentino lasts throughout his life. An incurable romantic who reserves his heart for Florentino, he loves women of all ages and reportedly has 622 affairs during his life. However, only some of the affairs are outlined in this novel, probably because those deeply affected Fermina. I did wonder how anyone could have time for so many affairs. Anyway, life goes on and the story unfolds.When Florentio's husband dies from a fall, Fermina begins to court the woman who stole his heart almost sixty years ago. The book has its dark moments as well as its shining ones but these two individuals discover that they can share passion in life long past their youth. I laughed at times and almost cried at others but I did find it fascinating. I enjoyed this read for many reasons. First and foremost, it's well written.  The humans choose directions that fulfill a certain portion of their lives.  The author gives us a view of how courting and love in a different culture and time frame differs from what we know.  For me, it is, above all, a very good read.
My 3 year old daughter adopted from China loves this book, she is a little too impatient for the written story nightly but requests the book over and over for the pictures-while she makes up her own story to go along with the pictures. She loves going on about the mommy and daddy in the story and how she had a picture book sent to her and then she flew on a plane just like in the story. She makes this story her own.
Having recently read the over-hyped "Freedom" by Jonathan Franzen, "The Winter of Our Discontent" proved an excellent respite from all the drivel that's being passed off these days as modern masterworks. Steinbeck is amazing.
O Henderson, you hapless lackey, you seeker, you thoughtful one, you Gran-tu-Molani. A gem of a book: A Pensive, ponderous perusal of one man's palaver.My favorite authors are those who have mastered characters (Dostoevsky, Dickens), but a close second to these are those that have subjugated their language, making it bend to their will in the full color of available descriptions. While he doesn't always hold himself to the level he achieves at the beginning and end of the book that which is there is worth reflection.The first person narration took a little getting used to but eventually you see the journey through Henderson's eyes and as we're told: travel is mental travel.
Maud Hart Lovelace spoke of &quot;Emily of Deep Valley&quot; as being her best book, and I can understand why.  The book may have been set at the turn of the last century, but Emily's problems are eternal:  loneliness,  shyness (especially with boys!), and uncertainty about what to do with her  life after high school.  How she deals with her problems and finds  happiness is a wonderful, very encouraging, story.  I loved the Betsy  stories, but truly empathized with Emily, as will anyone who was shy or  retiring in high school.  Please reprint it.
"We have only one story. All novels, all poetry, are built on the neverending contest in ourselves of good and evil. And it occurs to me that evil must constantly respawn, while good, while virtue, is immortal. Vice has always a new fresh young face, while virtue is venerable as nothing else in the world is." John Steinbeck, East of EdenThe preceding quote appears about halfway through Steinbeck's magnum opus, but it could just have easily have served as the epigraph. The powerful novel exhaustively explores the themes of good and evil in the lives and intertwining stories of two Salinas Valley, California families.I recently re-read Of Mice & Men, and the enjoyment it brought finally stripped my hesitation to tackle Steinbeck's 600 page East of Eden. It took a few weeks, but I was rewarded by a good story, well told.As the title suggests, Biblical themes reverberate throughout the book. The most prominent is that of Cain and Able that plays out first with Adam Trask and his brother, Charles, and then in Adam's two sons, Caleb and Aaron. The title was chosen by Steinbeck from Genesis 4:16: "And Cain went out from the presence of the Lord, and dwelt in the land of Nod, on the east of Eden" (King James Version).Caleb (Cal) constantly wrestles with his sinful nature, evoking the Apostle Paul's words in Romans 7:19: "For the good that I would I do not: but the evil which I would not, that I do (KJV)." But that wrestling leaves him more in touch with his real identity and that of those around him. By contrast, his brother, Aaron had constructed a story of his life that reality intrudes upon with devastating consequences.The book also shows the generational impacts of fathers choosing favorites among their offspring, recalling the Biblical figures of Adam and Jacob. It shows true service in the character of the household servant, Lee. And while the allegories are ever present, they don't suffocate the tale. The characters and the landscape come to life in this timeless story that I wholeheartedly recommend.
I'd like to address some of these other critical reviews, thought by thought, as most are intelligent people who are asking all the right questions but cannot accept the answers they are coming up with. Your right FW is not "readable", in the normal sense. If you must have a good, solid story, a "page turner", which entertains you and that you finally "get", a story where the meaning is clear: then STOP right now. This book is not any of those things. Its "intention" is to disorient and confuse, to produce an "aesthetic arrest" and to be an epiphany. FW will never be a blockbuster movie, Hollywood will not touch this. Finn again A WAKE is written, kind of, sort of, in english. One reviewer called it a crossword puzzle in novel form, she is partially right. You can read other [negative] comments from the more simple-minded reviews too, but time has and will prove these knuckleheads wrong. Some claim intellectual independence as a smoke screen but they are hiding behind a myopic view of art and they do not want to put in the effort to research the references and push for a bigger picture. Other reviewers say it doesn't mean anything, Isn't poetry or music but there is a personal hatred to their reviews that tells me they are mad at the art work for not revealing itself, clearly, to them. This group is reviewing and revealing their own frustrations at not being able to conceive of or make great art.  True critics, I suppose. They want to defend their defination of what art is, for everyone. This group is quite adamant and takes FW personally, like they are on a crusade to inform the world. I suppose, Joyce has worked his Irish magic on them too.. their banner reads:Books, ultimately, are read for the quality of the ideas they express, and the quality of the style used to express them.critics want to define artistic "quality". In any case, the "ideas" of FW have universal essence and are of an epic nature. Unfortunately, some reviewers want the transcendent nature of life to be clear, right in front of them, religion is what other people do and everything is just as it seems. Look, some great works of art do not speak to all, [Picasso's - la guerre] but make no mistake; this book is an incredible work of word art BUT does not reveal itself easily OR to everybody and that is exactly what Joyce wanted, he wanted a few sensitive and intelligent readers to experience an epiphany about the cycles of death, life, myth, history, love, war, hate, sex[lots of sex], "social marketing", male female, brother, sister, mother father- how these patterns of archetype forces affect us,  this is another "reality", parallel to ours but in dark matter; [Unconscious and subconscious].  FW is not describing these forces but placing us in them by disorienting us, making the reader become part of a jumbled up night world of myth and universal cycles. How these forces of life affect us is a confusing book during the day [James Joyce's Ulysses] but at night they really go off [Finnegans Wake]. People, It doesn't get any more insightful than that.Another reviewer, a Mr. T.Powerless, who wrote a review of the "FW Skeleton Key", - keeps asking:What you think this book is trying to say in its 600+ pages of indeciperhable ramblings (and some proof would be nice)How he can write a review of a book about the meaning of FW and still keep asking this questions is befuddling. His theory is that it is all just random letters [never mind the puns and historical stuff] and there is no meaning and that all the smart people have been fooled,  except him.  Finnegans Wake is 95% "deciphered" but something is lost in trying to put this art book in sound bites or one-sentence sayings. Take the phrase "reveiling the night". It is "saying" several things at once, each makes sense but it is also mixed up, obscure and in the mystery of the conjoining of mixed up words, is the art. There are straight forward ideas that can be expressed from FW: one of my favorites- how we should strive for things and concepts that uplift the spirit and these will pull us together, because they inspires us as one people, not on material stuff that separate us, but- really, so what, another "good" idea but silly in a way. Like the "ideas" of Hamlet: often puerile, but with Shakespeare's brilliance take on new life. And, when JJ writes the brilliant connotations are imbued in his art. The art is lost in my translations. Yes, but the critic keeps asking, its not clear and What does it MEAN, - but... what is meaning and is meaning always clear??  The hackneyed haiku: the sound of one hand clapping?- what does it mean? The meaning is a paradox or another question.  all those things that do not have a sound when struck, but what does that mean? It is not about the meaning of life it is about the feeling of being alive. If you must have a meaning rather than another perspective, understanding or  an epiphany: Warning: stop reading FW before you get mad. Clearly, T.Powerless kept reading,  couldn't find what it was saying and became irritated.However, FW, as a bit of a mixed up crossword puzzle, demands an explanation, a guide, patience, translations and a key. The best starting points are John Bishop's book and  Joseph Campbell's " A Skeleton Key to FW". In other words, FW MUST ALSO BE STUDIED LIKE A TEXT BOOK, clues must be researched and an adventure game like quality to the mysteries and the possible solutions can be fun. yes, for some  tracking down the sources and uses of JJ words and relating it to the essence of a sentence or chapter is part of the mystery. Others see The historical period of FW reflected in the work: pre World War II. Freud and Jung going at it, Picasso and Matisse going off, it was a heady time for all the western cultures. AND to top it off Joyce dies sudenly 6 months after the book is published in 1941!!! Although Joyce hated FW to be called surreal, FW is an abstract work of art and as such, like any great conceptual or complex philosophy [Nietzsche or Wittgenstein] or abstract art, is extremely personal and open to much interpretation. One can get several versions of exactly what is being "said" from the same passage; this really upsets the material minded and if you are not prepared for this kind of art or thought or are resistant to  abstract art then, chances are, FW will be/ is gibberish to you.  As The above reviewer states correctly: a good work must have great style, FW has a style of immense complexity and quality but NOT great clarity, intentionly.FW is a huge Irish joke about the cycles of human life, art and thought.  There is a twisted sense of humor in  this Irish consciousness making a sad joke of life; the punch line is about the Devine Comedy of existence. FW is also an intentional riddle with several answers; the 60 different languages, puns, portmanteaus [the crossword part] with historical and mythical referances as well.  the reader can wander and wonder about this book of life for hours or years. At times,  like any fine work of abstract art: it reveals the artist and viewer more than the "reality" of the subject. No, FW can not be translated into another "language", no it was not written in the way other books are, The 4 books were not written in order and can be understood as independent sketches on different and recurring themes. Yes, joyce had a comprehensive and firm intention when he wrote it. If you start to dig and study the text the book becomes an obscure magic workbook about the recycled archetypical nights of human consciousness. However, unless you are a scholar, you must study the philology or it becomes drivel and unless you have an open mind and can embrace obscurity the work quickly becomes irritating.  The sound of the words can be helpful and so some find that  FW is often less abstract if read out loud. Like the Hindu vedas, which are songs or hymns, FW has a lyrical quality when read out loud too. In any case the puzzle must be solved in the dark as characters, stories, change, transmute; opposites are defined and then become one and need each other and then digress again.  The simple "story" has been figured out, the references have exhaustedly been researched for the last 70 years and still there are mysteries to this work. Joyce intended this too and future generations will appreciate, miss understand and wonder, love/hate it, fight over and review this book!No, not everything printed on paper is literature and not all words are found in a dictionary, not all communication is with words, from the dictionary, or for that matter verbal.  So the one reviewer that says he doesn't dream in puns and his dreams are about "something" is confusing the description of a dream with the conjuring of the "reality" of a dream world, using language. the difference between going to the movies or describing the movie. Joyce is NOT trying to describe a dream; he is trying to put you in a dream cycle of life forces in motion. JJ is comunicating with strange english sounding words to make a language of dreams.  Joyce's subconscious, night world is obscure, intentionally, like "real" dreams.  This bothers people, just as their own dreams do. This night book has stages, like the night, but there is no meaning to the actual story or beginning or end, the individual dreams have "meanings" and there is a progression but, like reincarnation or purgatory, there is no end or beginning . How do you escape such a work of art? perhaps a third book about Nirvana or Paradise: a simple book, like the Paridiso of the Devine Comedy. Cambell thought this was in the works when JJ died.I'm sure the greatest thing is NOT to listen or watch the defenders of FW. Although there are some fascinating works on the Wake and Dante, Vico, the Egyptian book of the dead, the book of Krells, Cabala, Christianity, Buddhism, Hinduism, Talmud and lots of dream consciousness-etc. My suggestion is to read or scan it, with JC's "Skeleton Key" or Tindall's so you can get a sense of what is being said, see which of the 4 books speaks to you and then start digging on your own, the best annotated guide is now on the internet, John Bishop's book is insightful. he also wrote the intro to the Penguin edition. Stop after a while, put it down, read some other stuff, pick it up later. I knew almost nothing of the philosopher Vico and had not read Dante. James Joyce was a true artistic personality and scholar and, as an eccentric, sardonic Irish scholar, he wanted to be obscure and drive all the other [Irish and non Irish] scholars nuts. NON SERVIAM I am slave to none- was the motto he lived by. This book is intentionally obscure and Joyce is known to have re written parts that were not obscure enough!! WHY? Again, dreams can have several meanings because the dreamer and the dream are one. the dreamer/reader must decide which meaning is pertinent to the story and to your own story and see if it fits. There is a subjective part to making something abstract and a subjective part to interpretation the art. Unfortunately, this vagueness plus the references and language threw the doors open to the cross winds of scholarly conjecture. At the end, however, Joyce is communicating something powerful, eternal [not about time] and wondrous but the reader/dreamer must be prepared to study, dig deep and interpret and sometimes just guess. A Warning label would say: it took him 15 years to write it. 1] There is no bottom 2] the journey is "reveiling". - if FW doesn't speak to you, that's cool; just don't say there is nothing there if you can't find or see it.
Bought this for my son in law and he loved it. I personally don't know too much about it, but he states that its full of great in-sites and he loved it.
This is a well-aimed book. If, like me, you are an experienced programmer who is looking to quickly learn Web programming, then this is THE book for you. It doesn't waste time with long-winded explanations of what variables  are or what recursion is. It assumes you know all that stuff and quickly  explains its four topics.I can't vouch for most of the HTML section,  because I already knew HTML, but I didn't know CSS (Cascading Style  Sheets), and they are handled succinctly here in about fifty terse pages,  sprinkled with very clear examples.The one exception to the  &quot;adult&quot; level of explanation is a chapter on OOP (Object-Oriented  Programming) for people new to it.1200+ pages for $40? Quite the  bargain.
For anyone who has enjoyed the outstanding rendition of Jane Austen's classic novel starring Colin Firth and Jennifer Ehle, this delightful, informative, eye-opening (and often humorous) behind-the-scenes book is a must have.  I for one had no idea of what is involved in successfully adapting a classic period novel, and I am grateful to producer Sue Birtwistle and script editor Susie Conklin for taking us through the entire process.Chapters include "The Script," which deals with the many difficulties that had to be overcome in adapting a novel effectively to an entirely different medium, while "Pre-production" deals with casting the actors and finding and securing suitable locations (no mean feat in itself!).  We also discover what many senior behind-the-scenes personnel do.  "Production Design" deals with the hands-on task of getting the locations ready--whether it's designing and creating a set or stripping a real-life location of all its 20th century trimmings (from unsuitable flowers, antennae and phone lines on the exterior to central heating pipes, light switches, electric light bulbs, and inappropriate furnishings on the inside).  Tremendous research was involved in both "Production Design" and "Costume, Make-Up, and Hair Design".  The latter chapter deals with decisions that had to be made concerning the palettes and styles of costume and hair for each actor.  One also learns about the expensive and painstaking wig-making process and discovers that not only were the costumes made, but so were the fabrics!The chapter entitled "Filming" chronicles the steps to be taken and the difficulties often incurred on the day of filming--things like checking the weather (and having contingency plans for rainy days) or requesting local air force bases not to fly over the location.  With 12- to 16-hour workdays per person, the filming day is long indeed.  For the actors, it's two-hours in make-up followed by 10 or 11 hours of actual filming.  After filming, the crew must then prepare for the next day--with chores like washing and setting wigs, cleaning costumes, and packing up props and horses!  Finally, "Post-production" deals with the months of work involved in editing, inserting sound tracks, and so on, to get the final product ready for the screen.It's always nice when the authors of behind-the-scenes' books have the full support of all involved in the production (from cast to crew), and such is most certainly the case here.  In fact, the book is rife with their many quotations and anecdotes, with certain members of the crew even contributing paragraphs describing the work they do and the process by which they achieve their goals.  Last but not least, there is a full nine-page "Conversation with Colin Firth," set in question and answer format, wherein Firth provides an insight into how he went about capturing what he felt was the essence of Darcy and the difficulties he experienced along the way.This is a beautiful 9 3/4" x 7 1/2" 117-page softcover.  Good quality paper is used, and it is simply filled to the brim with lovely fine-quality colour photos--stills from the series,  posed photos of some of the actors in full costume, photos of the actors being made up and the sets being prepared, photos of the filming process and of various crew members, and so on.  A nice touch was the tiny b/w studio photos of the actors' faces--how they look in real life (which is very different in most cases!)In conclusion, I found this to be a simply fascinating book, and one that without a doubt increases one's appreciation of this (and indeed all period dramas) tenfold.  It's a book to be treasured, and I highly recommend it.  If I have but one word of advice, it is this:  Get this book now--before it goes out of print (as companion books so often do)!
Ernest Hemingway is not one of my favorite writers, but I certainly do like him. And I loved A Moveable Feast, his memoir of his time spent in Paris in the 1920s. Hemingway describes many of the famous artists he associated with, like F. Scott Fitzgerald and Gertrude Stein and James Joyce and Ezra Pound and (though she wasn't really an artist) Sylvia Beach. He also describes his wife Hadley, and their son. This had particular relevance for me because I just recently read The Paris Wife, which was from Hadley Richardson's perspective. Here we have what life was like from Ernest's point of view. He chronicles his writing days, where he would sit and write and eat oranges and then walk along the river, he chronicles the horse races (and one familiar event that appears in The Paris Wife), and he tells of specific incidents.I read "the restored edition", and I don't really know if it's "the original manuscript as the author prepared it to be published." Many reviewers on Amazon seem to suggest that Sean Hemingway manipulated the work, claiming that Hemingway's fourth wife had changed it. But he's doing the same thing. And really, who can tell what Hemingway himself actually intended? He can't tell us anymore.I loved the descriptions of Paris in this novel, of its high-life and its low-life, of Ernest and Hadley's poverty, their struggle to get by, and his struggle to create. He describes it all really well, though obviously he is biased. There are chapters about the race tracks, about walking by the river, about various famous figures, and of course, about eating. And eating cheaply, but well.I think I liked this book more than any of Hemingway's novels (I've read The Old Man and the Sea, A Farewell to Arms, and For Whom the Bell Tolls). It was more compelling somehow, and easier to get through. Perhaps I'm just more interested in Hemingway's life than the stuff he writes about. Fishing and wars aren't the most interesting for me, but life in Paris is, with its famous authors and bars and cafes and cheap apartments. Hemingway paints a fascinating portrait of what life was like then for artists and writers.[...]
A very good book on how to buy common stocks directly from the company. I have a friend who is a stock broker at a major firm and all the scams that go on there I am shocked that more stock brokers are not doing time. Even main stream firms stink of the boiler room. They push the stock of the day and most brokers know little to nothing about the market, they're just there to sale the stock the firm tells them to sale. Total boiler room hype!Drips are the best way to buy stock. Why pay stock broker fees. Buy direct. Save money. This book tells you how.
The central argument of this authoritative and painfully realistic tome is that we cannot meet our energy needs for the next couples of decades (or more) through the development of green sources.  Messrs. Ayres argue quite persuasively that regardless of how much money the government and private enterprise put into the development of green alternatives, those sources of energy will not be developed fast enough.They write: "Recent progress in these [green] industries has been dramatic.  However, even with a crash effort comparable to the U.S. mobilization for World War II, or the Apollo program to put a man on the moon, it will take decades for these new energy industries to reach the necessary scale." (p. 2)Instead the authors believe the solution "is to radically reform our management of the existing fossil fuel-based system so that we essentially double the amount of energy-service we get from each barrel of oil (or 'oil-equivalent' of coal or natural gas) during the years it takes to bring carbon-free renewables to the point at which they can truly begin to take over." (p. 2)In this regard they give the example of a couple of steel companies in Indiana that captured waste heat from their operations in 2005 equivalent to a combined 190 megawatts of carbon-free energy--"more than the entire U.S. production of solar-photovoltaic electricity that year." (p. 4)The authors reckon that the US energy economy creeps along at about 13 percent efficiency.  They compare that to the 20 percent efficiency that Japan gets.  They believe we can double our efficiency to something like 26 percent.  They note "by using less fuel to do more work, this strategy will sharply reduce carbon emissions." (p. 5)  My question is, where were these guys when everybody in the energy business was making fun of Jimmy Carter's cardigan sweaters?Okay, the times have changed and the energy crisis has grown more acute.  However, you don't have to be a professional historian to notice that World War II was fought primarily because both Germany and Japan wanted access to oil fields, the Germans in the east and the Japanese in southeast Asia.  So the crisis has been coming for a long time, and so we can be pleased with this, however tardy, realpolitik contribution to a solution.But I am not so sure that the authors are correct with their dismissal of our ability to go green quickly.  No doubt the challenge is enormous, and there is little doubt that the political will to put the money into research and development is sorely lacking.  This tome, despite the enthusiasm that the authors show for eventually going green, could actually put a drag on current efforts.  I hope not.  Nonetheless, and over and above that consideration, I agree with them that it is crucial that we increase the efficiency of our energy use.Here are a couple of other interesting points the authors make.(1) Increasing the efficiency of our energy use reduces the cost of energy-dependent products and services (which includes most of the economy) and thereby encourages economic activity which will drive economic growth.(2) Increased energy efficiency will help us to maintain our high standard of living and, I would add, possibly avoid another recession or depression.  Note that energy efficiency works against an increase in the price of oil, and not at all incidentally, slows the shrinkage of world-wide oil reserves in the ground.Lest it appear that our authors are not as green friendly as perhaps we'd like, consider this from their chapter entitled "Liquid Fuels: The Hard Reality": "There's no future in spending a large part of our limited...resources...in the obsolescent technologies of the internal combustion engine, the two-ton personal vehicle it powers, and the gasoline that fuels it." (p. 101).Or this: "...if the Chinese get anywhere near the U.S. ratio of cars to population, with anything near the same rates of fuel use and carbon emissions, they won't have enough land for the highways or fuel for the engines.  Even if they did...the impact on climate would be unthinkable." (p. 102)Furthermore in the same chapter the authors point out that corn ethanol and biodiesel from soy beans will not work as economic solutions to our dependence on fossil fuels.  Additionally they point out how inefficient airplanes are.  There is more than a hint here that we need to return to the use of more efficient trains to more people and goods.  Perhaps this is why Warren Buffet is buying railroads.I've only hinted at the range of expertise and knowledge that the authors bring to the problem of energy and possible solutions.  The book is engagingly and energetically written (pun intended), and absolutely vital to an understanding of just what it is we are up against in terms of the possible energy crisis to come.  Energy is what runs the modern economy.  Without ample, relatively inexpensive energy, the world may very well turn to chaos as nations fight over supply while all the soccer moms of the developed world return to a subsistence life style resembling that of the undeveloped countries--and this possibly after a horrendous world-wide conflict.I'm not an alarmist, and certainly neither are the authors.  Nonetheless I hope that our political and corporate leaders read this important book and heed its advice.(Note: Thirteen of my books are now available at Amazon including "Hard Science and the Unknowable.")
Or maybe you are a troubled teen right now. In any case, this is the book for anyone who is in or has experienced a childhood that you didn't think was happy happy joy joy (which should be about everybody). This book takes you into the life of Holden Caulfield, a troubled 14 or 15 y/o boy (some may call him a cynic) in the 1950s who got kicked out of a school he didnt like and is fighting the world of conformity and "phonies". Just because this book was written in the 50s does not mean that it doesnt apply to modern life because it does, we may have experienced some of the situations he has and can relate to it. He says everything in this book that you're afraid to say complete with profanity (the profanity isn't all that bad, its nothing all of us havent heard already) and it's even bold enough to address sex and they way we feel about it at this age.It's my favorite book of all time because of how open and true it is. It has many themes and symbols and it's just great to read again and again. You will not regret buying this book because it is a must read for EVERYONE!!
"My library is in the third story of a tower; on the first is my chapel, on the second a bedroom with ante-chambers, where I often lie to be alone; and above it there is a great wardrobe...Adjoining my library is a very neat little room, in which a fire can be laid in winter, and which is pleasantly lighted by a window." Montaigne, On Three Kinds of RelationshipsFrom the start, Montaigne (1533-1592) shows his great love of writing about life and his ultimate pleasure: exercising his mind through the discussion of philosophy. He also loved to point out incongruity and excelled in making logical conclusions.His honesty seems to be his most attractive quality as he addresses the horror and beauty of life. At times he seems to almost be a reporter describing experience, detached and unemotional. Then when he delves into friendship he shows a new depth of emotion."There is no action or thought of mine in which I do not miss him, as he would have missed me. For just as he infinitely surpassed me in every other talent and virtue, so did he also in the duties of friendship." ~Montaigne, On FriendshipMontaigne's writing is at times a history lesson. He draws from the writings of Ovid, Cicero, Horace, Socrates, Plato, Seneca, Virgil and Petrarch.His topics are fascinating and get even more interesting when he talks about the custom of wearing clothes, the Platonic paradox or why churches use incense. He explores the power of the imagination, truth and error, friendship, why civilized man is at times no better than a savage in his actions and freely discusses his ideas about education.I must say that when he discusses books, this topic overflows and ends up in other essays. So, while the chapter on books may seem short, you will still find some excellent quotes later on while reading about the three kinds of relationships or "On Physiognomy," which seems to be more about the plague and death being inevitable and how philosophers contemplate death as a life-long exercise.I learned a great deal about Socrates and how the Athenians felt when he died and that swans sing when they die. It all seems unrelated, but somehow Montaigne casually introduces topic after topic with great intellectual flair. Finally we happen upon his survival when captured by a band of horsemen. Then, we understand why he has titled this chapter "Physiognomy," because he is saved by the kind look on his face and his firmness of speech.We also learn about his beautiful library. Later he discusses topics of interest like how Emperors built huge arenas that could be filled with deep water filled with sea monsters. These topics all seem related to his love of research.While he discusses history at length and loves to add in quotes, he is also a keen observer of human nature. He sees life so clearly and freely says what most people fear will offend. Like that when we find a fault in other people, it might be a fault in our character or how strong we have to be to handle being criticized and why there are remarkable proofs of friendship when someone gives constructive criticism. Of course, many would not agree with this, although our friends do see us rather clearly."One must learn to endure what one cannot avoid," becomes more relevant near the end when Montaigne faces his own death. He discusses life so casually and even tells us about what he loves to eat and still doesn't enjoy. Life's simple pleasures are still of utmost importance even when he is suffering greatly with illness.My blinds had turned golden in the early morning when I finished reading this book. I had the longing to sit by a fireplace and read another book by Montaigne. While it took three days to read the essays, this book almost ended too soon. Reading the essays was like discovering a long lost friend or a book through which we can live vicariously in another time and place.~The Rebecca Review
I just ordered this book like 6 days ago and it arrived yesterday!  I didn't even use any priority shipping upgrade or anything.  This is the book I needed for my class, and it is here, and about 1/2 the price I would have paid at school!  Pretty good.  No dust jacket but that is ok, the condition was rated as "Good" anyway, so that is only fair.  Otherwise the book is nice.
I purchased this book for a mother-daughter book club for me and my 8 year old daughter.  A few pages in I worried that it would be to young for her age (since the main characters start out at age 5), but as we kept reading, we fell in love with Besty and Tacy, their families, and their crazy imaginations!  We really did enjoy this book!  My 8 year old is an exceptional reader, but it is an older book so it was good that she and I were reading together so that I could explain some things to her.  It was fun to introduce her to a different time period.  Our book club ranges in ages from 7-10 and all of the girls liked the book.  Some of the younger (and older) sibilings even enjoyed listening in.  My daughter is already asking me when we can start reading more about Besty and Tacy!  Great book!
STONE FOX is one of the best written, most gripping children's stories.  I have used it in my classroom with children ages 8 - 12.  It is a story about a boy, his dog and his grandfather.  It has an exciting plot line with a sled race.  However I must warn you.... it has a SAD ending.  A sign of a good book, I still cry everytime I read it and I have read it many times.
Here's my honest review:Pros: The book really pulls together the concept of living healthier in your senior years nicely. The structure was tight and the various examples of diet and lifestyle and how they impact health was good.Cons: The book is a bit on the long side for my taste because I prefer books I can read through fast and get the points dead on. The authors advocates meat (in moderation) but my personal views do not support meat eating so we can disagree on this. The financial section of the both seemed a bit out of place and I felt it could have been a companion book.Overall, I like this book and it reminds me ofEating4Eternity.org: Unlock Your Holistic Health Lifestyle (The Holistic Health Nurse Series)which is a lighter read and more to the point but also focuses on a plant based diet. Both books promote healthy living but Jenny's book contains a meal plan which is a great bonus.
FDR ends his message to Congress on December 8, 1941 following the Pearl Harbor attack with "I ask that the Congress declare that since the unprovoked and dastardly attack by Japan on Sunday, December Seventh, a state of war has existed between the United States and the Japanese Empire."Thompson's excellent text reveals for newer generations the facts often forgotten about FDR's errant foreign policy toward Japan leading to the Pearl Harbor attack.  The freezing of Japanese assets, promoting a world wide embargo on oil, ..., were all provocations of America. Japan decided to fight rather than surrender.Triggered by Thompson's analysis of current historical positions, his work should raise questions about why World War II was fought in the first place and who really won?
As golf books go this one is excellent. Having said that I suggest caution to those looking for guidance with what Mr. Hardy calls the two plane swing. If you want to look like Bill Clinton playing to a twenty-four handicap (as the man in the photographs surely does) this is the way to do it. Much better advice about the two plane swing is offered by Manuel de la Torre and his mentor, Ernest Jones. Most young, strong players will ignore the two plane swing until their bodies tell them it is time to switch. But it is possible to play quite well this way (even at age 62) and timing is not the problem Hardy makes it if you forget about turning the hips and rotating the forearms on the forward swing.The real keys to the two plane swing are a stable, flexed right knee, immediate clubhead momentum in the backswing and a wide path with a correctly flexed right hand as the hips shift laterally (and involuntarily) in reaction to proper right leg positioning. Maintaining a bent right leg (actually attempting to "stay on it") as the downswing proceeds produces the effect known to aficionados as the "Snead Squat" and can produce amazing power and distance in a swing appearing all but effortless.Most golfing books begin well (the author usually has at least one good idea) and then degenerate into filler accumulated from generations of hacks. This book is highly original, insightful in important ways and makes a serious and painstaking effort at analysis, and it is not a criticism to suggest that some of the author's conclusions are incorrect. If you enjoy discussions of what happens in the golf swing this book is as good as it gets. But if you are a two plane swinger seeking advice on 'how to do it', I recommend proceeding with caution. Although the setup information is sound, the ideas that the grip can be weak (as opposed to neutral), that the arms and hips dominate the backswing, that the right leg can straighten and that the hips and forearms should be rotated on the downswing are just a new recipe for slicing (and hooking). Maybe Monte can get away with these things but the average player cannot.
There're lots of good things and lots of bad things here. The bad is that the novel follows formulas, the plot is predictable, the characters are simplistic, and the writing unadorned. The good is that the formula, the plot, and the characters are pleasantly familiar and the writing reads fast and well.Rather than one big novel, Dublin is really an omnibus edition of five short novels spanning Irish history from 430 A.D. to 1533 A.D. Following the James Michener model, Rutherfurd presents history through the members of a few families and ancillary characters. The Fergus and MacGowan clans appear at the start of the book. Some objects and tics survive the centuries to tie everything together.The Fergus pass a jewelled drinking skull down the generations, and there is an abbey associated with the family. The MacGowan clan was founded by a skeptical one-eyed silversmith named Goibniu. The smith's piercing squint testifies to his perceptiveness and his two-eyed descendants adopt the squint, giving the family a reputation for cunningness.I'd take the historical information in the book with a grain of salt, though. The facts presented might or might not be accurate, but they'll be a good start for your own research if you're so inclined. All in all, a nice, light, easy, and entertaining read ideally suited for long haul flights and hospital waiting rooms.Vincent Poirier, Dublin(Yes, I'm travelling this month and enduring long-haul twelve hour flights, which is why I'm giving four stars to a book I'd ordinarily give three...)
This charming fairy tale is a dramatic departure from Grisham's previous work -- not just because it contains nary a lawyer. The narrator is 7 year old Luke Chandler who lives with his parents and grandparents on a rented eighty acre cotton farm near Black Rock, Arkansas. It is a place so idyllic that it bears comparison to Camelot or Middle Earth. The main divisions in the town, according to Grisham, are not along racial, economic, or political lines, but rather between Baptists and Methodists and between supporters of the St Louis Cardinals and the Chicago Cubs. Luke tells us there are no black people living around Black Rock.Black Rock is preparing for the 1952 cotton harvest. Migrant workers arrive from the Ozarks and from Mexico. A family of hill people, the Spruills, and ten Mexican men take up residence at the Chandler farm to pick cotton. Over the next six weeks Luke finds plenty to worry about and learns a great deal more about life than he wants to. His uncle is fighting in Korea. He learns his family desperately needs a good cotton harvest. He witnesses Hank Spruill beating a local bully to death. Cowboy, one of the Mexicans, carries a switchblade and starts spending time with Hank's sister. Grisham knows that even a fairy tale needs suspense.With a couple of obvious exceptions, everyone in &quot;A Painted House&quot; is good-hearted. Luke's mother and other ladies of the town worry that the Mexicans were transported from Mexico in open trucks rather than buses. (That alone puts Black Rock in a different space-time continium than contemporary America) The owners of the cotton gin and the local grocery store extend credit with un-Snopes-like prodigality -- even to the Mexicans. The Chandlers' landlord may not get his rent, but doesn't threaten to foreclose. Luke's mother's garden, a veritable cornucopia, yields enough tomatoes, sweet corn, onion, okra, butter beans, grean beans, and peas to provision the Chandlers, their workers, and a share-cropping neighbor family of nine with all they can eat. One can't help but be struck by the contrast between this rural Eden and the new south Grisham has depicted in his other novels.It came as a suprise to me that the locale Grisham uses for &quot;A Painted House&quot; actually exists in northeastern Arkansas. Black Rock is in Mississippi County and Jonesboro, which figures in the story, is its county seat. Highway 135 does indeed constitute Black Rock's main street. But according to the 1950 US Census, nearly 30% of Mississippi County's population was black. Sometimes it's better not to know the way to Never Never Land.
My 6yo and 3yo love this CD. There's enough English explanation that they follow everything. Even my 3yo is constantly singing the songs, poems and snippets back. We listen to it in the car, which seems to be the most realistic way of absorbing, enjoying and maximizing the experience.
Written in an easy to read manner, comprehensive information on the world's religions and cultural surroundings.  I am not trading this book in as I do with other course materials, but keeping it for my personal library.  This book makes you feel like you are right in the heart of the religion you are reading about.  Well Done!
Incredible book ---so many themes. I loved it and my students LOVE it and they too are reading it overnight! That speaks for itself. I am always looking for books as powerful and as compelling as this one to put on my literature shelf. Email me if you have a suggested title.
My mother used to read this to me when I was young and while I had completely forgotten it i recently stumbled across our copy in the attic and the memories flooded back. I sat right down and started reading and couldn't believe how clearly I remembered the characters and the story. Beautifully innocent, while still being insightful. I could not recommend bringing this story into a young persons life more
Mary Karr takes reading and writing to a different level. Reading this memoir, I was swept up in her powerful and evocative language; I could see everything unfolding very clearly in my mind's eye. I can think of few authors who have such a gift for taking the complex subjects of life and reducing them to such simple and, well, truthful statements. Karr has a brilliance indicated by the fact that 'Liars' Club' is such a simple read. It's a stroke of luck, too, for it could make the most reluctant reader believe in stories again. Most highly recommended.
Long time ago, when I first started teaching, I bought a class set of Drive By.  My students went NUTS over this book!! Since that first year, my students would always ask me: "Can I have this book?!" My reply would naturally be NOOOOOO!!  I changed schools and went on maternity leave.  When I got back, I only had one copy of Drive By left!!  My students stole the books while I was out!!  I've been hunting for this book for years, and I'm getting ready to buy another class set.  This time, I will keep them under lock and key!!  I highly recommend this book as required reading for 6th-8th grade students.
At last, a practical and concise guide to the principles that make online communities and social networks thrive! At only 220 pages, this book is very thin compared to other computer industry works and thank goodness! It dispenses with the fluff that many other computer books start off with and gets right to the point by offering immediately implementable advice.I've been a member of many different online communities over the last 20 years, beginning with local BBS's back in the modem days before the WWW. The technology may have changed, but the human need for self-expression and drive to communicate and feel a sense of belonging never does. Drawing upon his 30 years of experience with online communities, the author lays out his central principles for designing communities that last: RIBS (Remuneration, Influence, Belonging, Significance).In each chapter, he offers sound, practical steps for nurturing each of his principles. Specific examples are things like: allow avatars, create merit badges, have level ups, and rank the contributions of members. We see these ideas all the time on the sites we visit and many of us probably have experienced many of these features without really thinking about them. Badges and avatars, for example, are used frequently in the gaming world like XBOX Live and PlayStation Network. Blip.fm, as another example, uses badges to encourage participation and growth of their user base. Users can earn them by doing specific actions. Youtube, Amazon, Urban Dictionary, and Digg, for example, use the now ubiquitous thumbs up, thumbs down system to rate the contribution of users.As a further example of how useful this book is, I had a teleconference with a client about to marketing a new beverage product. One meeting participant suggested cross-posting blog entries to Facebook. The client said that was not a good idea because Facebook sucks in the entire posting and he'd lose traffic to his site. Users would just read the article on Facebook instead. I immediately thought of the section in this book called "Ban redistribution servers and cross-postings".Lastly, there is no code to wade through, although some of the computer jargon and acronyms may not be completely understandable by all readers. This, however, should not detract from the overall usefulness of this book. It's about creating sustainable, fun communities where participants are loyal, happy, and feel a sense of belonging. Highly recommended for marketing purposes or people studying computer subcultures and communities.
I have long considered this to be my all time favorite book.  I don't deny that Steinbeck refined his craft, publishing a more polished Cannery Row (and then Sweet Thursday) some years and decades later, however, there is something refreshing about Tortilla Flat in it's unpolished way.  I would not recommend this book blindly to anyone.  It's not a book for critics, and literary fellows.  No one's going to make this part of a college reading list.  But there is something wholy American about John Steinbeck, and that makes Tortilla Flat something like a Declaration of Independence  - the words what started it all.
This book is a gold mine and one of the best on the market.  I would recommend this to anyone looking to shorten their learning curve.Lenny Laskowski, author of the book, "Success Via The Internet"(...)
I loved this story so much that I read it twice, which is rare for me.  The way a single teacher can so greatly touch the lives of under-priveleged students is awe-inspiring.  Through Braithwaite's extraordinary writing, the reader learns of how a teacher transforms a bunch of unruly teenagers who have a bleak future, to a group of mature young adults.  The gentle ironies are eye-opening; I love the teacher's teaching methods.  The best part, the aspect of To Sir With Love that really touched me, is that it's based on a true story.  This is a must-read....for anyone.
(3.5 stars). This is the first book in the Julian Kestrel series, set in the Regency period. At first, Julian seems like a fellow interested in being fashionable, but after he rescues a young man from a gaming hall, we begin to see that he is more than initially meets the eye. Hugh, to Julian's surprise asks him to be the best man at his wedding and invites him to the family country estate. What Julian finds is that the bride and groom's families are not at ease with each other and have a past, as the bride's father used to be a groom for Hugh's family. Things become more complicated when a young woman is found dead by Julian in his bed. Julian becomes further entangled in the mystery when his valet, Dipper (a former pickpocket) is implicated in the murder. Julian must sort out the convoluted history of the two families and find out not only who the young woman was, but who really murdered her. This was a clever, thoughtful, mystery which kept me involved and guessing the whole time. I am looking forward to the rest of the series.
This book is a necessary evil. And, by that, I mean that the things described here are so horrific (and so new, a lot of them, just when I thought I had heard everything there was to hear about the Holocaust) that it's mandatory reading but I wouldn't recommended it to those who are faint of heart (or suffer psychosomatic indigesti&oacute;n).Elie Wiesel writes this short memoir of his time spent in a number of concentration camps with a sincerity that is painful both to him and to the reader. But it all eventually turns out to be a deep lesson in humanity: the good, the extremely bad, and the insufferably ugly.Tread carefully.
I really love this book.  It took all the "scarey" out of sailing.  It stays on the boat and I consider it my best buddy....let them Luft!!
This book is truly Easy Spanish. Easy in the sense that if I master each page, I make more progress than with any other book of this nature. It is well written, has an attractive format, and follows a logical progression. So far, as I continue to make progress in this book, I have not found any words or grammatical concepts that have presumably been covered in past lessons, but which have not--which is more than I can say for many of the other Spanish grammars I have used. Furthermore, all of the grammatical principles and vocabulary are reintroduced in readings in the following chapters. This provides welcome reinforcement for the student and a sense of real achievement. I can wholeheartedly recommend this book.
Roger Fisher and William Ury, of the Harvard Negotiation Project, brought together all the strategies of negotiation and explain how to use them and why they work. Many of the strategies seem like common sense, but the  authors give concrete examples to help the reader become more aware of the  good methods.At first, I thought this would be another book which simply  gave pointers on good negotiation.  The writers go a step further and  discuss what to do when faced with a party which uses unfair negotiation  tactics (like threats or good guy/bad guy).  Invaluable.This is all  written in an easy-to-read format and well worth the time to read.
Wow.  This book is simply masterful.  I cannot believe that anyone could write anything this good on their first outing.One angle that I think other reviewers miss is that one could interpret the story with time travel not actually being real.When one finds great love one "feels" as if one has lived through their own history.  You imagine their lives as children, that perfect innocent soul you love.  You imagine their horror, their trials as they endure trials in a land you cannot reach -- the past.  When I think of Time Travel in this regard, the story of their relationship becomes even more deep as it describes that desparate clutching ( that becomes literally discussed on a certain New Year's eve in the book).And the book accurately captures the desperation that lovers find as they fight against that cruelest of masters - time.But they find so much joy in between, a lot of passion, a lot of sexual chemistry, an an inherent "amour fati" that you're just drawn into the maelstrom of their lives.I loved every page, was very shook up by the ending, and did not stop thinking about the book for several days.Please read this.
I have been tearing through these books since I first found the first one a few years ago. They are seriously the most hilarious/heart-breaking books I have ever read. Though I personally enjoyed the story-lines of the first nine the best, this book is just as brilliant in whit.For those who haven't already read books one to ten I waould not suggest starting here. I had to re-read the tenth, which I had read the year before, just to get through the first chapter. I have a bad memory with books and usually have to read all my favourites at least three times just to remember the names of the main characters. However, the names in this book are too memorable to forget.This series tells the story of the three Beaudelaire siblings, Sunny, an infant who enjoys biting and, in this book and the last two, cooking, Violet, a fourtenen-year-old who turns fifteen in this book who enjoys inventing, and Klaus, a thirteen-year-old who likes to read and research. After the death of their parents in a dreadful fire, the three have been fleeing the dastardly Count Olaf who is trying to steal the enormous fortune their parents left behind. During their tragic adventures, they come across the mysterious letters V. F. D. and strive to discover their meaning. In this book they encounter many submarines, mushrooms, traitors, desperate cries for help, and their friend's long lost brother.This book, the Grim Grotto, is not my favourite because it, and the tenth, do not have as much plot to them as the others. I also enjoyed the siblings desperatly trying to unmask the villain and in this one and the ninth and tenth there is none of that. however, this one is just as funny as the rest.If you enjoys falling of your bed, sofa, easy-chair or mountain-top with laughter than these books are for you.
Thirty years after I was first introduced to Frog and Toad, they still hold a special place in my heart. It has been such a joy sharing them with my own children! Classic Lobel humor coupled with fun illustrations, and easy enough for a beginner reader to master. No "Dick and Jane" here -- it's a real story, with real humor and action! Don't miss Frog and Toad.
You truly could not ask for a more complete reference on growing and using herbs.  Lesley Bremness' book, beautifully illustrated throughout with sumptuous color photographs, is the first book I turn to for all my herb-related questions, whether they relate to garden planning, how tall a particular herb will grow, or an herbal remedy for dry skin.  She provides extensive, well-organized, easy-to-read information on the cultivation and uses of perhaps 100 herbs, going well beyond the "usual suspects" to include such herbs as Elecampane, Melilot, and Houseleek.One of the best aspects of the book is its 100+ page "Herbal Index."  A full page (sometimes two) is dedicated to each variety, with good-sized color photos depicting the stem, leaf, seed, flower, root, dried flowers, dried leaves, crushed roots, other varieties, etc.  A small photo tops of the growing plant tops a sidebar.  This approach makes herb identification much easier than the books that rely on the garden glam shots where the herb looks gorgeous but its particulars can be difficult to see.  Each herb page begins with a description of any lore historically ascribed to the plan and perhaps the origins of its name.  For instance, the Borage description notes that the Old Masters often used the "beautiful pure blue" flowers to paint the Madonna's robe.The sidebars in the Herbal Index pack an amazing amount of information into a relatively small amount of space: Details about cultivation, including soil and sunlight preferences, harvesting and preservation, and the decorative, culinary, household, cosmetic, and medicinal uses of its various parts.  More details on the uses can be found in the "Using Herbs" sections.Interspersed in the Herbal Index are certain theme sections depicting a handful of herbs grown for flowers or foliage and salad herbs, for instance.The one drawback to the Herbal Index, as other reviewers have noted, is its arrangement by Latin name, rather than common name.  Since the common name appears in good-sized print, flipping through to find what you're looking for isn't burdensome.  Resorting to the thorough index at the end is another option.This drawback is more than made up for by the thorough information in the Herbal Index and the 100 pages of well-illustrated uses for herbs.  Here, the ideas go well beyond the usual recipes for meals and potpourri.  The Herbal Decorations chapter includes lovely photographs of nosegays annotated with the Victorian language of flowers meanings, herbal garlands, herbal wreaths, and herbal table decorations.  The culinary section features recipes for herbs the average person doesn't think to cook with, such as lovage soup and a marigold glaze for ham.  The Herbs for the Household chapter discusses natural ways to deter pests using herbs, a marjoram-based furniture wax, horsetail "scouring pads," plus instructions for herbal dyes, herbal papers, scented ink, herbal toys, and a perfumed box.  A variety of soaps, facial cleansers, bath additives, facial steams, floral waters and hair rinses appear in the Herbs for Beauty chapter.  The Herbs for Health organizes medicinal uses of herbs alphabetically by ailment.The book begins with a section on herb garden design.  Among the themes illustrated are plans for a moonlight garden, a delightful circular children's garden, a Chinese garden, and an Egyptian-style paradise garden.  Bremness also provides plans for gardens ranging in size from containers on a patio to a small corner of a yard to a large all-purpose garden (which seems to truly have a bit of everything).  The planning section is the one place in the book where Bremness relies on some finely detailed color pencil drawings rather than photographs, although she still mixes in a delectable array of inspiring color photos."The Complete Book of Herbs" is a resource that herb gardeners, whether novice or experienced, will turn to again and again.  I continue to find it as useful today as when I started my first garden some seven years ago.  Treat yourself to the hardback edition if you can find it and afford it.  It's well worth the investment.
Just finished this book during my vacation. I didn't expect to like it and it took about 3 chapters to get drawn in. But drawn in I was. This is a beautiful, creative, emotional and thought-provoking book. Very sad ending. I recommend it highly.
I can't recall ever wanting to read a book twice (never mind 4 times), until I started reading Diana Gabaldon's &quot;Outlander&quot; series.  Finding words to express my admiration for her writing is not an easy task.  If you haven't read these books, I URGE you to do so.  My only complaint  is the sense of loss I feel when I'm done reading...Oh well, there's always  the 5th time!
I had never read any of Salinger's stuff and liked this quite a bit. Very smart and still relevant 60 years after it was written.  The birth of the anti-hero in modern lit?
AS USUAL HIS BOOKS ARE FASCINATING. HARD TO PUT DOWN.I HAVE ALL OF HIS BOOKS AND CAN READ THEM OVER AND OVER. WISH ALL WRITERS COULD HOLD YOUR INTEREST AS WELL AND AS BELIVABLE
The book has all the fantasies of a young child's mind and all the fears. It covers a time and place in American history that has been overlooked. It was time . I gave it only four stars because,toward the end, it let me down. Still a very good read.
I am actually surprised to see not that many great reviews for this book. I totally love it! This together with other iPhone programming books has helped me quit a lot. What i really like about this book is the video tutorials that come with the examples in the book. Now i do agree, as a beginner one maybe find it confusing as i saw other reviewers say about the examples, but ALL the examples in the book have related videos which you can check out. and that is what sets this book apart. i dont think any other book out there does this. I give this book a 4 only because its a beginner book and doesnt go into all topics( ie advanced ), apart from that is great. you get to actually see it being done. so if anything confuses you JUST check out the videos. If you dont believe, just check out the video site first before buying a copy.Personally, i like this book.
Full of Bull is a great read for individual investors. Stephen McClellan makes a great case about why you shouldn't drink Wall Street's Kool-Aid.  And Kool-Aid is exactly what Wall Street sells. Learning how the Street works is a vital lesson you must understand to protect your wealth.Although this book is not targeted to professionals, the book reinforced my long-held views that analysts' freshly issued opinions should be taken advantage of.On page 98, McClellan makes the following comment: "Take time off during a bear market. To preserve your capital, stand back and reduce or eliminate your exposure to stock for a while." This tactic seems inconsistent with the following statements:* From Shelby Davies: "It is in a bear market you make most of your money, you just don't realize it yet."* From Warren Buffet: "Be greedy when others are fearful."I posted a comment on the author's blog about this inconsistency. The author responded:I appreciate your interest in my blogs and my book. Yes, my strategy to avoid Bear Markets is contrary to that other advice. My foremost strategy is to protect your capital. It requires a 100% gain to off-set a 50% loss. I would rather miss the bulk of the 50% loss, even if it means I might miss a subsequent 50% rise. The Buffet strategy is for professionals. Individuals need to be more careful.I think this is a very sensible recommendation for non-professionals.I highly recommend this book and I will read it again if I start to lose my senses in the next bull market.
If you only ever read one book on the Kennedy assassination, this is the one it should be. Absolutely first-class journalism in a clear and compelling narrative.There has been an industry in Kennedy assassination books, with nearly half of them ridiculous and nearly another half having no integrity. This book, now aging in some aspects, was startling when published, not startling because of extreme claims, but startling for its skilled marshaling of a huge body of facts. It is done so well, you will not be able to put it down.My apologies to another reviewer, but Gerald Posner's book not only contains errors, it brings nothing fresh to the controversy. Posner simply re-interprets parts of the body of evidence according to his inclination, and he is an awkward writer. But it is the body of evidence itself which is in question, or at least many important parts of it.
I started out with The Shadow Factory (SHOWY, then Body of Secrets (BOOTS), and now just finished The Puzzle Palace (ZEPLACE).(Just hadda do it--try for those non-acronym, compound-non-acronym, acronym-looking abbreviates the military is so fond of using, which we're awash in in Bamford's books. What's ALLO? Why, All Others. We need pronunciation guidelines for these "handles," AND I think Bamford should adopt the style of appending the acronym/abbreviation/handle in parens after the first reference as in: all others (ALLO, pronounced Al Owe, or whatever Aloe?).Awkward sometimes, but a real help to the reader who has to go through one- or two-paragraph thumbnail biographies of the personnel listed in such profusion. (Guy starts in AWS, then 2 years later, SAWSP, then PODUNK, which was changed a month later to HOOPLE, and combined with NAVINT to become NOPE... (I'm making these up; if one could more easily keep them straight, it would be helpful. Of course probably part of the reason for all of these non-clear handles is to keep everyone guessing. But, hopefully, not the National Security Agency folks.On the other hand, one particularly nifty line Bamford zaps us with is something like: By the end of 19NN, the NSA was at once the most secretive and the most penetrated of our US spy agencies. Whooaaa, mama!! Sounds like a lethal combo, no?ZEPLACE was 1983, BOOTS, 2001. Bamford lived in Natick, Mass when ZEPLACE was published; Washington, DC when BOOTS was published. I don't have SHOWY--but the paperback copyright page on Amazon says  2008. I didn't look for the author's blurb, but the dedication changes between ZEPLACE and BOOTS suggest a change in family status as well as residence. I'd put a couple of search terms into the NSA's disk-farm database (was it Total Information Awareness? Thanks In Advance for leaving us Poindexter? At least a British tube-writer made use of TIA in The Last Enemy (which is you, of course. Or me. Or folks who quote from the US Constitution too much, or emails, texts, twitters, searches, too frequently about "rights" or "We the People" + "freedom of speech" + Fourth Ame* OR + 4th."  You get the pitcher. I'll mix the Flavor-Ade.(Does anyone remember a flyer put out by I think the FBI back in October or so of 2001, from the Arizona, or an Arizona field office that suggested reporting, as "suspicious persons" who could be "preventably detained", folks who did quote the US Constitution, or mention "rights" or "civil rights"?  Is that kind of stupidity just built in to human beings in government organizations? Or is it a particularly American habit--try to label all your critics as "terrorists," as "traitors," as "unpatriotic," as "Socialists," or "Atheists"--oops, meant "Godless Death Tax Payers".And why in the name of all the First-Mover tree-bark that exists do we ordinary folks LISTEN to that stuff? (That 1st mover & tree-bark ref. is to good ol' New England Transcendentalism (which I may have miss-described w/ that bit. No offense intended.)Having read Body of Secrets (BOOTS) before Puzzle Palace (ZEPLACE), I had a sense of d&eacute;j&agrave; vu (all over again) that hit hardest on the pages about the Israeli Defense Forces (like our own Defense Department, it seems the IDF has always been miss-named; should be the Israeli War Forces (our own DoD started out as the War Department, a much more honest designation than the current one, but people just don't get how important words are in the government game (raison d'tre, may be a better phrase--reason for being) of propaganda, disinformation, misinformation, lying, etc.) deliberate attack on the NSA ship, USS Liberty, a "ferret" ship, or COMINT ship, or a ship with lots and lots of antennae, to receive and transmit (one to bounce signals off the moon--that I think that was so cool--imagine dealing with the roll, pitch and yaw of an ocean-located ship-in-perpetual-motion, the craggy surface of the moon, swathed in moon-dust--and getting ANY intelligible "intel" (broadcast signals) from sea to moon to earth--or even to another floating eavesdropping ship--so many variables there that I doubt that ship2moon2ship hop was tried.So I went back & forth between ZEPLACE and BOOTS. There indeed was the same tale, sometimes in exactly the same words. (Bamford copyrighted his own works, so he can repurpose them all he wants, and to a fare-thee-well, should he so chose).But I would recommend just starting with BOOTS, and skip ZEPLACE. The USS Liberty story is much augmented in BOOTS, and it hardly matters, in my view, just what all the alphabet soup in ZEPLACE, particularly, the British and US spy outfits had to wade through to get to where they are now.On the other hand, if you can get through all of the alphabet soup (most of which added little or nothing to my understanding of what the nation's biggest and most richly-'appropriationed' spy outfit does and its impact on our lives today. SHOWY gives the up-to-date and scariest stuff--particularly as to the claim Bamford makes (unless I misread him) that virtually every one of the main fiber optic trunk lines of our US telecom companies has been saddled with a "splitter box" to duplicate every bit, every binary digit, of telecom traffic that goes through those fibers. Since early in 2002. And that it's all whirring about on a 'monongahelous' disk farm down in Texas somewhere.All that "Intel," ripe from the field-intercept, ready to be harvested by keyword, search-word, "watch-listed" words (like names of people, places & things. As I get it, a so-called "watch list" is nothing more than what you or I type into Google to find stuff, with no doubt lots of bells & whistles from every library system ever conceived and/or built (2 chars within five spaces of..., 3 alpha plus 14 numeric plus 12 alpha strings, all of George Boole's logic operators, and so on.I may have missed this in BOOTS, but Bamford's narration in ZEPLACE of what the NRO, National Reconnaissance Orifice, actually can do with their satellite farms, does with them--like notice when a single airplane has veered off course in our own airspace--made me sit up and exclaim: "Aha!! so THAT's why they had to have a mock 'plane-flying-into-the-NRO-headquarters-on-9/11/2001' fire drill/exercise--to get them all out of the buildings so they couldn't see all those four airplanes go off-course. So much to learn, so little time.As to who "they" are (in the "they had to" line above), I hazard no guesses. All I want for Christmas is my two-front-toothsome investigations:1) The REAL 9/11/2001-What Happened facts, and2) 18 USCode 2441, the US War Crimes Act (to investigate and bring charges in the cases of the 170 or so deaths of prisoners-of-war in US control, probably while undergoing torture under the direction, by daily videoconferences, of our very own National Security Committee, the POTUS, the POTEET ("petite president," or Dark Cheney, Rice, Addington, Wolfowitz, Rumsfeld, Powell?, Libby--dunno of Dick Perle was in on the fun 'n' games), Liz Cheney?, Feith, who-all else? Anyone gotta better list?
This book was a required text in a writing class I had as an undergraduate and I actually enjoyed reading it.  In fact, I enjoyed it so much that I kept my copy instead of selling it back to the bookstore as a used copy at the end of the semester and I've used it for a reference ever since.  It often comes in handy when I run up against obstacles in getting a writing project done.As someone else pointed out, it's not as in depth as some other writing books.  It is infinitely more readable and enjoyable, though.  I know "enjoyable" is not a word that academics like since there seems to be an attitude of "it's only good if it's painful."This book shows that good style and enjoyment aren't mutually exclusive. In fact it advises to turn your views and resources to best account to produce writing you'll be proud of. It also gives much more practical and understandable advice for inexperienced writers than anything else I've read.This book should be a required yearly read for academic writers everywhere.  It seems that many have forgotten the reason that they're writing--to communicate effectively--not simply to show off and get a publication under their belt.
I believe the ability to write a thoughtful and effective letter is an important skill to have, and one that many younger people today are not developing due to all of our electronic communications.  I got this for a graduation gift and it has truly helped me become better at writing good letters for my new "adult" life, from thank you letters to job correspondence and more.
Over two weeks have passed since starting Children of Men. In case you are wondering, P. D. James' book inspired the film in which Clive Owen starred. Unfortunately, the read was not near as exciting as it could have been due to the fact that I just recently viewed the movie, however, still worth the effort.The movie is actually only the second half of this book, and as most movie adaptations, it's not totally true to the book.  The world that James creates is in utter turmoil, with no hope of the future.  You see how corrupt the ruling power has become, and how a small group tries to save humanity.I generally love reading books that have a post-apocalyptic feel to them, and this fits the bill.  Is it the state of man and their urge to survive that keeps me enticed to such novels?  I can't really say.  But I can say that this was and enjoyable read.Books are generally better than the movies... at least in the case where the novel predates the big-screen. Unfortunately in a suspense story like this, not knowing what happens in the end really helps to keep the interest perked.
For a grandson who loves to play with his castle and knight figures, this book is a natural addition to that world and an introduction into another time and place. My grandsons are 8 and 5 and I want them to know about the whole world and all those times past when battles were fought and principles lived up to. They will realize that history repeats itself and if  they learn from that, then perhaps they can make their future world a better place to be.
The story of `Mailing May' is actually based on the true story of the mailing of Charlotte May Pierstorff who was actually mailed (as a baby chick), from Grangeville, Idaho to Lewiston Idaho in 1913.  While the author has of course made a few changes here and there, it is never the less based on a true happening and the author has gone to great lengths to portray the era in which May was mailed...January 1, 1913.Times were hard in Idaho, as they were in most places during that day and time and May wanted to visit her grandmother "who lived a million miles away through the rough old Idaho mountains."  The problem though was that the train ticket (the only way of getting there) costs a dollar fifty-five, and as May's father points out, he has to work an entire day for that kind of money; money the family simply did not have.What to do, what to do?Between May's extended family, local railroad workers and postal workers they came up with the idea of simply mailing May, which at the time would only cost fifty-three cents.  Regulations stated that the postal department could not mail lizards or insects or anything smelly.  May pasted the smell test and she most certainly was not an insect or lizard.  The postal service could though mail baby chicks and that is what they classified her as...a forty-eight pound and eight ounce baby chick...a record!This is a delightful story taken from an era long gone.  The tale is beautifully written and the art work is some of the best I have seen in a children's book.  The author and illustrator have most certainly captured the feel and essence of Idaho during the turn of the century.  The story is a good lesson in just how innovative people could be at that time and a good lesson in how a community and family can work together to get things done.This work is a complete winner in my book, both the story content and the way it is presented and in the beautiful art work.Don BlankenshipThe Ozarks
Source : Netgalley/PublisherRating : 4/5This is the second book of the Vish Puri series that I have read; I've also reviewed "The Case of the Missing Servant". The central character Vish Puri, is a portly Punjabi private investigator based in New Delhi. In this book he tackles the case of two star-crossed lovers. His associate Facecream is helping an outfit called the Love Commandos in assisting young people who want to marry out-of-caste. In orthodox India, this is a big no-no, so resistance is expected. However when Ram Sunder, a Dalit man, and Tulsi, daughter of Thakur Vishnu Mishra, decide to marry, Tulsi's family takes serious umbrage; Ram is kidnapped and his mother is killed. Facecream calls Puri for help and he, enroute to the Vaishno Devi shrine, sidetracks his way to Agra.There is also a sub-lot involving Vish's Mummyji and her suspicions about Duggal, a man who is also making the trek to the Vaishno Devi shrine. Mummyji thinks his behavior is suspicious following a tip-off by Vish, but her attempts to alert the local police fall on deaf ears and it is up to Mummyji to actually do something about it.Every time I read Tarquin Hall I am amazed at how adroitly he captures the Indian milieu in his writing; it suggests a deep familiarity and strong affection for the place. Not only are his descriptions of the Punjabi-ness of the Delhi-ite folk spot on, even his portrayal of Puri's relationship with the rest of his family rings true - a little overdone for comical effect, but true. Puri is a food-loving Punjabi man. And he has a domineering Mummy. Mummyji calls him Chubby and won't heed Vish's advice. His wife Rumpi will though so he calls her instead when he has instructions to be followed to a T. Then there is Elizabeth Rani, Puri's assistant (he calls her "Madam Rani"), who has the office running while Puri gallivants around on his sleuthing adventures. And then there is Facecream, Tubelight, Handbrake, DoorStop and other creatively named operatives employed by Puri.Hall's characters speak in true colloquial, Indian English, like "Kindly don't do time-waste". Grammatically incorrect questions are (hilariously) answered with stubs of other grammatically incorrect questions; I'm laughing out loud reading this stuff. Simple statements are also questions.Puri is good-naturedly conceited about his abilities, insisting that nothing escapes his notice and that his radar "is working twenty-four hours a day, three hundred sixty-five days a year, only." His egotistical nature reminds me of Hercule Poirot's inflated sense of self. Much like Poirot, underneath all that pomposity, Puri genuinely wants to put matters right, whether it be catching the perpetrators of a jewelry heist or reuniting a couple in love. That is what makes him such a likeable character. Inspite of his florid, robust nature, Puri, possess a surprisingly insightful view of the world around him. He wears his safari suits with a swagger, but it is all good.The Case of the Love Commandos is a well-plotted, fast-moving mystery which engages us via it's smartly-etched characters, it's in-built humor and plenty of twists-and-turns. Another feather in Hall's cap, this one is highly recommended.
This book provides a number of actionable techniques to structure analytical groups to enable them to provide business beneficial insights.  There are also some good ideas on ways to use different types of analytics to generate business value.  This book would be very helpful to people in an analytical enabler role as it describes a number of options to work effectively with business and technical teams.Wick.
In Wake Up Now, Stephan Bodian presents a wonderfully clear and true explanation of awakening and offers many exercises to facilitate the experience of one's true self. I highly recommend this book for those who are awakening or who have awakened and who want to understand that process better--because, as Stephan explains, for most people, awakening isn't an endpoint but is followed by a continual deepening and unwinding of conditioning. Stephan is a trustworthy guide in this and knows what he is talking about.Gina Lake, author ofRadical Happiness: A Guide to Awakening
Chip and Dan Heath's `Made to Stick' gives a very "SUCCESs"ful display of how simple ideas can become worldwide phenomenon with a little push in the right direction.  Common denominator of most successful ideas is that they are "sticky."  These ideas have certain criteria to them that make them gain this stickiness, they are: Simple, Unexpected, Concrete, Credible, Emotional, and can be backed up with Stories (SUCCESs).The Heath's brothers give the example of Southwest for Simple, Southwest's motto was being THE low fare airline, every business decision they make must go back to this initial idea, otherwise it is scrapped immediately. Unexpected can be anything that defies your preconceived notion of a situation, like a normal car commercial that all of the sudden turns fatal when another car broadsides the other.  Concrete can deal with anything that shows the validity of the idea, like how a teacher after Martin Luther King Jr. died decided to divide her children by brown and blue eyed to show how discrimination actually works.  Credible is anything that comes from someone in the know, like how Pam Laffin died at the age of thirty-one because she smoked since she was ten.  Emotional is anything that arouses your emotion to the situation, like how TV ads will show you a specific child in Africa that eats once every other day and needs your help (since if they gave a broad spectrum of hunger in Africa, there is no emotional connection to it).  Stories can leave a lasting impact on you, like the story of Jared from Subway who was able to overcome all odds and lose over 250 pounds by eating Subway.Chip and Dan Heath do very well in explaining exactly how ideas become sticky, and what are some of the pitfalls to avoid when trying to get your message across, like the Curse of Knowledge (just because you know or understand something, does not mean everyone else does or should).  They explain that stickiness is not about repetition, it's about being able to say what you need to say once and have everyone listen.
A good collection of short stories. I recommend this as an introduction to Georgette Heyer's work. Some very amusing stories.
The Facebook Era notes that it seems that in each decade there is another major innovation that changes the face of business. Social marketing is just the next logical step. Therefore, as with each previous advancement, those in the business world again need to learn new rules and master new skills.Today, many people are using Facebook to promote their work in new and exciting ways. Unlike conventional advertising, social networks like Facebook make use of personal connections. It's inexpensive and fairly easy to do.It sounds easy enough but mistakes can be costly. The Facebook Era teaches the entrepreneur the ins and outs of Facebook and several other social networks. Business owners can then use this information to pinpoint which sites and which techniques would be most appropriate given their products or services
Boy, I wish I had read this book a long time ago. Who would have thought that so much about the hidden forces that shape technology development projects could be explained in just 200 pages?I found this book credible, useful, and a fun and easy read. It's a little bit cynical and short on solutions, but that's hardly a criticism -- if you're on a death march project, you lose.For example, you really need to make sure that the reward for heroic success isn't another death march. How you do this isn't exactly clear, but if you're not confident about it, then it's probably time to take a permanent vacation.One serious flaw is the failure to mention that left to their own devices, *most* death march teams will decide that there isn't enough time to plan or to test, as if somehow magically neglecting to do so won't make the project even later. The project manager needs to make sure that this doesn't happen. If you read "Death March," then you probably ought to also read "Rapid Development" (McConnell) for balance.Nonetheless, if you're a project manager or a project team member with more than a year of industry experience, then you'd be foolish not to read this book.
As a successful coach, Talqane Miedaner has had lots of experience helping people with relationships. In this book, she focuses on using the Law of Attraction (a la "The Secret", "The Law of Attraction", and other similar books) specifically to attract the type of relationships that are rewarding and lasting.The basic message of the book is that the best way to attract what you want is not by 'needing' it, but by being who you are and living life to the fullest. When you are doing what you enjoy, you will attract others who vibrate naturally with you.This book contains many worksheets that are designed to help you determine what factors are important in your life. Knowing what you want is the important first step to getting what you want. This book is worth reading and doing the exercises if you have trouble deciding what you really want in life, and in focusing your attention on attracting it.
I checked this out based on a recommendation from my professor, a lifelong educator who's deeply immersed in the field of leadership and organizational development. He stated, on no uncertain terms, that this was a great read on talent development. Not just talent in one area, ALL talent.The central premise, which is repeated for effect throughout the book, is that "skill is insulation that wraps neural circuits and grows according to certain signals." That insulation is a substance we learned in high-school biology called myelin. Building myelin allows impulse circuits to fire more precisely, more quickly, and more consistently, all of which contribute to skill improvement. Practice and repetition are crucial to this increase in myelination activity. Instead of focusing on genetic and environmental factors, Coyle proposes that we think of skill development as a muscle and an exercise in building myelin. The book focuses on three crucial elements that allow people to develop their skills and become experts in a wide range of fields, from sports to music and art:Deep Practice  - Repetition is important, but Coyle explores what it means to practice effectively - through focusing both on the small details and the big picture, and by actively utilizing failure as an opportunity to improve. One of the best examples in the book is provided early on, dubbed the Girl Who Did a Month's Worth of Practice in Six Minutes. Just like a baby taking its first steps and falling, skills are developed much more quickly through doing and failing, attending to mistakes, and trying again. A really good quote in this section from Samuel Beckett: "Try Again. Fail Again. Fail Better."Ignition  - The fuel necessary for the repetition required for skill development. Coyle scours the world for examples of talent hotbeds and teases out some primal cues that stirs the fires necessary for the commitment necessary towards being world experts. One interesting finding is that effort-based language (eg. you are working hard) is more effective for igniting than intelligence based language (eg. you are really smart) because it speaks to the very core of the learning experience (by building myelin and improving circuits).Master Coaching  - The guidance necessary to cultivate world class talent. Coyle interviews various sports and talent coaches and learns that good coaches generally have a toolset of depth of knowledge, perceptiveness of personalities, directly instructive communication skills, and an innate sense of empathy for their students. Not surprisingly, these qualities of master coaching are also a result of years of practice and myelin building.Overall, the book was a great, quick read. Coyle litters the book with interesting anecdotes while keeping the pacing lean and the content organized. That's tough to do. I learned a few things that could be beneficial to my own personal development, which is always nice. Some of his findings and statements sound a little too definitive, but it does make for a persuasive piece of writing. If you're looking for a detailed exploration of the connections between myelination and skill development, this is not the book for you. Otherwise, I highly recommend it.
I learned about this book from its sister book, Linux Kernel Primer: A Top-Down Approach for x86 and PowerPC Architecture. While the kernel book is not a good one at all, this one is a true gem. The writing is clear, lucid, and the examples are from the real world and thoroughly explained. In contrast, the kernel book gives overly broad and general introduction to a subject and then dives into the source code with disconnected commenting; there is such a big gap between the intro and the source code that it's not readable at all.The auther Arnold Robinns also wrote a few other great books, including Learning the vi Editor and Learning the Korn Shell. With the achievement of this book, he ranks near the great, late Richard Stevens in terms of writing quality.
&quot;Seth Speaks&quot; is by now something of an oddity- a cult book for its sparse followers (now, they'll probably protest) &amp; virtually a nonentity for newer New Agers- after all, they got diluted and digested Seth in Walsh's &quot;Conversations with God&quot; (with few Sethian virtues &amp; vices galore). So, since I'm not a &quot;reality-creator/creationist&quot; (bwahhhah...) -what's the point in writing a review on this book ? Well....something personal ? I guess as a tribute to the most rewarding modern vision of Reality.I've read &quot;Seth Speaks&quot; after having digested much more &quot;esoteric&quot; stuff (Evans Wentz's Tibetan Canon, theosophists, Gurdjieff, Max Heindel, Cayce, Kashmir Shaivism, Kabbalah both Hebrew and Hermetic....). In essence- Seth's is a Tantric vision of Reality as energy/consciousness  Multiverse, with souls (without nitpicking, something akin to Scientology's thetan, jivatman in Shivaloka or Antarloka whizzing to Bhuloka-a Kashmir Shaivism's central narrative, Ruh of gnostic variant of Sufism or Anthropos of Hermeticism and our Western Christianity, where it played seek &amp; hide under various guises ( Gemueth, Pneuma &quot;married&quot; to Psyche, Angel Christ of Valentinians,..)) creating &amp; discreating, evolving, teaching, and- this is the royal message, at least for me: instensely living. What struck me as new in this book was primarily language and, as it were, shifting angle of exposition: at one moment Seth insists that you *are* the soul (hence, a sort of Gnosis); next page, you are instructed to contact the soul (which, by the way, passes though a bewildering variety of linguistic impersonations: inner self, Identity, whole self, Self, ....-sometimes these terms hint at other possible levels of selfhood)- hence, a sort of &quot;contact your Higher Self&quot; admonition in the Jungian vein. Probably the best pages (and most provoking ) are those describing systems of probable realities, mutability of selfhood in Multiverse, human incarnation, use of dreams and concept of God &amp; perpetual creation (though, one can find the latter notion in Sufism). On balance-life affirming, &quot;positive&quot; and modern approach expressed through sometimes overly verbose, but nonetheless mesmerizing narrative on the Cosmos, Self and everything. If Faulkner is the preeminent example of &quot;Dixie Gongorism&quot;, &quot;Seth Speaks&quot; is the most entrancing representative of &quot;Esoteric Gongorism&quot;.One message, almost invariably picked up as the crux of book, is that &quot;you create your own reality&quot;. Taken literally- for anyone save Sethian fundamentalists, this is nonsense. On the other hand - this is a sound advice, when interpreted either in down-to-earth sense (&quot;positive attitude&quot;) or in the case (extremely rare) when one is able to refocus their center of consciousness into inner self and induce a network of &quot;synchronicities&quot; (even then, the level of operating freedom is embedded into the greater whole where determinism and free will interplay). Egoic consciousness (or, in Seth's lingo, ego personality, conscious personality) can create and discreate, but, evidently, to a very limited degree (Freudian psychoanalysis is still valuable, at least partially, re this matter).Be as it may, I dedicate this review as a tribute to ole Seth, the most eloquent, original, humorous, humane, muddle-headed, inspiring and exasperating &quot;prophet&quot; of the now extinct &quot;Old New Age&quot;- the only channelling that still provokes a thrill of expectation.
I have mixed feelings about &#34;Fire and Hemlock.&#34; I love retold fairy tales, and I hadn't read one based on &#34;Tam Lin,&#34; so I was excited about this book--especially since I've loved some of Dianna Wynne-Jones's other work. In &#34;Fire and Hemlock,&#34; Polly is an imaginative young girl who realizes one day that she has two sets of memories--one very prosaic and normal, and another that's fantastic and magical, featuring a cellist named Thomas. As she looks back over her childhood, she compares the two sets of memories and tries to figure out what happened, both what's real and why she forgot such important events.As other readers have mentioned, I found the start of this book very slow--the first 70 pages took me a while, and then I finished the bulk of the book in about two days. Once Polly is older, it improves a lot. I liked the basic idea of the plot, but I felt like a lot of it was stretched too thin and other parts weren't developed enough--for instance, I quickly tired of Seb and his relationship with Polly, but wished I knew more about how Laurel originally hooked Tom.I also found it a little creepy (sorry, Dianna Wynne-Jones) that Thomas targeted Polly so young as his savior, given the direction their relationship goes. It was a little too magical Daddy Long-Legs for me.However, I would recommend it if you like well-told fantasy that also has a mystery element.
After reading "Night", I realized that it is the first book I've read that was authored by a Holocaust survivor.  I was so absorbed by Elie Weisel's tale of absolute misery and despair that it only took me a little over an hour to read the entire book ... and I've found myself thinking about it's contents ever since.  It is also the first book I've read that actually made me feel the authors pain.The books starts with the feeling that Germany's defeat was imminent, Weisel conveys a sense of complacency in that it appeared he and his family would be spared the worse with the Red Army's rapid westward advance to Germany.  Even when Germany invades Hungary in the spring of 1944, Weisel and his family appeared content to wait for the Russians.  This proved to be a grave miscalculation as the Nazis begin deporting Jews from the ghetto to labor camps in Poland ... at this point, Weisel and his father are separated from his mother and younger sister.  The remainder of the book is about survival based on ingenuity, fate and others' misfortunes.  As he and his father trudge through the hell of Auschwitz; it isn't until later that Weisel begins to assume the fate of his sister and mother.Throughout the book, death is both random and a frequent sight, with the lines of people plodding to the chimneys that endlessly spew the ashes of thousands upon thousands ... a constant reminder of his inevitable fate.  Weisel frequently contemplates his faith in God, because there is no way, he believes, that God would allow such inhumanity on such a grand scale.  When the thundering artillery of the approaching Red Army are actually being felt, the Nazis crudely force the inmates of Auschwitz on a death march to Germany that only the strong could possibly survive.  At this point Weisel sees and feels how the bonds of family become unglued when starvation becomes extreme and how the endless dead are unceremoniously disposed.  Buchenwald is the final destination of the death march and it is there where Weisel experiences his ultimate loss and eventual liberation by the Americans.At 120 pages (including a transcript of the author's Nobel Prize speech), Weisel didn't need many words to bring forth the pain, suffering and loss he experienced and witnessed.  I found myself constantly putting myself in Weisel's shoes, often wondering how he had the will, at sixteen years of age, to endure such horrific circumstances.  I intended to be critical of this book in that it left me with so many questions, mainly follow-up questions, like Weisel's thoughts looking back.  But, with the book still making me think several days after I read it, I accepted and appreciated "Night" for what it was ... a nightmare that became reality for a teenager ... a capsule of that particular moment in time, no more, no less.
In the early chapters of this book i was so sure i knew who the culprit was...and then there was a plot twist...and another plot twist...and many, many more.  This is definitely NOT a cozy mystery.  You will not be able to (nor will you want to) skip parts of the text for fear of missing part of some character's development or a clue to the solution.  I am looking forward to subsequent Harry Hole mysteries but I think I'll take a break first and quietly digest this first one.
Great book!!  Takes a certain sense of humor to appreciate, very dry and witty.  Will have you rolling with laughter.  And this was written 40 yrs ago?  Gotta check this one out.
This book offers great truths - about how fear of failure stops people from even trying. It even breaks down the different excuses that people use at different points in their lives to avoid taking the risk to succeed.  An excellent read!- Aimee Elizabeth, Author of Poverty Sucks! How to Become a Self-Made Millionaire.
Awsome book for those who are interested in human behavior.  Should be a must read for all new parents.  Easy to read and understand.
This is a very important book to read for those interested in shamanism and sorcery. Abelar was a female apprentice to those sorcerers who taught Carlos Castaneda. She describes some of the teachings specific for women. She also places a greater emphasis than did Castaneda on some very important aspects of sorcery/shamanism. These aspects are those of visualization and breathing techniques. She also emphasizes the practice of physical movements called Magical Passes, the purpose of which is to draw energy in to the chakras. I found it difficult to figure out how to execute these movements from the descriptions in the text however and would therefore recommend buying the Tensegrity videos. I also highly recommend &quot;Being In Dreaming&quot; by Florinda Donner. Donner was another female apprentice but unlike Abelar who is a Stalker, Donner is a Dreamer so the tone of the book is a bit different. I consider both of these to be advanced texts on shamanism. The Path (Esmeralda Arana) is a concise easy to read text conveying basic shamanic principles.
Francesca Lia Block's first and most endearing novel is a triumphant mix of poetry, magical realism, contemporary issues, classical fairy tale elements, colorful places and rich, zany characters.  Weetzie Bat is a young woman looking for true love in 1980s LA.  With her gay best friend Dirk, his cool car Jerry and Slinkster Dog, they set about finding their soul mates with the help of Dirk's Grandma Fifi's magic genie in a lamp (who's ready to hit the road after Weetzie innocently makes her three wishes.)  They find their true loves, but they'll have to overcome many obstacles before they reach their happily ever after.Block creates an LA that is instantly a magical and terrifying place, from the lush canyons to the all night rave scenes.  Her writing is so gorgeous and poetic that you can feel, smell, touch, even taste the places the characters visit, from Sunday morning at Duke's to Grandma Fifi's old fashioned fantasy movie style house nestled in the canyon.  As an LA native, I can safely report that Block brings the city to life in a way that I didn't think was possible.  Her brilliant description of Shangri-L.A, her crazy, inventive dialogue and characters, and her daring yet tastefully rendered look at what some would consider 'unsavory' topics (homosexuality, children out of wedlock, AIDS) all come together to give the reader a whole new experience and a seamless intermingling of pain and pleasure.  There is no other book quite like this one.
great story, I'm reading the next one in the series, Love the characters, the plot and the love story. very informative of Scottland in the past. Love historical novels
This is sumptuous and beautiful writing.  Years ago, I took 4 years of math in college, and had forgotten how lovely and surprising these ideas can be, especially when elegantly explained.  Would that I had had a professor then, who could have walked through this history so well.With regard to the theorems themselves, how is it possible that our scientific ancestors were so clever and insightful?  How can we explain the genius of men like Euclid, Newton, and Euler?This book dazzled me, and I predict the same effect for any readers with even a smattering of math education and a taste for  scientific wonderments.
"Parcel" is one of the best biographies I have ever read-a wonderful, readable tale about a life well lived.  The engaging Michael Crawford relates his life with an honest voice.  He doesn't spare the reader some of his mistakes, but you want to weep along with him as he mourns his mother, the break up of his marriage and the ups and downs of his career.  I only wish he'd write a sequel, as after "Phantom" he embarked on a whole new set of triumphs and tribulations-at least I'd love more details of his appearances on "The Tonight Show", the Bob Hope special and his magical show in Orange County for PBS.  Hopefully we will see more of the adventures of Michael for many years to come!
I loved this book.  It is very light, witty and takes no effort or great concentration. I read it on vacation and think it was perfect for that. It would also be a perfect light reading evening after a stressful day so I will look for more Wodehouse!  By the way I read it from a Kindle edition which was easily obtained and much less expensive!
This is not a particularly well written book.  However,  the content is fascinating.  What I was most struck by concerned Bill Clinton's recounting of his early childhood.  As we all know he was surrounded by arguably dysfunctional but colorful characters, many of whom did not have much to give him.  However, here is a guy who received much of what he needed because of his own amazing capacity to pull it out of them.  The metaphor of sucking marrow out of a chicken bone came to mind.  This is a richly textured story of his childhood and it is obvious he carries around clear and positive memories.  This capacity to pull what he needed out of the people around him enabled him to transcend the limitations of his early life in all kinds of ways.  (Of course this same talent was less adaptive later on in life and led to some of his problems.)Those who engage in nothing but vituperation toward the author would do well to understand his amazing capacity to play a poor hand well.Also, his claim concerning l'affaire Lewinsky; that he "did it because [he] could," is, in my view, an authentic and theologically sound declaration.  This is, of course, what causes any of us to sin.
Young journalist Jack Walser interviews the circus aerialist Sophie Fevvers, purported to be half woman-half swan, and is enchanted (almost literally) by her larger-than-life personality, her huge blue eyes and long golden hair, and her story. As she tells him of being found in a basket surrounded by the shells of the egg from which she was hatched, of being reared with kindness and love by whores, of being featured as the Angel of Death (complete with wings) in a female freak show/bordello, time stands still for Jack (literally). He convinces his boss to allow him to investigate further by joining the circus as it travels to Russia and crosses Siberia to get to Japan.In his new undercover role as a clown, Jack enters the magic world of the circus, where a pig can point to letters to spell out business advice to the owner, where monkeys negotiate their own contracts, and where his Sophie "flies" with multi-colored wings as part of her trapeze act.Then the circus train is blown up by outlaws somewhere in the middle of Siberia, and Jack loses his memory and is separated from Sophie and the others. Found by a native shaman, Jack is covered in eggshells from the train's kitchen and is "hatched" to become a shaman-in-training.And he and Sophie meet again.Nights at the Circus could be considered a book of magic realism, but it much more magical than realistic. It is more like a surrealistic dream, where anything can happen. What is real and what is an illusion? As a fakir in Kathmandu says to Jack, "...is not this whole world an illusion? And yet it fools everybody."Many people abhor stories that are not "true-to-life"--which, as they see it, could never happen. They don't want to read about magic and intelligent animals and other fairy-tale-like happenings. These people will hate this book.Others, like me, appreciate stories that explore the boundaries of what is real and what is illusion, enjoy a dream-like narrative where all things are possible. These people will love this book.The writing is extraordinarily good and original, sustaining a dream-like quality throughout.The novel is also somewhat of a feminist allegory,taking place at the dawn of the 20th century. One character says to Sophie, "Oh, my little one, I think you must be the pure child of the century that just now is waiting in the wings, the New Age in which no women will be bound down to the ground."
I see other reviews here going bananas over issues I didn't spot. I read the book, went out to the middle of nowhere in the woods, and didn't get lost. The book was easy to read, author had fun tid bits, and in general it helped all over. I'm happy I bought it.I might mark it lower later, but for now it is a great beginner book.Edit: I have now read 3 full books on navigation, and chapters from a few "all around" books for wilderness survival. This one is the best. Does a passable job of GPS, Magnetic Fields around the earth, travel without map or compass, things that make a compass fail. This book does an exceptional job at teaching map and compass. Simply put, this book is the best.I encourage the authors to come out with a new addition, add 20 pages or so expanding on longitude/latitude, magnetic fields, travel without map and compass. This is such a great intro, the best so far. The only real con is the it doesn't have a lot of fun exercises like "Be expert with map and compass". Other than that small con, the rest is amazing. Again I encourage the authors to put out a third addition, they have a following and this really can be a one stop shop for everyone.
John Steinbeck's EAST OF EDEN was not well received by critics when it debuted in the 1950s, and although passing years have seen several re-evaluations it is still reguarded as secondary to the likes of GRAPES OF WRATH and OF MICE AND MEN.  It is true that the novel is flawed: it is a great big rambling thing crammed with obvious allegory, metaphor, and allusion, loosely structured to say the least.  And yet, in a odd sort of way, the very rambling, the looseness, the obviousness of the work gives it a tremendous grandeur that Steinbeck's more tightly structured work lacks.  The novel is as broad and vulgar and lively and provocative as the America it describes--and it is my favorite of Steinbeck's fiction.Any one who comes to the novel from the famous film adaptation starring James Dean will be surprized, for the roots of the novel run much deeper than the film, which is based only on perhaps a third of the novel.  This is not so much the story of brothers Aaron and Caleb Trask as it is the story of their parents, Adam Trask and Catherine Ames.  And in "Cathy" Ames, Steinbeck creates one of the darkest characters in all of 20th Century American Literature, a creature devoid of virtually anything recognizable as human emotion.  Fleeing from a past that includes murder, perversion, blackmail, and prostitution, Cathy assumes an angelic demeanor and lures the emotionally needy Adam Trask into love and marriage.  And when she no longer requires his protection... she destroys him.It is the stuff of classic melodrama, but in Steinbeck's hands it becomes more than melodrama; it becomes a novel that alternately reads at leisurely pace and then suddenly reads with the speed of a whirlwind, a tale that forces us to consider the nature of good and evil and the legacies we may leave for later generations.  For Adam and Cathy have two sons, and in the wake of their tragedy they will be left to fight out issues of moral choices, right and wrong, and love and hate in the sun-drenched Salinas Valley of California, the "golden west" of the "new world" as it rushes headlong into the modern age.  It is a novel epic in history, geography, and morality.Some will find the novel's constant reference to the story of Cain and Able more than a little obvious; others will find it too meandering, filled with too many side-issues and minor subplots.  Still others may be put off by the very slow way in which the novel gathers itself during its first hundred or so pages.  But once the pieces are in place, Steinbeck suddenly pulls the threads together to create one of the most remarkable tapestries in American letters--a tapestry that has no clearcut boundaries and that, for all its simplistic tone, offers little in the way of simplistic answers to the issues it raises.  Flawed, yes, but a great novel by a master of the form, so great that its flaws become intrinsic to its virtues.  Strongly recommended.
Joseph Cambell comes to bear with an impressive historical knowlege. Well worth reading. I have always loved Cambells work. Unlike so many Americans he is NOT shallow. Dig Deep and you will find many treasures here.
I have read all of the books and all them are good but this one is one of the best in the series..
I love the understated yet inexorable movement of his books. An easy read that never disappoints! Really enjoyable! Read it for yourself!
As a working professional in the business development side of the media, entertainment and technology industries, connections and contacts are an important business tool if not the most important. "Smart Networking" is an invaluable way to understand and navigate this exciting, constantly changing enviornment. While I am considered an early adopter to online networking, nothing beats a face-to-face connection. "Smart Networking" explains beautifully how to blend the two to turbocharge your networking results. Everyone from novice networkers to expert connectors can learn something valuable in this fascinating, well researched book.
Goethe and Marx, these are cardinal figures in the history of modernity. Goethe, the spiritual father of its grand visions and inexhaustible hope. Marx, the outsider, the witness to the  sorcery of its soul and that of its  organizing principle, Capital. His charge-- it is an artifice of  progressively concentrating energy that will not be bound by any  responsibility or shared purpose. The practical result is a constant  breakdown of community and institutions as they are offered to the flame of  re-invention. This is the core of the book's message. Nothing is permanent  in the modernist domain. Art, city, ideals, country-- all are subsumed into  new solids that immediately fracture and evaporate under pressure of  another oncoming order, crashing in with waves of reorganization. The  technologies of its own genius are its tools. The post-structural epoch is  merely another phase of modernism's relentless push to incinerate the old  and recreate society in its own frenzied image. Iconoclasm becomes the  coordinating edict. The erasure of all cultural memory is implicit; moral  purpose is desanctified; Capital's own ethos is elevated to the realm of  faith.Berman moves from the literary and intellectual movements of  France and Russia into the streets. The building of St. Petersburg, with  its imposed occidental face on Russia's traditionally oriental  sensibilities, the boulevards of Paris's reconstruction of the 1870's, and  the highways of the irrepressible Robert Moses-- the urban landscape has  chronicled modernism's advance. The breadth of this thesis in choosing such  disparate symbols to exemplify the progression is impressive, as is  Berman's ability to synthesize them. When the book was written twenty years  ago Communism had not yet collapsed, but its moral failure was evident, its  material demise imminent. Berman's more romantic notions of a merging of  modernism and Marxism, harnessing the creative impulse to popularly  reasoned objectives, might have passed from any realistic possibility. His  relationship with both is clearly one of fascination and alienation. All  that seems to have gone down in flames, in annihilating contradictions,  and, in the infinite actualization of modernism's belief in itself. It will  tolerate no governance. A persistent anti- modernist insurgency, fragmented  and cleaved onto disparate political structures, provides a cowed  conscience at best. But with its illimitable dominion seemingly secure,  Berman's proposal is thought provoking indeed-- that all of Marx's  characterizations of its nature are true, and that no sustainable  alternative has yet been conceived.
Gitomer is an entertaining and educating presenter in this 4 CD set showing the 32.5 principles to ring the register of personal and business success.  The information is derived from the principles of James Patterson, the founder of NCR.  NCR was an early employer of Thomas Watson, the founder of IBM, and several other organizations.  Patterson espoused a service and attitude based sales process that proved to be timeless and successful for over 100 years.As audiobooks go, this one is particularly well read and keeps the listener's attention.  I thoroughly enjoyed it - and learned a fair bit - even if, as noted by a few other reviewers, it's not an &#34;instant classic&#34;.It IS worth picking up...
A young man, struggling through college with a job and classes and the upcoming bar, finds out his future job is gone.  He's in debt because his girlfriend dumped him right after buying her expensive jewelry, while facing the one of the worst Lawyer job markets around, and he just got evicted.  This no luck kid finds the case of a lifetime.Grisham expertly weaves a story about this young lawyer during a crucial time of his life.  Through chance, he joins up with a sleazy law firm, finds and rescues a helpless girl, and takes on a large corporation.  It's a touching story that really makes you root for the main character.  The book is easy and fun read, and like any Grisham novel, the pages fly by.The book is not perfect however.  The ending is predictable and corny, and the hard luck story gets old after a while.I suggest this book to anyone that wants a good read.  I would not recommend the movie though, as it doesn't capture any of the essence.
Travels with Charley is one of Steinbeck's better books, though several of the incidents he "reports"(?) bear a suspicious resemblance to episodes from some of his novels.  Personally, the parts I enjoyed the most were those about his eponymous traveling companion Charley, an elderly French poodle, and I wish there had been more of them.  I'm not sure that Steinbeck managed to learn or convey much that was very meaningful about America, but his description of his sojourn through New Orleans near the end to witness the protests against desegregation as six-year-old Ruby Bridges became the first black child to attend a white grade school (immortalized in Norman Rockwell's painting "The Problem We All Live With") is quite interesting, even moving.  On the whole, despite some problems (including its dubious veracity in places), definitely worth a read.  Three and a half stars.
The gods seem to have been making a comeback recently, at least in the world of fiction. Several notable books leap to mind: Neil Gaiman's American God's and Christopher Moore's Coyote Blue and Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal. All of those are humorous, but not sacrilegious, and they all cleverly speak to an interesting aspect of this post-modern world--the desire to locate some sort of spiritual grounding within our shifting milieu.God's Behaving Badly jumps into this same world. The Greek gods are in a bad state. They've been expelled from their Olympian mansion and now live a decrepit existence in London, immortal but performing menial and drab labor to keep going. One day, Artemis hires a mortal to help clean up their lives, and it's the mortals who ended up needing to be the heroes.God's Behaving Badly is good. It's light fun, often clever, if ribald (which could be a good thing, depending on the reader). I wish, though, that God's Behaving Badly had possessed the weight of those other (and much better) books, especially considering the skills of the author and the potential of this topic. But it's fun, and funny. That's not so bad a thing.
We loved the 1963 movie that was based on the book!! Soooo creepy. The book was awesome.I am reading it a second time then have it promised to 2 more people.It was in great condition. Like new. Great seller. Shipped quickly.
Did you know that investing is completely different from the business of investing? You can be the smartest person in the world, but unless you understand how Wall Street works, you are out of luck. This book teaches readers the business of investing. The author says that brokerage firms focus first and foremost on themselves. Next, they care about institutional clients such as mutual funds and hedge funds. Individual investors are not that important to them.Wall Street analysts, who work for the brokerage firms, analyze and write reports about specific companies. These reports are first sold to institutional clients, and later, to individual investors. Some might think that analysts are great at picking stocks since they know so much about particular companies. But picking stocks is not what they get paid for. They are paid to follow a certain number of stocks regardless of whether they are good companies or not. Out of the companies that they follow, they must recommend something, even if there are better companies outside of the analysts' sectors.If you do not understand certain conflicts of interest that different players on Wall Street have toward their clients and the general public, you must read this book. You will never view Wall Street the same way again.- Mariusz Skonieczny, author of Why Are We So Clueless about the Stock Market? Learn how to invest your money, how to pick stocks, and how to make money in the stock market
I find myself using this book often to find that right word. Of course thesaurus.com works well too but with using Words That Sell, I stay more focused and can quickly jump into the book and jump back to my work quickly.
I read this book about ten years ago. Not too long after I watched the movie for the first time. This is one of those stereotypical books that are so much more enjoyable than the movie. Don't get me wrong the movie was good but this book is a bit more real in the sense that the dinosaurs are portrayed more brutally and in a book you just have time for more character development and situations.All in all this is one of my favorite books and was the first Michael Crichton book I ever read!
Michael Crichton has done it again.  I have to admit that going into this book I was suspicious that Michael Crichton was not going to be able to pull this one off.  He is famed for his technical mumbo-jumbo plots that some how seem to make it atop the bestseller list.  He is able to mix enough technical details in the book but lets the common reader be able to understand what he is talking about.  Disclosure is not a typical book for Michael Crichton.  He takes a hot topic in the workplace and turns it around to make it very interesting.  If this book was about a woman claiming sexual harrassment then it would be a dud.  It's too common.  The main character is a person that you would want to hang around with in real life.  But on the other hand, the villian is somebody that you love to hate.  Crichton does a good job developing the characters and the plot.  He is able to keep you interested until he unveils the major starting point of the conflict.  Some of the things that are talked about in the book are out of date but you can get past that.  The ending is fascinating.  Dislosure is a roller coaster ride that will keep you reading at a break neck speed. 5 stars
This book's main focus is on mobile communication 3G up to LTE (4G) and in particular radio access network (RAN). This is written by experts in this field (Ericsson) who are personally involved in the telecommunications design.This book starts with a good overview of the telecommunications technology changes starting from GSM, leading to evolution of 4G / LTE. Basics such as spectrum allocation,  link adaptation, radio interface architecture, access procedure relating to LTE cell search down to PHY level such as multi antenna techniques are covered. Where necessary, simple mathematical representations or computations, such as bandwidth utilization, channel capacity are shown. It briefly provides a simple overview of the core network (CN) component of system architecture evolution (SAE).With an engineering background on 802.11, the mathematical coverage on OFDM and single carrier transmission appeals to me.And for topics such as the access procedure for LTE cell search, it first lists the sequences, which is (1) Acquisition of frequency and symbols synchronization to cell,(2)Acquisition of frame timing of cell, which is determining the start of the downlink frame (3) Determination of physical layer CELL ID of cell. From here, it further delves into the specifics, providing tons of technical background and information. This is the approach used throughout the book, starting with general background information and ending with more technical details.At times, I find the information too overwhelming for someone not involved in mobile communications design. However, this book remains a good resource both for novices and experts.  I do highly recommend this book.
Thirteen-year-old Kimball O'Hara Jr., known as Kim, is the son of an Irish sergeant in the British army stationed in India.  Kim's mother, also Irish, died after he was born, and his father died about the time Kim was three, presumably from the effects of alcoholism and opium use.  O'Hara left the boy in the care of a half-caste Indian woman of questionable reputation, and so Kim grew up in the streets of Lahore, then part of British India, now in Pakistan.  The woman told Kim the words of his father, that he was to look for a Red Bull on a green field and everything would be all right.  Sometimes Kim runs errands for his friend Mahbub Ali, a Muslim Afghan horse trader, to Col. Creighton, which are in actuality bits of information for British Intelligence.One day while Kim is playing on Zam-Zammah, a huge cannon outside the Lahore Museum which the natives call the Wonder House, he assists an elderly Buddhist monk who is coming to the museum for information about the location of a special holy river to gain enlightenment.  The lama takes Kim as his chela or disciple, and Kim, with his desire for adventure, decides to go with the monk in search of the river.  While on their journey, they come across a British army regiment whose flag is a Red Bull on a green field.  The two chaplains of the regiment, Mr. Bennett and Father Victor, send Kim to school at St. Xavier's in Lucknow, and to gain merit for good deeds the lama, actually a wealthy abbot, pays for his education.  Creighton, a British intelligent agent posing as an ethnician, realizes that Kim, with his ability to blend with the culture, will make an excellent spy, so with the help of Mr. Lurgan, an India-born English trader and the semi-anglicized Hurree Chunder Mookerjee, a Hindu Bengali Babu, Kim learns the "Great Game" of espionage.  Now sixteen, following his three years of schooling, he rejoins the lama so that he can help Huree track down a Frenchman and a Russian who are spying in India.  In the process Kim is injured and becomes very ill.  Will he survive?While Kim, set in the 1880s and 90s, is a book about a young boy growing up, it is not really a book for children.  There are references to opium use, smoking tobacco, and harlots, all quite accurate historically I'm sure, but not for small ears.  The language is not too bad, although the "h" and "d" words appear once or twice, Hurree has the frequent bad habit of using an abbreviated form of the "d" word, the name of God is found as an interjection a few times, and the term "ba*t*rd" occurs once.  We did this as a family read aloud, and it required a fair amount of editing.  The plot is at times somewhat difficult to follow, primarily because of the descriptiveness and the heavy use of India place names and Hindustani words.  But when all that is waded through, there is actually an interesting story with a great deal of adventure and action to it.  Perhaps a "Junior Classics" version might be useful for younger children.  It gives a very down-to-earth picture of life in India during the late 1800s and would make a good fictional complement to accompany a study of that country's history.
I always wonder how Debbie Bliss can keep on creating such gorgeous designs -- but she does it again and again! This volume will be a much-used part of your knitting library. Tons of great patterns and clear instructions. The only problem is, which pattern to start with?
In this novel Jackson has created a textbook-perfect example of an unreliable narrator.At first, it's easy to trust Merricat's view of the world, she seems like a sympathetic victim of cruelty from the village. But it doesn't take long before we another Merricat, and it is this obsessive, amoral, stunted and narcissistic young woman that forms the backbone and brilliance of Jackson's creepy novel.  Yes, there are a few problems with the plot and some believability issues, but at the end of the day, this book is a brilliant character study and a wonderful read.
Out is one of my favorite thrillers and one which transcends the genre. I don't read Japanese , but I have read a great deal of Japanese literature from Murasaki to Murakami [ Hitomaru, Yosano Akiko, Akutagawa and Kawabata are favorites]. I don't know how this read in Japanese, but it flowed wonderfully well in English.I often think works of social realism/ naturalism have gone underground and reemerged as part of the mystery/ thriller genre, and Out is a brilliant example- in portraying the marginalization of Japanese women. Here four women converge working the night shift in a boxed lunch factory.  One woman is the abused wife of a womanizing gambler, one is in thrall to consumerism and in debt, another has sacrificed her entire life to the care of selfish family members and the heroine, who has failed to achieve the professional position her hard work and brilliance should have earned her had she not been living in a male dominated society, is utterly alienated from her milieu. All four women unite in committing and covering up a crime, which leads them either to their own destruction or their ultimate liberation.There is atmosphere, black humor, violence, gore and S&M; here, but, for the most part,  this is a beautifully realized and exciting portrayal of incipient individualism - and breaking free from societal dictates, a radical notion in Japan. In fact, I read that the book was received with disbelief in Japan. First, the fact that a woman had written it was thought outrageous, and second, that a woman [ character ] would murder her own husband was considered inconceivable.I now have to reorder the book because my own mother borrowed it, adored it and keeps 'forgetting' to return it! Highly recommended.
Bill Gates succinctly offers his vision for what's to come. He takes the opportunity to clearly point out where his dreams as a computer revolutionary meet and fall away from his goals running the most powerful technology company ever.The book is set up like a bunch of speeches. This is how Gates said he thought would be his most effective writing style, and it works to minimize unnecessary blather while focusing on key points. Obviously, Gates has a lot of inside information to analyze situations and products upcoming, and the mental skill to back up his predictions, theories, and assessments.Now that the book's been out quite awhile, it makes for a good read to reflect on some things and await what's to come. What sells me on the book is the undeniable level of intelligence coming from a man in charge of most aspects of our digital daily lives.
Having served as the person in our firm with the most paranoia about computer security, I have been constantly struck by how careless people can be in this area.  It's as though computer security can be assumed to be in place . . . rather than being something that needs to be encouraged, nurtured and observed.While I often read technical manuals on computer security to catch up with the latest, none of those manuals could hope to attract a full reading by anyone who has ever worked for me.I was delighted to find that the Second Edition of Computer Security:  20 Things Every Employee Should Know has everything in it that I hope all my employees will remember to do.The book is brief, it's accurate and it's easy to understand.If you follow Mr. Rothke's advice, most major problems will be avoided.The book opens by explaining about phishing and spyware by explaining what they are and why an employee should want to avoid them.  Here's the advice:1.  Don't reply or click on links asking for personal or financial information.2.  Don't download programs from companies you don't know.3.  Keep your computer secure with pop-up blockers, a fire wall, and anti-virus and anti-spyware software.I particularly liked the non-technical advice such as the one on avoiding identity theft.The book also has little case studies of what can go wrong.  One of my favorites was an employee who wanted to go home and let a new employee use his security access card so she could keep working.Where there is a technical element, Mr. Rothke keeps that simple.  For instance, protection by having a password that contains both numerals and letters is explained in terms of the new programs that can be used to check standard English words and names in a few minutes.There are also useful hints that are unrelated to being an employee such as being aware that your company may be tracking your usage.  Do you really want people to know all about your personal habits?  If not, don't pursue them at work or on a company device?For more complicated situations, Mr. Rothke explains when to go for help from the company's IT security team.  Many people don't realize they can make things worse by trying to fix problems themselves.Nice going, Mr. Rothke!
I read this book in AP English and honestly didn't expect to love it as much as I did. I ordered 3 copies of this, one for my, one for my boyfriend, and one for the English department. Definitely a must-read. Holden is one of my favorite characters.
This book shows Northern Ireland and a town through the eyes of one boy who also has to witness the failing marriage of his parents. where his town grows his family does not. Written in sketches with funny and emotional scenes I enjoyed this book.
This story needed to be told.  This is a wonderful story about loyalty and friendship.  This books succeeds both as a stand-alone piece of exceptional writing and as a clarion call to raise awareness about this horrific practice.
This is a very nice book.  However in my opinion it is not the best of Rudin's three well-known books on analysis (Principles, Real and Complex, and Functional).  The third, Functional Analysis, is a better representation of the subject, covering distribution theory alongside Fourier analysis, and containing applications of analysis to other areas of mathematics, such as number theory and PDE.The first chapter and the chapter on Hilbert spaces are favorites of mine.  It makes a good reference, but one should be sure to study other authors as well.  The organization of the book is innovative and for that it is stimulating.It's good, but frustrating at times, when one is drawn in by an elegantly stated theorem only to be inexplicably let down by a proof which does the job, but leaves out the motivating ideas. Rudin has a talent for making difficult things clear, but one should exercise caution, because he also has a talent for making simple things appear difficult.
This book is fairly easy to use with some French knowledge (vocabulary translated on the side) but the best part is listening to the readings in French with the text.  If repeated without the text, it becomes possible to really understand the audio version and learn to hear the French as pronounced by native speakers.  I wish an audio version of each reading had been included.  There are 26 audio components and probably over a 100 readings (I didn't count them)  A great buy!
Boarding the Orient Express to Istanbul are the Jewish merchant Myatt; a busybody Lesbian yellow-journalist named Mabel Warren; a mysterious doctor who calls himself Richard John, but who is actually the Serbian socialist agitator Czinner; Mrs Warren's soon to be ex-protege Janet Pardoe; and a penniless chorus girl named Coral Musker.It all sounds like an Agatha Christie novel -- but Greene had different fish to fry. Just when the story seems to take on a Dame Christie neatness, it all comes unravelled at the little border town of Subotica. Musker, who had found in Myatt a potential sugar daddy, tries to invite the Doctor to a celebration, but is whisked away as an accomplice to Czinner. Myatt at first searches for Coral, but is drawn to Janet Pardoe's greater classiness. And Mabel Warren, who had left the train at Vienna, suddenly shows up in Subotica to claim Coral Musker for her own.There are a few other characters, such as Josef Grunlich the Austrian thief; but my favorite is the purser at Ostend who cries out to Coral Musker, &quot;Remember me!&quot; even as he begins to forget her features.We are not dealing with a deep work like Greene's later, more serious efforts. Instead of a Shakespearean tragedy, we have on our hands instead a tragicomedy like ALL'S WELL THAT ENDS WELL or MEASURE FOR MEASURE. Dr Czinner is executed, and everybody else seems to change partners as if it were a game of Musical Chairs.Graham Greene says it all when he quotes George Santayana in STAMBOUL TRAIN's epigraph: &quot;Everything in nature is lyrical in its ideal essence; tragic in its fate and comic in its existence.&quot;
This books covers many subjects.  Great for those who are starting their practicum.  There are skill building techniques and problem resolution ideas.  I will be using this book as a reference now and in the future.
Bits of wisdom fly at us constantly from fortune cookies and the like. Perhaps because of this, you may only rarely stop to savor a great idea and make it your own. Author Jonathan Haidt provides a remedy to modern habits of superficial thinking with this accessible update on 10 great ancient philosophical themes, examined within a scientific framework of positive psychology. He demonstrates that the questions of the ages are still worth kicking around. We recommend this book to those who want to know why change is so difficult and happiness so elusive. It will give you plenty to think about and possibly change your life. At the least, it will point you in a positive direction.
I bought this for my mother in law and she loves it! She hasn't complained to me once about not being able to see the pages or not being able to find a word.
I think that I tried to read this novel once but didn't quite "get" it at the time. This audio version read by the immensely talented Hugh Laurie brings out the author's tongue-in-cheek humor wonderfully. If you enjoyed Laurie in the televised P. G. Wodehouse Jeeves & Wooster series, you'll love this.
I have already posted a review of the original version of "Emotional Vampires" that has helped at least one person in their purchasing decision. Now, with regard to the revised and expanded Second Edition, I also give it 5 stars and encourage anyone who finds themselves navigating the shark-infested waters of living with/working with/associating with a person afflicted with a personality disorder to order it right away and study it like a Talmudic scholar.Which version should you buy?  Buy the original version if you are just starting out in learning about personality disorders. The original version is written for the novice, and shows each personality type defined and described to perfection. Dr. Bernstein will give you tips at the end of each personality type for dealing with their tantrums, tirades, schemes, alternate states of reality, hypnosis, paranoid delusions, aloofness, passive-aggressive assaults, and eyebrow-raising verbal cues.However, if you already have some experience diagnosing personality disorders and want a more in-depth look, then I encourage you to get the Second Edition.  Here you will find a wealth of information on drama queens, bullies, control freaks, daredevils, used car salesmen (not the actual, but maybe also the actual), lovable rogues, gossip queens, the terminally depressed, narcissistic legends, tiger moms, puritans and perfectionists.Whew!  The list is long and tiring, but think about it, if you don't have this trusty book hidden underneath your mattress, how could you possibly navigate a world full of Emotional Vampires? And in the age of the Kardashians, Facebook, iphones, botox, Paris Hilton, and Narcissistic politicians in high office, there may be more of THEM than there are of US.
It is certainly worth reading a book from someone who can translate a simple coffee experience from a modest 100 stores to over 4,000 locations and concurrently bolster one of the most recognizable brands in the retail world. In fact, at a phenomenal rate of three stores opening every day, Starbucks has the ambitious goal of having over 30,000 global locations thanks to the initial out-of-the-box thinking of Arthur Rubinfeld. As the former EVP of Store Development for Starbucks, he is probably best known for his role in that company's rapid expansion. With his impressive track record, Rubinfeld, who co-wrote the book with Collins Hemingway, manages to weave together broad general principles of retailing with valuable practical advice.The authors separate the book into four major parts, covering conceptualization and design, strategic planning and execution, the selection of location and innovation. Pervasive throughout this primer is the value Rubinfeld rightfully places on branding, and it is this level of insight which drives the book forward with compelling credibility, as his subsequent career as a brand development consultant for Adidas and Washington Mutual can attest. From this unique perspective, it's fascinating to follow the thought process from store design to location to customer service as a unique differentiator. Every step of the way, Rubinfeld illustrates the paradigm for the value of combining imaginative planning with hard-nosed execution.Rubinfeld's past careers as both architect and construction manager feed into his concept of using the "design touchstones" of earth, fire, water and air in each store, as they are meant to represent the sequential development of the coffee bean - growth, roasting, brewing and aroma. In fact, the design concepts led by Rubinfeld's vision worked in a way that competitors found it impossible to emulate any individual element through their store designs, much less the cohesive vision Rubinfeld displayed. We learn more granular detail such as the 80/20 rule used at each location, where 80 per cent of every new store could be fitted with a selection of mass-produced standard components with local designers then given the freedom to customize the remaining 20 per cent to meet the conceptual requirement of individuality and sensitivity to environmental factors.In turn, the stores were being directed to areas selected by both economic and educational demographics for maximum impact. This brings up the most enlightening aspect of the book, real estate, which has arguably been as much a success criteria for Starbucks as the coffee experience itself has been within the store. In telling detail, Rubinfeld explains how the proximity of dry cleaners and video stores has been a decisive success factor for Starbucks in attracting the "going-to-work" traffic generated from people dropping off clothes at the dry cleaners on their way to work and the "coming-from-work" traffic picking up movies from Blockbuster. He understandably advocates always locating a store near other tenants who attract a more affluent customer base than one would associate with the store itself. Consequently, Starbucks avoids locating stores in close proximity to fast food chains because these restaurants generally draw a less affluent customer.These are great nuggets of insight for any small business owner or even a larger retail chain in need of economic rejuvenation. It's arguable that the Starbucks formula can be effectively duplicated in other commerce arenas, but regardless, Rubinfeld and Hemingway have come up with a very hands-on manual for the would-be entrepreneurial retail brand builder that I would consider invaluable. Even if you are reading this tome from the perspective of a Starbucks consumer, it makes for an intriguing read on how you are being drawn to their stores in the most methodically effective manner.
This book has been beneficial to some of my weaker spellers in 5th grade. It helps students develop patterns in their spelling.
I am novice writer who was in dire need of some stimulating direction.I have idea's galore and inspiration a'plenty, but moulding all my little dribs and drabs together was proving to be a larger task than I thought.If you are looking for a book to assist you with your writing, WHAT IF? will definitely help.It prop's you up when you are drooping, keeps you motivated and active - in regard to both : thinking and writing, helps you relect on your past works and gives you the chance to re-invent them in various exercises.It's a good purchase and a worthwhile read.Certainly helped me along.
It was a truly memorable read.  Douglas Kennedy tends to build up his stories to the degree that it is very disappointingWhen The book is ended.  Such an interesting plot.
I am really enjoying reading this novel. I haven't read any of Murakami's other novels, but this one is hard to put down. Murakami's writing, while not sophisticated or erudite, is forboding and always keeps you below the surface, wondering how the adventures of Kafka and Nakata will end up. While the plot twists are sometimes farcical, for example Johnnie Walker the cat-killer asking for death, Murakami is able to weave a tapestry of suspense and redemption that keeps the novel going and keeps it believable. Through Kafka, he creates a reality not unlike the metamorphosis, in which the whole world tilts on its side and nothing seems real anymore. The only negative aspect I've found is making Kafka and Oshima talk like university professors. They seem to be too young to engage in such intellectual dialogue. But it's a great read anyway.
On the outside, this book is mainly concerned with the economic consequences that the WWI Reparation Committee will have on the future of Europe. Accordingly, it does an excellent job of predicting beforehand many of the repercussions that the Allies harsh peace terms produced. However, it simultaneously gives the reader a glimpse into the mind of one of the most brilliant economists of the 20th century (though Keynes' actual influence extended far beyond economics). This is the face of history.
What I like about this book is the way it's laid out for easy reading.  The pictures are great memory refreshers of movies one may have seen and did not fully understand their rational and purpose.  As a poet, I like the way it's linked with poetry and creative writing in many ways.  One may also find several references to poetic style filtered through the book.  The reading goes into details regarding the classification and various styles of films in the areas of realism, classicism and formalism.  The principle regarding Mise en Scene was very interesting, especially the movies.  The editing of shots from different angles make it clear as to why some films are disjointed and do not flow smoothly.  Understanding how sound effects really bring movies to life over stage plays is an interesting process.  The various styles of writing, storylines, ideology and drama are really strong areas in the text.  This is an excellent book regarding the understanding of movies and their existing relationships to stage plays, musicals, and poetry. Other interesting books to read are:  "Trilogy Moments for the Mind, Body and Soul" with the new Epulaeryu poetic form; "Everyday Miracles" by Margaret Okudo; "The Language of Poetry Forms" by Tree Good; and, "My Walk with Jesus" by Christina Jussaume.
Peter Lynch is my favorite market gurus to study and he makes the whole thing far more of a common sense idea than I thought would be possible.  I love his own stories about what he decided to invest in, like when he followed his teenage daughters around the mall to see where they liked to shop. Then, he researched their favorites.He makes it clear that not only can you choose good stocks too (just the way he did) but you will probably recognize everything he has considered investing in because these companies/products eventually became very big.  For example: leggs, when they were first sold in supermarkets and diet coke when it first arrived on the scene and took the place of coffee in the morning for many people. His record stands for itself.  Even people who have never been in the stock market still know about his mutual fund which is still considered to be one of the most successful mutual funds in history.
The previous reviewer says that this is just a reprint.  That isn't quite true.  The last couple of years, Elizabeth Lowell has been rewriting some of her older romances.  They tend to be about 50 percent longer than the originals, and IMHO she is doing a good job of improving them.  Yes, it is the same story as her old Fires of Eden, but it is considerably longer, with added scenes, more explanation, characters fleshed out better, and a few things deleted.  I read and reread Fires of Eden until my copy vanished during a move.  I was more than happy to find this story in hardback.  I'll be rereading it again.
This was easily my favorite book of the year.  I enjoyed looking at Southern California from the perspective of an immigrant from Mexico. The writing was flawless, your interest is maintained.
Ever since the publication of J.R.R. Tolkien's "The Hobbit," people have imagined wizards as tall, elderly men with long gray beards, loose robes and pointed hats. Diana Wynne-Jones shatters the cliched image with Chrestomanci, a dapper Englishman who happens to be the nine-lived magician in charge of all the magic -- in all the parallel worlds."Charmed Life" is the story of Cat and Gwendolen, siblings who are orphaned in a tragic steamboat accident. While Cat is shy, Gwendolen is the opposite: She is an unnaturally powerful witch, and intends to rise high enough to rule the world. She thinks that she's got it made when Chrestomanci brings her and her brother to his castle. But Gwendolen has met her match in Chrestomanci -- and a magical war of wills has begun!"The Lives of Christopher Chant" is the backstory of Chrestomanci. Once he was an ordinary boy, whose ambition was to become a cricket player. But when he is tested by a powerful magician, Christopher Chant is found to be Chrestomanci: An amazingly powerful magician with not one, but NINE lives. The problem is, Christopher doesn't want to be Chrestomanci -- and he's already enmeshed in a wizards' smuggling ring that may spell doom for his new friends...Diana Wynne-Jones is at her best here: the books are funny, dramatic, well-characterized, well-written and well-plotted. The parallel worlds are well-thought out, such as Chrestomanci's world, where magic exists rather than science as we know it. As in many of her books, she shows unusual insights into the thought processes of both young and adolescent children. While readers may sometimes want to smack the lead characters, it's hard not to like the heroes and despise the villains.After reading this two-pack, readers should immediately read the next two books in the series, as well as the new short-story collection. Chrestomanci is too good to be missed.
Intense history of part of the tragedy of the concentration camps, and the search for Mengele after the war ends.
In this story there is a vivid contrast between Mullet and Frost. Divisional Commander Norman Mullet, nicknamed Horn-rimmed Harry, is described as a social climber concerned with appearances and ambition. On the other hand Detective Inspector Jack Frost is described as a scruffy man, wearing a dirty mac and maroon scarf trailing untidily from his neck. Apart from smoking cigarettes and appreciating attractive women, he doesn't care.As a result, whenever they meet, confrontations always occur. Their fights are humorous highlights of this story. Frost often loses the fight and tries to escape from the scene, but sometimes he gets back at Mullet to some extent.Although Lieutenant Columbo(performed by Peter Falk) and Frost look similar, actually they are very different. Columbo is much smarter than Frost. He plays a clever trick to expose the criminal. Frost depends on his feelings and hunches. Columbo is very polite. Frost is very rude, saying dirty words and jokes. But he is very warm to weaker people, and so I love his story very much.
Tortilla Flats suggests that buried under every rock, concealed within every bush, throughout the Monterey peninsula of California, lie secreted bottles of wine, and that every tree shades a Paisano ready for a swallow of said wine.The following are the besotted knights in this tale of comic chivalry: Danny, The Portagee, Pirate and his dogs, Pilon, Jesus Maria and Pablo. You'll come to know and love each one.The Paisanos live in an economy where wine is the currency. Every action, from antics to amour, is done for a "little swallow of wine." This economy is threatened when Danny inherits two houses from his grandfather. Now he has risen in society. He sleeps with the woman next door, a fellow landowner, a triumph unthinkable prior to his fortuitous (?) inheritance.Danny chooses to live in one home and rent out the other to his friends. Now, they live comfortably, sleep warm. Predictably, into this Eden the snake shall come. Steinbeck describes the inevitable "Fall" with enough comedy so you'll laugh, but not forget to weep when misfortune strikes.
Second only to The Firm, and far ahead of Grisham's last few is The Rainmaker; in it, the author presents us with a character to root for: down-on-his-luck Rudy Baylor.  This is one thing that Grisham once did so well.  He also tells an intriguing story, and along the way Rudy becomes our friend, and we become his confidants.  I have little criticism except that Rudy seems to be presented with fewer obstacles in the court trial than one would expect.  And--in spite of what the back cover says--I don't think his life is ever in danger.The Rainmaker typifies the early John Grisham: good story-telling, likeable characters, adequate characterization, no gratuitous sex or violence, and a minimum amount of profanity.  Can anyone honestly question why he became so popular?
You'll need to put some things aside when reading this book.Put aside the movie. I've not seen it but I've received multiple confirmations that it sucked.Put aside the cover (and it's implications). A young girl in knee high socks and Mary Janes standing next to a pile of men's clothes. The implication being: there's a naked dude running around this little girl. Oh, in the novel there is.Put aside trying to figure out the intricacies of time travel. Don't discuss it like Star Trek fans trying to figure out and argue with J.J. Abrams resetting of the Star Trek universe. Just enjoy the story.The Time Traveler's Wife is a romance novel of the `everyone-has-a-soul-mate' variety. Yet the writing his heightened (another word for so, so much better) than your average romance or genre fiction (and most literary fiction) with a time travel twist."Long ago, men went to sea, and women waited for them, standing on the edge of the water, scanning the horizon for the tiny ship. Now I wait for Henry. He vanishes unwillingly, without warning. I wait for him. Each moment that I wait feels like a year, an eternity. Each moment is as slow and transparent as glass. Through each moment I can see infinite moments lined up, waiting. Why has he gone where I cannot follow?"- from The Time Traveler's WifeIt is not a plot driven tale. The question of "Will they get together in the end" is replaced with "Can they get together?" which is a nice and unique trick. In the can they get together romances, lovers are separated by space. Here, it's time.It's Kurt Vonnegut but with an extra four hundred pages and all the sophomoric political crap removed (not my observation) and replaced by the human element.There's plenty of meditations on time and absence. Flashbacks are actual flashbacks allowing characters to offer commentary on the past in their present voice without the gauze of memory.The writing is executed almost flawlessly. I'm a short book guy. I almost always think the middle third of any novel can be excised whole. But the high quality of writing in this novel and the development of character kept my attention. It's often said comedy is hard to write. It is. But romance that is romantic and heartfelt but not so syrupy that it gives its readers diabetes is so much harder to write. It's also much closer to what humans want and need. It provides insight into situations that are so common to us all. No one reflects back after a lifetime of reading and says, "Hey that post-apocalyptic dystopian zombie novel really helped me understand humanity more." But then again, maybe I've just not read the right post-apocalyptic dystopian zombie novelI had two large qualms about the novel. The characters, while intensely developed, were what I thought of as stock characters. Our time traveler is the son of a talented opera singer who died tragically. His father is a tortured violinist. Our literal `lady-in-waiting' is the wealthy trust fund daughter of a poet mom doing a bad Sylvia Plath impersonation and a lawyer dad who pays for it all. Their best friends are a lawyer representing abused children and a put upon stay-at-home mom. (The real miracle isn't time travel but how those two have a home in a fashionable part of Chicago and send their kids to private school on that income.) They're urbane, urban, quote long dead authors and poets. They're sophisticated and progressive. No one really works for a living. Not really. I just think it'd be much more accessible if there were some blue collars around and not a bunch of poseurs fighting for the common man yet not really having to interact with him beyond allowing them to drive their cab.There's even a bit where they play a version of monopoly by their own socialist rules and end it with a card that says "Great Leap Forward" and they all laugh. Who jokes about the Great Leap Forward? Who jokes about the communist (whose patois these folks imitate throughout the novel) killing millions of people? That leads me to my next qualm.I found very few of the characters likeable. It's hard enough to like someone joking about the Great Leap Forward (or the Holocaust or the Killing Fields) They continually exhibit of selfishness or allow themselves to be victimized...just like all humans. However, the selfishness and victimization is really amped up here. I believe this element held back many in my book club from enjoying the book. However, I don't believe in holding the all-to-human actions of the characters against the novel.It's a wonderfully well-written romance that doesn't use time travel as a gimmick but as an obstacle to love and a tool to comment on that love but I don't think you'd want these folks in your real life too much. In your reading life? They're AOK.
I am still busy reading it, but so far I like it very much.  Jo Nesbo is my favourite writer at the moment.
Recently I wrote a review on a technical analysis book whose table of contents and subject index I examined before deciding not to purchase it. I was already far beyond the need for a list of buy/sell indicators which were probably unproven and which were certainly not optimized in a robust fashion over a wide range of stocks and market periods.The reason I was 'far beyond' is that I had already read Curtis Faith's 'Way of the Turtle' several years ago. His book is a must for any really serious trader who wants to make his monies consistently appreciate over time. Faith's excellent book assisted me with my goal to develop an optimization approach for any indicator - a 'robust' approach - meaning that the superb trading results obtained from using the optimized indicator were consistently positive (irrespective of the stock invested in, and irrespective of the market conditions). This sounds like a trader's dream, but it really works.At this point, I use the approach only for my own trading, and have little desire to sell subscription services to would-be traders. I suspect that many so-called 'entrepreneurs' who sell subscription services to traders prefer to take traders' cash, rather than invest in the markets themselves. It's much easier to sell suggestions to others, rather than risking one's own cash (especially if the suggestions are not backed up by a sound, well-tested system).Back to Curtis Faith's book: it's full of gems! The gems include "how to determine whether or not you have an 'edge' before participating in a trade" and "how to calculate that edge." There are many other gems. To top it off, the book is also entertaining. Last but not least, this book is one of the few which alert traders to the many hazards involved when trading in the marketplace. Curtis Faith's message: "You must have an edge before you trade." I agree with him."Way of the Turtle" is a must-read - already many traders think so, for the sale of Faith's books is quite crisp. There is also a later edition out, which I'm considering purchasing, as well. Thank you, Curtis Faith!James Kowalick
My 3.5 year old son adores this book and I do too.  We read it nearly every night.  Harold is an imaginative little boy who draws a world of his own.  My son is always talking right along with the book about all the wonderful things he is going to draw.  I think every child should have this book.  I can't wait 'till my son can read it for himself!
TOO MANY WOMEN ARE CO DEPENDENT. THIS WILL CERTAINLY HELP YOU GET YOUR HEAD ON STRAIGHT AND GET YOUR LIFE TOGETHER.
Michael Roberto cites this especially relevant observation by G.K. Chesterton as a head note to the first chapter of this immensely informative book in which he stresses the importance of mastering seven sets of skills and capabilities that are essential to effective problem-finding. Roberto makes the same key point (among several) in his previously published book, asserting that the most effective leaders are those who "cultivate constructive conflict so as to enhance the level of critical and divergent thinking, while simultaneously building consensus so as to facilitate the timely and efficient implementation of the choices that they make." He goes on to assert that "effective leaders can and should spend time `deciding how to decide.' In short, creating high-quality decision-making processes necessitates a good deal of forethought." Throughout Roberto's lively narrative, there is a strong recurring theme: "leaders must strive for a delicate balance of assertiveness and restraint." In this book, he explains, "I argue that leaders must become hunters who venture out in search of the problems that might lead to disaster" for their organizations. Consider what Peter Drucker observed in an article that appeared in the Harvard Business Review in 1963: "There is surely nothing quite so useless as doing with great efficiency what should not be done at all."The title "Know What You Don't Know" has all manner of critically important implications.  Here are three. First, it correctly suggests that identifying and then filling knowledge needs requires the same "level of critical and divergent thinking, while simultaneously building consensus" that the problem-solving process requires. And that consensus should be the result of rigorous scrutiny applied to a number of options even if (especially if) some seem counterintuitive and perhaps even contradictory. Only then will it be possible "to facilitate the timely and efficient implementation" of  the choice(s) made. The title also correctly suggests that this process requires high-impact leadership, one that insists on both good will and principled disagreement throughout group discussion and consideration while maintaining "a delicate balance of assertiveness and restraint."  High-impact leadership also serves as an example of seven critical skills and capabilities that are needed to ensure that problems do not remain hidden (more about them later), to discover "the bad news that typically does not surface until far too late." However, Roberto adds, becoming an effective problem-finder (a "detective") also requires a "different mindset," one that "begins with a certain level of intellectual curiosity, is based on systematic thinking, and meanwhile realize that "every organization, no matter how successful, has plenty of problems [and they] often lie beneath the surface, hidden from view." This is what Andrew Grove, former Intel chairman and CEO, had in mind when asserting that "only the paranoid survive."With regard to the aforementioned seven critical skills and capabilities, Roberto devotes a separate chapter to each. Actually, I think that (only with minor revision) they could be viewed as strategies as well as skills and capabilities.  The most effective problem finders must also be effective navigators and politicians, as the following correctly suggest:1. Circumvent the "gatekeepers" (i.e. those who control filters and other barriers)2. Become an ethnographer (observe carefully, ask questions, listen intently, etc.)3. Hunt for patterns (e.g. identify verifiable causal relationships)4. Connect the dots (5. Encourage useful failures (i.e. those that are small, brief, inexpensive, and informative)6. Teach how to talk and to listen (also when and why)7. Watch the "game film" of past performance (make adjustments, practice deliberately)Throughout his narrative, Roberto makes brilliant use of a reader-friendly device that consists of a check-list and brief discussion of key points. For example, reasons why problems remain hidden (Page 9), small problems and failures that can threaten an organization (Pages 19-20), why information filtering takes place (pages 31-34), how to circumvent the filters (Page 36), principles of effective observation (Page 64), seven key questions to use when testing assumptions (Page 85), types of leadership behavior that can encourage more effective treatment of information (Page 108), four ways suggested by Roger Martin (author of The Opposable Mind) to nurture and develop integrative thinking skills (Pages 113-114), how to assess a failure before, during, and after it occurs (Page 125-126), how to speak up more effectively (Page 154), and "Three Dimensions of a New Mindset" (Pages 189-193).I wholeheartedly agree with Michael Roberto that organizations should commit at least as resources to encouraging, training, supporting, recognizing, and (yes) rewarding their Problem-Finders ("Detectives") as they do their Problem-Solvers  ("Firefighters"). Of course both are needed. And both require leaders who demonstrate intellectual curiosity, adopt systematic thinking, and exhibit a healthy dose of paranoia. He goes on to point out, "They do not wait for problems to come to them. They behave much more proactively. They seek out problems. They embrace them...The very best leaders know that speed is critical. The earlier you discover a problem, the more likely you can contain the damage, and the more likely you can solve it readily. Most important of all, successful leaders do not see problems as threats. They see every problem as an opportunity to learn and improve."Why must the "great leaders" to which this brilliant book's title refers be developed at all levels and in all areas of every organization, whatever its size and nature may be? Problems are equal-opportunity troublemakers.  Just as minor scratches can become major infections if ignored or neglected, minor problems can become major disasters unless they are discovered and solved as quickly as possible.
I was unsure of what to expect with this novel, but I ended up loving it.I can't claim to know or understand the circumstances of autism, but I felt this novel seemed authentic.Beyond that, it's a very thoughtful story of a young, curious boy.
Roger Penrose has penned a massive tome that takes on a pretty big job--that of addressing the physical laws that hold our universe together.  The equivalent of a B.S. in physics would seem to be the bare minimum required for the reader to make much sense of this book, with a Ph.D. in that discipline leaving the reader still less than completely prepared!  Of course the author himself freely admits that much remains that baffles him, including that apparently incomplete work known as quantum theory.Nevertheless, many aspects of physics are explained in a way that at least seems not too difficult to understand.  On p.705 the author describes the Sun as Earth's entropy sink--with high energy photons absorbed by day--with many more low energy photons given off as that part of the Earth turns away from the Sun by night--and with the proliferating nocturnal low energy radiation quanta flows a large measure of entropy.  Meanwhile the entropy of black holes increase with the surface area of such objects--thus providing the entropy sinks of last resort for our universe.  So now I can at least begin to see how you can have a relatively well-ordered and life-bearing planet like Earth while still maintaining the monotonic increase in entropy within the closed system that is our universe.  This argument has stimulated me to imagine how a plant might accomplish its mission of alternating the population and depopulation of energy levels in such a way that the absorption of high energy photons and subsequent radiation of low energy photons allow that plant to achieve its own local reduction in entropy.
This is a great book! I would highly recommend it. It was just what I was looking for. Perfect for a couple looking to get married that hasn't known each other long!
The authors explain their purpose this way, &quot;We are not looking for a perfect solution.&quot;  In most cases, the perfect solution is unattainable or will be endlessly delayed.  A workable solution is much to  be preferred.  On the other hand, the power of this approach is clearly a  major contribution to the conflict resolution literature, and contains  insights that you would do well to capture and apply for yourself.The  book references Machiavelli in the title because he first asked the  question of what once should advise princes.  Since then, there has not  been enough progress in answering that question.  The book makes good  headway in adding new insights and directions.Although this book is  aimed at (and explicitly discusses) conflicts in international relations,  the authors also report that those using these techniques in negotiating  workshops and exercises found them helpful in resolving business and legal  issues as well.  Having studied the book, heard Professor Fisher speak  about it, and participated in a workshop to use this approach, I agree with  that assessment.  You can think of this book as the next phase beyond the  landmark book, Getting to Yes, that Professor Fisher also  coauthored.Anyone who has gone to law school (which I admit I am guilty  of) will recognize familiar elements of the legal analysis process.  Yet  the application is new and powerful.Essentially, this book gives you  the guidelines and examples you need to create:-- a checklist of  steps to analyze conflict-- a set of analytic tools to figure out why  the conflict is not settled and to offer a new approach that is better--  an action plan built from a 2 page digest of a proposal, a 1 page list of  talking points, and a to-do list for each party as next steps.You are  exhorted to focus on points of choice for the adversary, looking to your  purposes in planning your moves rather than just reacting to what the other  side does, and carefully choosing your purposes.The process basically  involves role playing that begins with seeing the problem from the point of  view of the other side (this is nicely summarized in tables that show  side-by-side comparisons of views on the same conflict elements); focusing  on the choices open to the other side and influencing those choices (using  tools of message analysis to get to intent); generating fresh ideas (by  looking at the problem, diagnosing choices, looking at the approach being  used, and reviewing action plans); formulating good advice (&quot;What  decision do you want the adverary to choose?&quot;); and helping remove the  causes of conflicts with process changes (creating new mediators, training  people in this way of thinking, etc.).The examples in the book cover  every major conflict that you are likely to be familiar with in the last 40  years.  They provide a useful reference point to the book's principles.I was particularly impressed with the discussion of how to determine  which advice is moral, and how to frame solutions so they would be well  understood.The key to this approach is to break down your thinking into  step-by-step, smaller pieces.  Those of you who have read Six Thinking Hats  will recognize the benefits this can bring.  By doing this, you can  dissipate your own in-going perspective to capture the perspective of the  person you want to convince.Well done!Good luck in using this  approach to overcome misconception, communication, disbelief,  procrastination, and bureaucratic stalls!
Originally published in 1897this book is considered to be the turning point in Conrad's career. The book has also been published under the title The Children of the Sea: A Tale of the Forecastle.This is a very good short novel. It has strong characters, great navel insight and is a study of the character of men. It also has to do with the lives of men in general - the good, the bad, and the indifferent.In an interesting way it weaves a tale of deceit that becomes a reality. James "Jimmy" Waits, a west Indian black sailor waits for illness and is waiting for death.It explores not only the deceits of men, but how man deals with illness and death in confined space. It was an excellent read.
This is a deeply felt story of love set in WWII London and Greene offers a moving depiction of faith and loss. Greene's writing is at the top of his form and his understanding of human nature flawless. His use of imagery is consistent throughout his many novels and he constantly displays  a sense of the gray areas of life, where there is no right or wrong.
I really learned a lot from this book, and from the instructor who taught the class.When family complain about their managers not being very good leaders, I offer them this book.  Very useful information!
I've read this one twice,and probably my only criticism is that Ms. Tartt should have had a better editor.Then again, I wasn't writing top of the line novels at her age (and still haven't)!The sense of isolated young scholars in a near-hermetically wintry sealed community reminded me a little of Hesse and Mann,both among the huge assortment of authors she probably has breezed through. The immaturity and petty bickering of the young collegiates,though probably universal, did get on my nerves a bit, as they ran through the whole work. But since this is a world the author surely knows, she writes from first hand experience,I'm sure. The philosphical chit-chat was a lot of fun too, even if again overdone. But the sense of college life was generally right on target. The first murder,during a depraved outdoor spree, meant to emulate the ancient Greeks,may not be too convincing,but stranger things have happened.The coverups are diabolically clever,but these are clever people who commit them. Let's see if Ms. Tartt can top this the next go around,and maybe find a better editor.
I first met financial columnist, Gail MarksJarvis, about five years ago in Chicago at a Morningstar conference.  I remember being impressed by her curiosity, thoughtfulness, energy and drive - all of which is reflected in the award winning personal finance column that she writes for the Tribune.When her book was released, we met over a cup of coffee at the Barclay InterContinental at 48th and Lex to discuss her foray into books.  She was in New York speaking before the National Association of State Treasurers forum on public funds management and touring for the release of her new book, "Saving for Retirement (without living like a pauper or winning the lottery)," published by FT Press.I asked Gail what motivated her to publish."When I talk to readers, there is a common theme," said Gail.  "They are confused about financing retirement and they are desperate for help.""They think they should know the answers -- that somehow through osmosis, they will figure out what they need to do," she continued. "Of course, that's not the case - that's why I wrote the book - to give them the background to make good decisions."In her book, Gail tackles 401(k)s and IRAs, the stock market, mutual funds, and asset allocation, as well as when to start investing and how to figure out how much you need in retirement  - all topics "people are supposed to know," said Gail, "but don't."If you are a novice, you'll find the book easy to digest - with plenty of references to cooking, I might add.
This is indeed a sad story; how tragic a doctor, who took an oath to  promote life, saw these helpless, dependent twins (and others) as objects to toss away.  For what purpose; yet genocide still goes on today.  Let us be better  people and treat our people as the motto says: "Do unto others as you would have done unto you."
This book is the GoF book for J2EE. Its part 2, Design Considerations, Bad Practices and Refactorings, is especially interesting. As we know, good design often does not come at first, it comes after several refactorying, this part explainshow to apply J2EE Patterns by refactorying.Its Part 3, Chapter 6, Patterns Overview, is a very good summary as well. You can find A J2EE Pattern Relationship in Figure 6.2, which is worth reading again and again. Table 6-6, 6-7, 6-8 tell you which pattern, on which page you can use for a special problem you face.There is a case study in Epilogue, it's good but a little light, hope more cases studies can be added in the next edition.Some patterns changed a little for EJB2.0, for example, Composite Entity uses dependent object in EJB1.x, and it uses local interface in EJB2.0; Service locator is used in Message Driven Bean in EJB2.0 now. Since this book was based on EJB1.1, EJB2.0 related features are not included.This book can discover more relationships between different tiers, for example, View Helper pattern can useValue Object, the idea of Business Delegate can be used in other tiers as well, etc.In a whole, it's a book worth studying carefully.
John Steinbeck's The Grapes of Wrath is an epic novel in many ways, but ultimately has a simple message that anyone who has had setbacks or struggles can relate to. It's the story of the underdog. This underdog is fighting for a piece of the American Dream during the harsh 1930s Depression. Those migrant "Okies" who trekked west weren't out to conquer; they just wanted to make ends meet, to be able to work, to survive, to provide for their families. In our current state of economic woes, we can identify with crisis these people faced-- the risks, the work involved, picking up and leaving everything: possessions, cherished items, homes. All this for the prospects of a better future that California and the West seemed to symbolize. It was a difficult journey and many didn't make it; those who did often found out that the "land of milk and honey" wasn't as rosy as the handbills indicated.The conflicts of this journey West, the spiritual fight, is what Steinbeck depicts in a raw, poetic, realistic way that it is no wonder The Grapes of Wrath has become such an important novel for its historical perspective as well as literary merit.Within the framework of the novel, we follow the Joad family--a microcosm of the displaced family having to head out West. The novel also shifts from the Joad's story to "bigger concept" chapters dedicated to illustrating what the migrants were facing. Tom Joad, after being released from prison, finds Jim Casy, former preacher, and they discover that everyone from the Joad clan appears to be heading out. With little prospects, they make the journey with the family, and we follow along, encountering the many conflicts along the way. There are those who cling to their roots, who are skeptical about the prospects of California, those like Grandpa Joad and Muley Graves, who believe leaving is a form of defeat. However, with bleak prospects, the move is imminent and necessary, even though they realize it will be a tough road ahead.Among the characters, Ma Joad, Jim Casy, and Tom Joad emerge as prominent figures. Ma Joad, the leader of the family who holds down the fort when things begin to falter or break apart; Jim Casy, the former preacher and spiritual man who sees the deeper soul of humanity; and Tom Joad, the rebel who makes strides to transform his character, to carry on Casy's fight and the fight for his people, who speaks for an entire group when he says "I'll be there."The Grapes of Wrath, on one level, connects Depression era migrants with the dream of heading west and finding some semblance of an idyllic existence. Although many dreams are dashed, it is the struggle of this journey that becomes a main symbol. On another level, this novel is a picture of a time period, people trying to make it and survive, something we all relate to, which Steinbeck aptly and poetically captures. This is a timeless novel on many levels.
I had the privilege of once attending a lecture on beer by Charlie Bamforth. Not only was he very entertaining, but I learned more in on evening about how to get the most out of the beer I was buying than I had learned while living in a fraternity during college and while drinking beer for many years after college. I wish I had met Charlie, or known of his books, years ago.Charlie's latest book is part beer advice, part philosophy, part business, part personal history, and all-around fun. Don't be misled by those who claim that Charlie is biased because he has done work for Budweiser; he has done work for many other brewers as well and seems to count all of the world's most respected microbrewers as friends. Charlie knows his stuff and is remarkably candid about all beers, regardlesso of who brews them. As to his praise of uniformity, well, he is the head of U.C. Davis' brewing technologies department and he trains commercial brewers, so what would you expect? Even the best brewery would soon lose its customers if it failed to deliver a consistent product.While not what you'd normally expect in a book like this, the endnotes are marvelous and I very much recommend you follow Charlie's advice in his introduction and read every one of them. You'll learn a lot about the major breweries, both those of today and those of days gone by, and you'll even pick up some information on British soccer and business in general. And you may learn a thing or two about beer and the way it is made by the major breweries along the way. You won't learn any recipes for making your own beer, but then that's not the point of this book.Highly recommended.
There are two growing trends in western society which will have a significant impact on our economy, the way we think about retirement and our lives.The first trend is that we are living longer.  Not only are we living longer, our productive years has been extended.  A few years back when a worker reached 65 they were worn out.  They were ready to kick back and spend the last few years on the golf course or out fishing.  But as our health care and quality of life have improved, most people at 65 are still very active. They have plenty of productive years left.The second trend is that companies are not eager to keep older workers on the payroll.  For a variety of reasons, most companies still think that older workers are not as valuable - or perhaps are more expensive than younger ones.This is creating a sizeable population of senior workers who are highly capable, have the desire and willingness to work but cannot find challenging/fulfilling work.  As the author points out, recent discoveries in brain studies have shown that we do not lose intelligence as we grow older, the opposite is the case.  The brain is very plastic and can continue to learn and adapt throughout life.  Often older workers gain additional wisdom in part because the left and right hemispheres seem to work better with age.The book does a wonderful job of discussing and highlighting the growing trends which the boomers are facing and the problems they are encountering in trying to cope with the desires to find meaningful purpose and engaging employment.The author interviews many senior citizens who re-invented themselves - abandoning their primary career and finding new meaning/purpose in life.  One of the recurring themes of the book is that there is this vast talent pool going to waste and it is being overlooked by most businesses.  If you fit into this group, you cannot or should not rely on others to solve the problem for you.  Your best solution is to take control of your own situation.  You will need to create your own solution.The book is very conversational and easy to read.  It does a very good job of pointing out the social problems created by these trends.  While the advice is to take control of your own life and create your own solution, I feel that most people will need much more guidance than is given in this book.  This is not a how-to manual.  It is more a high level discussion of the problems and a look at how some others have re-invented their lives.The Great Recession of 2008 really highlighted this problem.  There is a real need for boomers to understand the value they can add to others and find a way to share their value.Life is not over at 65.  Most people still have a lot of positive value to add.  This book will help you become aware of the possibilities that exist - that will allow people to achieve their full potential.
Clinicians famous in their respective fields have produced 2010 Current Medical Diagnosis & Treatment, a solid survey of treatment and symptoms of over 1,000 diseases and disorders. College-level medical reference libraries will appreciate the focus on clinical diagnosis and patient management tools, and will note this is the only text to include an annual HIV infection update. Hundreds of drug treatment tables, ICD-9 codes, new topics on vaccines and Chikungunya fever, and more make this a key reference for any college-level medical collection.
I bought this for my seven year old granddaughter to enjoy in the car with her younger brothers.  It was a big hit.
After reading Mr. Imai's work a decade or longer ago, I revisited his books over the past year and found that the insights and ideas about Kaizen are still timeless and powerful. Mr. Imai learned directly from Taiichi Ohno, one of the famed creators of the Toyota Production System.The book "Gemba Kaizen" talks about moving beyond kaizen (continuous improvement) to an approach that is also "gemba" focused (gemba meaning the "actual place" or the place where the work is actually done). These are fundamental concepts in the Lean management approach. While the book's title may make one think the book is only about kaizen methods, Mr. Imai uses the term kaizen to refer to the broader Toyota Production System, so the book covers other topics like 5S, standard work, and 3P (lean design).The updated version has new case studies from around the world, including more from healthcare settings.
A Portrait Of The Artist As A Young Man, by James Joyce, is about growing up Irish Catholic in late nineteenth century Ireland.When the book was first published, the style was so radical critics didn't know what to make of it.  Although very readable, to understand the book requires that the reader pay close attention.  There are many shifts in time and place, and shifts between external consciousness and dreaming or thinking.  The author makes these changes without warning; yet, some of the transitions are so seamless, they are magnificent.  His dialogue can be difficult to follow sometimes, precisely because it is so smooth.  Although written almost a century ago, the language and style still feel very modern.The main character, Stephen Dedalus,  grew up in a well-off Irish Catholic family.  His father was a businessman who also dabbled in politics but was not religious.  He sent the young Stephen to a Jesuit boarding school because, as he told his son, with the connections he will make, he will be able to go far. Stephen's mother was a kind, traditional Irish Catholic.  The family lived in the country, but they were forced to move to an apartment in Dublin when their financial situation declined.As a child, Stephen is physically slight, introverted and intelligent.  He wears glasses.  It is very touching how Joyce evokes the sensitive nature of the grade school Stephen, especially with regard to the rough-housing of classmates and the undeserved, cruel physical punishments of his teachers.  Several images of his childhood, including of his father are seen, playfully, through a glass.  Joyce seems to like that image.  Stephen worships his father in the way many young boys do.During the time when Stephen was a young boy, the great Irish nationalist leader Parnell had recently fallen from power.  Although a Protestant, Parnell had the support of both the Catholics and the Protestants in the north and the south.  He was the one leader in Irish history that had the potential to unite all of Ireland and lead them to independence.The men in Stephen's family constantly talk, and argue, politics.  The women in the family concurred in the Bishops condemnation of Parnell.  Stephen's father and uncle raged at the Catholic clergy.  They remained militant Parnell supporters.  A family Christmas dinner ends abruptly because of a near violent argument over Parnell between a devout Catholic aunt of Stephen's and a diehard nationalist uncle.  It is clear Stephen identified with his father's position.Stephen goes through all the insecurities, emotional chaos, yearnings and sexual desire of adolescence.  Stephen loves women and has crushes on several.  They appear somewhat alien to him but lovely and sensual nonetheless.  He goes through a phase where he becomes a regular in Dublin's red light district.In college, Stephen attends a retreat given by one of his Jesuit teacher's from grade school.  The priest delivers one of the most frightening sermons of all time, seemingly endless apocalyptic images and booming rhetoric of hellfire, suffering and eternal damnation.  The sermon is the centerpiece of the book, about twenty pages long.  As a result of the sermon and retreat, Stephen became overwhelmed with guilt and went to confession.In college, the students and faculty acknowledge Stephen to be intellectually brilliant.  In college, Stephen becomes as much an expert in his subjects as any of his Jesuit professors.  He digests, deconstructs and masters everything the priests had in their arsenal to throw at him: Aquinas, Aristotle, Plato, literature, every language and subject.In his last year of college, as you can predict, one of the Jesuit professors asks Stephen to seriously consider become a (Jesuit) priest.  He turns him down.  He sees the Jesuits as lifeless.  They are not like Saint Ignatius, he observes.  They are not what they are supposed to be.  Stephen shudders at the thought of spending the rest of his life living in an institution like the cold, rigid Jesuit grade school and residence he attended as a child.In the end, Stephen rejects the Catholic Church and Ireland.  He says the attitude of Irish Roman Catholics towards Roman Catholicism is that of a, "Dullwitted loyal serf."  Stephen understands better than anyone that his intellect and personality are saturated with Catholicism.  He can't stand it and declares himself an agnostic.  He says he needs to get out of Ireland to decide for himself what he believes and doesn't believe.  He is disgusted with Irish culture, or the lack of it.  He tells a friend that, "Ireland is the old sow that eats her farrow."  Stephen's friends have gotten used to his brilliance over the years, but his rejection of Ireland and Catholicism astonishes and mystifies them.One friend even suggests that he become a Protestant.  Stephen replies, "I said that I had lost the faith but not that I had lost selfrespect.  What kind of liberation would that be to forsake an absurdity which is logical and coherent and to embrace one which is illogical and incoherent?"  Likewise, Stephen bristles with hostility towards the English.  The dean of students of his college is a Jesuit from England.  In a casual conversation, Stephen sets him up by using the word tundish instead of funnel.  "Is that called a tundish in Ireland?" the dean asked patronizingly.  Stephen answered, laughing at him, "It is called a tundish in Lower Drumcondra, where they speak the best English."  Later, to a friend, Stephen says, with hostility and contempt, that this Englishman came to Ireland to learn proper English.Stephen's mother tells him that he's read too many books.  She tells him she prays that he will learn about things of the heart.  About his impending emigration, Stephen says, "Welcome, O life! I go to encounter for the millionth time the reality of experience and to forge in the smithy of my soul the uncreated conscience of my race."
This book is written very well and is very easy to follow and comprehend the material on AutoCAD 2011 use.  Illustrations are clear and easy to use. Highly recommended.
Heyer"s novels are always a joy to read over and over. Her characters and their situations are for the most part comedies of manners, missed opportunities and crossed purposes that almost always sort themselves in the most delightful and humorous ways. And all without the uncharacteristic (for this era) sexual behaviors so explicitly described by so many modern authors of this genre. I am no prude-just weary of the device in this type of fiction that says it isn't romance unless we are regaled with the details of their spectacular anatomy and the subsequent physical response felt by each intimately described part of it. #sigh#I purchased this for my kindle because my paper copy is falling apart!
I think Rogers is a great intellect. I was so impressed by The Unsayable, and this memoir, though not as brilliant as the later, is also full of insight. But both books worried me greatly. I'm afraid that some people might construe A Shining Affliction as being a book about a woman who, through therapy, encounters recovered memories of sexual abuse at the hands of her parents--instances of abuse that were unknown to her until the therapy sessions she describes. Rogers doesn't say that in this book, flat out: she leaves it ambiguous. But she comes close to saying it.I understand that in 1996, when this book was published, such ideas were floating around in the culture, and that everybody's inner life, conscious or not, is bound to be influenced by the society in which one lives. But I think that Rogers, as a psychologist who writes about childhood trauma and the "unsayable," has a responsibility to address the facts surrounding trauma and memory. Many instances of "recovered memories" (particularly memories recovered in therapy) from the nineties are now considered to be part of a mass hysteria made famous in the 1980's with the McMartin preschool case. In both categories (preschool abuse, recovered memory cases--sometimes with Satanic aspects), "abusers" were tried and sent to prison. But these were, in effect, witch trials. The evidence was non-existent, and it is now accepted that no crimes were committed.In A Shining Affliction, Rogers makes an effort to document the abuse of her young patient, but she doesn't include any documentation of her own abuse. I wish she had, but it's not really that that's bothering me--A Shining Affliction was written in a different time, a different climate. No one expected her to document her abuse then. But I do expect her to do it now. What's real and what's not real is a crucial part of understanding trauma, in my opinion; the fact that we just passed through an era when "unreal" trauma was created by clinicians and prosecuted as actual crimes is extremely disturbing. (And I'm not saying Rogers wasn't abused--she certainly seems to be suffering, and this information may be known to her--yet she leaves out so much of her own history. Why was she taken from her mother and put into foster care, for example? And her sister--what happened to her?)This is why I kept waiting, in the Unsayable (a much more recent book) for Rogers to address the sexual abuse hysteria of the eighties and nineties. She didn't. But someone in her field has to, and I wish it would be her. She's so damn smart for one, plus it really is her responsibility. How can she not say? That's what her work is about. In a sense, the sexual abuse hysteria of the eighties and nineties has become an unsayable part of the recent history of psychoanalysis, an unspoken trauma in the field; Rogers has contributed to this trauma by implying, in A Shining Affliction, that she was utterly blindsided to learn, as a twenty-seven year old, that her mother and father had each molested her when she was very young. (Though she does indicate that she had some prior knowledge as well--it's quite unclear what she's saying.) And she continues to contribute to this trauma by remaining silent on the subject.
I do not consider myself sufficiently qualified to discuss this book in terms of its possible value to individual investors. Each reader must make that determination for herself or himself. But I can suggest that Navarro provides a thoughtful and well-written perspective on investing within the context of global as well as domestic developments. The title suggests that when natural and/or human forces create a shortage of some kind, providers of whatever seems likely to be in short supply will benefit. Therefore, if the given providers are publicly-traded companies, a purchase of their stock may be desirable. However, obviously, rigorous due diligence on each of such companies must first be completed. There are certain situations in which what I call "blind hog" companies find an occasional "acorn" and their value is only temporarily increased. Because market conditions can change so quickly, short-term investments require constant scrutiny. Timing is of critical importance. (When asked how he was able to earn so much money from his Wall Street investments, Bernard Baruch is reported to have replied, "Because I always sold too soon.") The value of mid-term and long-term investments may fluctuate over an extended period of time as they are involved in what could be a sorting out process. Different criteria for measuring the value of their stock are needed. Any investor in publicly-traded stocks must have a "game plan" which is appropriate to his or her specific objectives, resources, etc.I cannot rate this book Five Stars because, as indicated previously, I do not consider myself sufficiently qualified to comment on certain quite specific technical and legal as well as economic factors. (For that reason, in effect, the author is being penalized a Star.) I enjoyed reading this book. I found it thought-provoking. Ultimately, it remains for more knowledgeable reviewers to address issues beyond my expertise. Navarro got me thinking about a much larger context within which to formulate investment strategies. For that, I am grateful. One final point: Those who are unwilling and/or unable to commit the necessary time and energy to their stock investments should either not make them or entrust them to a VERY carefully selected advisor.
Robert Harris has put together a story and details about Pompeii that make very compelling reading.  If you want to know more about the people and what happened around Vesuvius when it erupted in 79 AD this is the book to read.
Revved us an incredible short book that makes us realize the obvious on people management. Most of us know already what is shared in this book, but are we following the same in real life, I bet no. That's why when you read this book, you will get the first shock, oh my GOD, I know all these things, and then the realization surfaces, when we ask the question whether we are following the same in real life? At least to me, the answer was big NO.This is where this book scores really well, narrated by a simple story, this one makes us realize and also provides a concrete action plan on how to improve your life by caring for others. What goes around comes around. So when you help others, and truly care for them, they will in turn reciprocate the good will and soon you will have an personal army :) that will be ready to go the extra mile for you.The theme of this book is, how to become a successful manager, but the same applies to anyone in general.So read this book, practice what was preached ( I have taken my step 1) and become a better human being. Success will follow.
The book is in good condition and the price was very reasonable.  I ran across the movie late one night and decided that I'd like to read the book.  It's so easy to find things online.
The Rule of Four in many respects is an entertaining, informative and inspiring piece of literature. One can also perceive in this book a deep respect and a genuine awe for writing and literature in general. In a way, The Rule of Four is a tribute to literature, scholarship, and ultimately, art and beauty. At the risk of sounding old fashion, this novel exalts the power of the written word, how literature, for some, can be an all-consuming activity, taking precedence above even survival itself.Literature was once viewed in the halls of academia as merely a collage of signs and signifiers, a post-structuralist game of deconstruction for its own sake. In the not so distant past, literature and true scholarship lost its magic, and was unduly relegated to lowbrow modernism, advertising copy, where the rules were tossed aside and the dictate was, "Anything Goes." This book, in many ways, is a backlash to that postmodern sensibility, pulling literature, history and philosophy out of its "meaningless deconstructive hell", realigning art to where it belongs, and that is a royal road, a secret key or direct conduit back to the gods themselves.To compare this novel to the Da Vinci Code is a great disservice. This book has nothing to do with the alleged bloodline of the Saviour. It has nothing to do with the Holy Grail, Leonardo da Vinci or Mary Magellan. The book does hold a deep Renaissance secret, however, centred during 15th century Florence, but that's its only connection. What this book is about, then, is the power of the written word, and the secrets and passions it contains. The book is about obsession, the almost visceral need for knowledge and the pure delight and suffering one can experience while on that journey. The Sign of Four is also about friendship, enduring friendship, and the sacrifices one makes to ensure friendship lasts.Close to the end of the book, when the character of Paul finally discovers the "secret" of the Hypnerotomachia, the manuscript under study, he describes Renaissance Florence and its intensely creative period during the late 15th century; this would have to be one of the most entertainingly descriptive monologues that I've ever read about the renaissance.The Rule of Four is a well-crafted, well-edited and confident piece of fiction. The authors worked on the piece for six year after their graduation from Princeton University. I believe it was time well spent as the book is not only entertaining but also informative, and in the end, inspiring.
Three Men in a Boat (To Say Nothing of the Dog) is one of the classic books of British humor. It was first published in 1889. Here is the author's brief summary of Chapter One. "Three Invalids--Sufferings of George and Harris--A victim to one hundred and seven fatal maladies--Useful prescriptions--Cure for liver complaint in children--We agree that we are overworked, and need rest--A week on the rolling deep?--George suggests the River--Montmorency lodges an objection--Original motion carried by a majority of three to one."  This book is only 135 pages long--a quick antidote for our more complex and less humorous times. It can also lead you to Connie Willis' "To Say Nothing of the Dog" Connie is an honored science fiction (with lots of humor) author. I believe she has won more science fiction prizes than any other American author. The dedication of "To Say Nothing of the Dog"reads "To Robert A. Heinlein Who, in Have Space Suit, Will Travel, first introduced me to Jerome K. Jerome's "Three Men in A Boat, To Say Nothing of the Dog." I wish to all of you who read this book a joyous interlude to life in the 21st century.
Manguel has done a wonderful job of capturing the many fascinating aspects of reading from the neurological (just what is reading, what our eyes and brains do), to the evolution of reading out loud to `silent' reading, to the history of some of the great collections of the world, and much, much more. This really is a great book, that I would recommend to anyone who loves to read, as you are sure to find something of interested, and undoubtedly something you did not know previously. The title is a *little* misleading, in that it is not a straight chronological historical study.  My only quibble would be that the approach at times can be a little too scatter-gun, but perhaps that is part of the charm - it is like a fascinating rambling conversation about every bibliophiles favourite topic.
I'm a new investor, and this book was very understandable, practical, informative, enlightening, ect..  This is a very vaulable resource of information on investing.  I highly reccomend it.
The Mask of Command By John Keegan--Reviewed by Philip W. Henry, Rialto CAThe British military historian John Keegan ("The Face of Battle";" The First World War") has a knack for distilling military history into a few well-crafted paragraphs. He does so particularly well in "The Mask of Command" -a study of leadership styles among Alexander (The Heroic); Grant (The Un-Heroic); Wellington (The Anti-Heroic); Hitler (`The False Heroic') and contemporary leaders (The'Post-Heroic').His point is to distinguish among military leadership styles based on the personality and initiative of the Commander.In a particularly insightful chapter, Keegan dissects the Battle of Waterloo on an hour-by-hour basis, paying particular note to Wellington's characteristic attention to detail and stamina (he is said to have slept fewer than eight hours during the course of the weeklong battle).The importance of Military Intelligence (the subject of another Keegan book) is especially vital in earlier conquests, when the gathering of intelligence depended largely on Scouts, as in the Civil War, and not on technology, as in America's latest adventures in World Domination.The lessons of the past, as in all history, are available to the Current Political Leadership: if only they examine them.--By Philip Henry (Rialto, CA, Vietnam Veteran)
If you are wanting your child to learn Spanish. This is a great book. It gives the kids a song and they can sing with the cd.
Having read both this book and "Crucial Conversations" more than once, let me say that they are both worth reading more than once! In its latest reading, I used this book for a book study at work, guiding my team (I'm their boss) through the book and the lessons in the book. The team had been largely dysfunctional, had serious problems with communication, apparently had no idea of how to deal with confrontations, and might very well have imploded completely. Over the course of a few months, we read this book chapter by chapter (with some breaks), discussed each of the lessons, and started to put them into play.Today, the team communicates far better, has become highly functional, has improved their interpersonal skills, and are a joy to work with.Several of the team said that they were already starting to put some of the things they'd learned into practice in their personal lives, and I can see them applying them at work daily.The lessons that you can glean from this book are HUGE. If you find yourself struggling to have real conversations about issues small and large, if you have a relationship that is in some jeopardy, or if you just want to be more effective in a leadership or teaming role, read these books.For instance, the idea of mastering your stories... what is it that you assume about the motivations of the other person, and how do those assumptions generate feelings which drive YOUR behaviors? Learning about your "stories", how to discuss them with others, and how that affects you could be the start of something wonderful for you.Read these books.  Now.
The risk of writing from the viewpoint of an autistic boy could have easily backfired, but in this case it made for a unique and enjoyable read.  Mark Haddon captured the essence of his narrator in a way that enhanced the story, rather than detracting from it, and the simple events of a young man's life become profound and meaningful.
fedora 15, for learning Linux. For Lpic-1 exams, great book for after install. Working on 117-101 exam first. Using old PC, 700 mhz.
The story involves three characters, Fowler, a seasoned British war correspondent in Vietnam in the 1950s; Phuong, his beautiful Vietnamese mistress; and Pyle, a young American. There is the proverbial &quot;love triangle&quot; of sorts, but the story is told from Fowler's point of view, so things appear differently than you would expect because of his wisdom and experience.I learned a great deal from this book about the history of European imperialism in SE Asia, a subject that I really have never studied.
A phenomental video and book - I could not put either down. Unfortunately the video is not closed captions and now being mostly deaf, I had to lip read whenever possible.  The book is outstanding and very moving account of the homefront during the forgotten war - WWI.
A nice overview of hospital management, this volume includes sections on operating rooms, diagnostics, nursing care, and emergency services, as well as a general overview of facility operations.  The writing is engaging and well-illustrated, and the presentation is nicely structured.A good resource for hospital professionals as well as a nice entry level textbook for hospital management curricula.Recommended!
This book will give the reader an inside look at the reality of how financial &#34; wealth management&#34; actually works.I learned a lot from reading this book and would advise anyone who invests in the stock market to read it as well.Just because someone wears a nice suit and is able to throw around complex sounding financial phrases, it doesn't mean he will be any better than you at investing your money.I manage all my own investments and reading this book valladated my decision and gave me more confidence in doing so.I have also become a fan of Josh Brown and I follow him on CNBC, and on his Blog. In the wierd and wild world of financial punditry, Josh is one of the very few  good guys&#34;  who you can depend upon for telling it like it is.DO NOT PASS UP READING THIS BOOK. There are things in it that you REALLY SHOULD KNOW!
I just finished "My Life" by Bill Clinton.  I found it very interesting and informative. It gave me a better understanding of the many different issues that our presidential candidates must deal with on a daily basis, an inside look at how the political games are played, and the extraordinary amount of work and pressure that is involved. This book explains, in great detail, Mr. Clinton's years as our president; his many successes, his failures, and his dedication to America.
I read this book as part of the 12 Books online book group during the month of May 2012. I admit that when I first read the title I was a little confused. I love anything to do with entrepreneurship despite my rather poor track record thus far. The reason I was so excited to read this book is because the author has just an established track record in starting successful companies. Rich has launched over 30 companies with less than $10K in capital and among those over 10 went on to be BIG successes.The book is really about helping entrepreneurs understand that the best way to get somewhere isn't always a straight line. In my reading, this major concept took a little while to sink in but as I moved from chapter to chapter I really discovered that the material is designed to give an entrepreneur a new type of road map that allows one to chart a course that is most likely going to lead to success.The three main zigs and zags were critical components that talk about things that most of us understand are critical to success. Getting to profitability quickly, failing efficiently, adding resources, scaling the business, setting goals, and motivating a team. Most students of business are already familiar with these necessities but having them as part of an effective road map is the key to getting off the ground.As I reflect on my reading of the book I feel like there were a few golden nuggets that will really stick out to me as I move forward in my career.First, as elementary as it sounds, I think a key insight for me was the need to get to profitability before scaling the business. All too often I think people (myself included) are too eager to make the business big before we discover the key system that generates profits on a consistent basis. The Zigzag Principle taught me that you always focus first on a profitable and dependable model before you invest in scaling the business.Second, Rich's insights about living a life of balance were really compelling. I have fallen victim one too many times to the attitude of "just this one big project" and I'll be able to spend more time with the family (or insert other life goal). There will always be one more project, trial, or other issue. As individuals we have to determine what our real goals are and create "guardrails" that keep us on our path and within our boundaries in business and every other aspect of life.
Really enjoyed this story.  Mainly because there wasn't so much time spent on his alcohol problems as in the Oslo trilogy. He's meant to be a detective and if he got drunk and turned up for work (if he actually made it) he'd be thrown out on his ear. In saying that I think it's a good part of the story if it''s just two or thee times after traumatic events
If NY editors were still giving newly published writers the nurturing they used to be so good at, this still superb debut novel would have been spectacular. With such a great premise, the characters portrayed during three separate Junes over the period of a decade - and in a handful of lovely settings from Greece to Greenwich Village, Julia Glass's book is still a sterling read and provides fodder for long book group discussions. Focusing on the members of the McLeod family and their acquired friends, Three Junes explores relationships over time and tries to answer questions about What is family?Highly recommended.
Immediately involving from the start and cleverly linear. The time travel elements are consistent enough that the reader should have little trouble believing in Claire and Henry's world. I was most affected and drawn into the plot's fatalistic elements. Basically, Henry knows he can't change what has happened and what will happen even if he tries, and you believe him.
A novel that's better than a textbook on love. It teaches us to lift the label and stereotype of love by helping us understand why we need relationships and avoiding harsh judgement of the human needs of others.Read it with Corelli's Mandolin and The Maytrees.
Once again James Patterson is on fire w/his writing. Here is another book that if your a James Patterson fan will enjoy.And ya know what? Even if you or you know someone who is not familiar w/his writing, I would pick up any copy of his books & start reading & watch how fast you become a James Patterson Fan!!!
I have to say first I did not know that Steadman was a writer. This book was very well written, as well as inspiring. I think that the book is a good read when you need your spirits lifted from a job loss or turned down for a promotion. I also think its a great motivational tool to use in your daily life. He writes very honest and from his thoughts but the book will make you think and encourage you to set up your own tools for you to succeed as well. Great book cannot wait to see whats next.
If someone to ask me which were the two best books I have read in the past ten years, this book would come first to mind.  My only regret is she hasn't really written any new novels since.  This was a wonderful book.  It is moving, adventursome and romantic to boot.
I bought this book for a friend who is applying to graduate school, and ended up reading it myself out of curiosity and found it a pleasure to ready (It is probably not the best book for graduate school applications, but it would still be useful for the personal statement part of a graduate school application. ). It was a pleasure to read, and it was informative - I had no idea what colleges were looking for and that colleges would find acceptable (even desirable) the example essays provided. The author tells stories and presents anecdotes to make his point, and I found this to be effective. Highly recommend.
Sometimes this is exactly the kind of book I want--quick, almost random, reading, but not shallow fluff.I really like this author's style. He's not New Agey, nor does he limit himself to traditional Zen content.The quote selections by topic are just excellent, but some of my favorite stuff is in the author's short topic introductions.Great wisdom, not sappy, and lots of variety so you can find the kind of wisdom or inspiration you're looking for at particular times.
The Angeluzzi-Corba family with its central character Lucia Santa, battles against 'unfortunate' hardships to preserve her strong Italian values. Lucia Santa believes the family is continually punished; yet it is the survival through these difficulties that is both 'fortunate' and touching.I enjoyed this story, both for its characters and subtle plot.
My son is almost 21 months old, and he is positively addicted to Biscuit!  As many reviews attest, the Biscuit books would be wonderful for beginning readers, but they are also great for toddlers just learning how to string sentences together. My son now asks us to "curl up" with him, tell us that "Biscuit wants a big hug" and has even named his favorite stuffed puppy "Biscuit."  We read this book (and the two others we have) nearly every night;  they're short, they're simple, and they're adorable.  Definitely a good investment.
Very cool book - enjoyable and easy to read and quite astounding in it's message. Africa is a huge export market and it's growing daily. For instance, this book points out that 90% of Nigerians have never been inside a cinema... just think of the market there for multiplex screens... Anyone serious about Africa should probably read this book then buy an air ticket.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
Actually enjoyed this book quite a bit more than i expected to. I had read an American Tragedy and did not enjoy the read at all. This one had a few advantages over that one. 1- it is only about half as long 2- it has a theater twist and 3- was in a Lit analysis class as i was reading it and it was fun to see what each critical approach (feminist, marxist, psychoanalytic, and formalist) brought out in the book. Dreiser is a thorough enough author that reading this book through any lens  brings new issues and view points to the surface. It would be fine to read just straight through, in fact still enriching and enjoyable, but for a good book to read with literary theory in mind or write a paper on this is a good one to choose...
This is a classic book that should still be required reading for students as well as adults that want to think for themselves.This timeless truths are still relevant today!
One of my all-time favorite authors who never disappoints me.  This is not my first time reading "Raise High the Roof Beam, Carpenters" but it is the first time that I noticed the quotation in the front of the book which explains the title.I did not experience J. D. Salinger's work until I returned to college as an adult but as soon as I read one of his short stories I was hooked. I am not a particular fan of the short story but I own most of Salinger's and read them over again every few years.  His stories of the Glass family continue to intrigue me and reading the recent biography of Salinger added to my fondness for these stories.  I just sent my copy of "Frannie and Zooey" to my grandson.  He is fourteen, reads at the college level and it is hard for me to find books that I like and think will interest him.I highly recommend this book for readers from teenagers to retirees like me.
How to make money with Social Media, an insider's guide on using new and emerging media to grow your business by Jamie Turner and Dr. Reshma Shah is a timely book as we move forward into new and more exciting social media marketing, networking and growth.  I am involved in social networking across the board and have found it is a viable way to expand your brand, reach and make more sales using these social websites.  This book can help anyone with networking, marketing and creating an expert status for themselves if they follow the steps in this book.This book will help you professionally create a social media marketing campaign that you can follow just like a business or marketing plan, that can help you to achieve success.  Just like with anything else, if you don't have a plan your chances of failing are much higher.This book sets a specific road map for setting your objectives, creating strategies that will work for your specific business model, and integrating social media into your marketing plan, measuring results and much more.  You will learn with at the most common mistakes are and how to avoid them, this alone is worth the price of the book!
I've read this novel twice, first years ago, before I'd had any real understanding of Jungian depth psychology, and then years later, after doing a lot of intensive self-directed reading into Jung (take a look at one of my listmanias if you're thinking of becoming an analysand); and I've also lived a lot more since that first reading. These two things--life experience and exposure to the personal and collective unconscious--have greatly deepened my appreciation of this novel. D. wrote Fifth Business in his sixties, and as such is able to imbue his work with all the myriad little insights that go into building a slim novel of considerable breadth and depth. All the major archetypes are at play here, with the focus being on the Great Mother, as well as the mother-complex. The Shadow, though, reigns over it all.
This is one of the best books I've read this decade, and it will probably be one of very few that I read again. The novel was crafted so meticulously that multiple readings could only benefit the reader.A difficult task for any author is to put their reader firmly in a time and place. If you're writing a book that takes place in Chicago in 2007, it might be helpful to know that Mayor Daley is making a bid on the 2016 Olympics, and most Chicagoans have an opinion about it. Music is also important to anchor the time. Jordin Sparks just won American Idol; Jennifer Hudson, an American Idol contestant from Chicago who came in seventh place in Season 3, recently won an Oscar for her performance in Dreamgirls. Sports: the Chicago Bulls fell short of their bid to return to the Eastern Conference finals, eliminated by the Detroit Pistons 4 games to 2.That's the tip of the iceberg, and it's only the barest of information for one place, and one time - Chicago, May 2007. Audrey Nifenegger wrote of two places, and so many different times I lost count. Imagine the research she did. She provided us with music from many different "times", and as the story spanned decades, ever-changing Chicago neighborhoods (where once there was a restaurant, now there is a ...). I can imagine that at times she herself lost track of where and when she was, feeling much like a lost-in-time traveler herself.But if she ever did become lost, I know that she found her way, because she led me expertly through the ever changing lives and times of Clare and Henry, and never let me go for a second. I always knew where I was, and what was at stake. All events had corollaries, and that in itself is a marvel. No scene of Henry from the past was left without a follow-up scene (at some point) of Henry in the future (or present, depending on your view). And many were *loaded* scenes - dramatic tension points necessary in a story that doesn't follow the typical mold of "this action leads to that action, which leads to this, which leads to that, which leads to a climax..." Along the way, we watch characters grow in real time, in reversed time, but again - we're never confused because Nifenegger refuses to allow that to happen. Her language, her prose, was gorgeous and evocative - she not only nailed Chicago with events, and the different times with music, but she gave us tactile impressions. When Henry was having Christmas dinner with Clare's parents, we tasted the Thompson turkey. I nearly got out of bed at 1:00 a.m. and made my way to the nearest grocery store for some deli turkey meat. (I'm not kidding.) Nifennegger made me hungry, she made me happy, she made me sad, she made me cry, and she filled me with joy - even at the saddest moments.She also handled two narrative voices with surprising ease. The story is told from the viewpoint of both Clare and Henry - which makes it infinitely more fascinating - and when the viewpoints were from Clare as a 6-year old, she crafted the thoughts and structured her sentences so that they felt appropriately childlike.As all good writing must, this was chock full of details. I knew the characters and their homes - I could probably draw a floor plan of Clare's parent's house. But it also knew when enough was enough. Henry made a comment to Clare while they were discussing something of great import (more to Clare), and in my mind I pictured how Henry would be standing. His hands would be here, his lips pursed, perhaps an eye squinting in thought. Then I thought - wait, did the author give me any information about Henry's posture? I didn't think so. I went back, and sure enough - it was just Henry's comment. This is what I found to be significant: the author gave us gobs and gobs of details, but knew when not to give us details. That is true artistry.As a guy (er, caveman), I wasn't sure if I would relate to this book. It was written by a woman, the title is The Time Traveler's *Wife*. Chick Lit. It sat on my shelf for a long time before I finally picked it up. Apparently, I haven't been as in touch with my feminine side as I thought, because if I were, no such nonsense would have kept me away from this. (I read The Namesake five months ago, for crying out loud.) I say this so that if a guy is reading this review, don't worry. It's not "chick lit" that you won't get. You'll get it. And you'll love it. Over and over.
I could have done without the first section of this book (about the first 90 pages). The author essentially informs the reader that his/her lack of proper and appropriate parenting is the root of any and all of is/her adult troubles. The other thing that I dislike is the author's arrogance. At one point he even says that according to his definition he is practicing psychotherapy all the time and therefore feels it ok to bend and break ethical guidelines. Professionals are supposed to follow a code of ethics...that is what separates professions from other jobs. Another annoyance is the author's apparent need to show off his extensive vocabulary. Yeah, that's great that you went to school for 8 years but who gives a f*ck if you know words that are not commonly used.Having said that...The latter parts of this book are amazing!! I especially like the ending dealing with the subject of grace. The author presents practical knowledge, with examples, of how grace can work in everyday living. I also enjoyed the section on love, in which the author points to the illusion of romantic love and explains how 'falling in love' is nothing more than a fantasy that inevitably fades away. The structure of the book is perfect, an English professor would love it. Mr. Peck states and supports his opinions very clearly and for the most part, he presents opposing points of view as well.If you can get past the wordiness and the first 90 pages, then you will find some very useful and encouraging information.
She was a great french writer who had her love life with sartre,I admire her she was very independant woman even when she had a lover they lived separated ,they were filosophers.Good representer of women.
One of the best python books I've read-- topped only by Python Bible 2.1.  Core Python Programming is a great resource dealing with the main language and many modules.
Six sigma is a quality system that has helped world class companies save millions and gain costumer. It was brought into fame by the legendary Jack Welch during his years at General Electric.This book is a practical implementation guide and the companion for "The sis sigma way: How GE, Motorola, and other top companies are honing their performance". Buy this book if you are already involved in a sis sigma initiative in your organization, either as a black belt, green belt, or champion. If you are looking for an introduction to fundamentals an systems implementation, you may do better with "The sis sigma way: How GE, Motorola, and other top companies are honing their performance", which is a comprehensive self-help guide to adapting and using the six sigma system under various conditions. Half of the book focuses on implementation through a detailed and flexible five-step "road map", filled with practical directions.Either if you are looking to solve an specific process problem, or want to implement six sigma company wide, both books will help you develop a method that fits the specific needs of your company or organization.
My doctor actually had me read this when I was first diagnosed. Very good information written for people like me who don't speak in medical jargon. My doctor knows Dr Phelps and stands behind the research. I highly recommend this to anyone who has bipolar 2 and is looking for more information and advice to deal with the illness.
I am finding this book extremely challenging.  Mostly, the problem is the huge number of new concepts.  I would strongly recommend this book for the young math, (hard)science, or, perhaps?, engineering student/20 something.  If you have not encountered quantum mechanics or complex analysis before, this probably ain't the place to start.  As most know, freshman calculus is mostly memorization and skill training akin to puzzle solving. It bears little in common with mathematical thought in the early 21st Century.  This book plunges you into that thought stream as Penrose believes it applies to "reality".  As someone who always wondered about the asides my textbook authors made when talking about path integrals, spin quantum numbers, or separable equations, I find this book illuminating - if only I were 20 or 30 years younger so the new concepts would sink in faster... Anyway, it is not for the layman - I'd say that if you're unfamiliar with the names Godel, Dirac, Cantor, Leibnitz, Heisenberg then you will probably find this book a huge travail.If those names have a passing familarity and you'd like to see the "road" then this might be the ticket.  For me this book is like a spotlight on a dark and murky night.  Things directly under the beam are well lit, but quickly fade from sight as the light moves on down the road...  I would especially recommend this book to the polymath and the 14 year old college freshman (or 16 yr old college dropout for that matter).  What wonders you may find.
East of Eden follows the story of a family that covers four generations, starting in New England and ending up in the Central Californian Coast. Steinbeck does a masterful job of painting a complete and visceral picture of the Salinas Valley in the early 1900s. The gorgeous pastoral landscape. The way of life, from the farmers who tilled the fields to businessmen riding into the fields in their Fords. Even the detailed steps it takes to start one of those old Fords is written with such painstaking detail, that you really get inside the heads of his characters, hearing their voices and experiencing the world through their senses. In a lot of ways, the Central Coast still looks the same, and to read a book like East of Eden gives a rich and poignant perspective of what it was like a hundred years ago.Two of the characters in the book especially stand out to me. The first is Cathy Ames. Cathy represents some of the ways that Steinbeck falls short. In many ways, she represents what men fear. She is murderous and uses her sexuality as a weapon. She ends up running a brothel, where she takes photographs of powerful men in Salinas in compromised positions that she saves in a safe deposit box in case she ever wants to blackmail them. As she grows old, she's painted less as a person and as more of a caricature, she spends her time sitting in a room with walls that are painted grey. Her hands grow knobby and grotesque with arthritis. She's difficult to relate to, she doesn't have any redeeming traits that help us as readers understand why she acts the way she does. And when she drinks, Steinbeck goes a little over the top, putting her in an uncontrollable rage where she hones in on the specific fears of the people she's with, destroying their character from within. She's less less than human, foil to everything that's honest and hardworking in the book. A manifestation of evil.On the other hand, there's Lee, a Chinese-American with an incredible back story, also steeped in Californian history, as he's brought over from China as the son of railroad workers. One of the amazing things about Lee is how carefully Steinbeck crafts his character at a time when a majority of the American public would not have been so sensitive. This book was written in 1952; because of the Chinese exclusion act of 1882, Chinese immigrants weren't given the same opportunities as other immigrants until 1965. What's more, Steinbeck explores what it was for Lee to live in his own skin as kind of a paradox, illustrating the idea of double consciousness from a uniquely Chinese American point of view. The people around him as an uneducated Chinese immigrant, when in reality he's an American Citizen and a University of Californian graduate. As a Chinese American, this is something that even today I can relate to. Lee is portrayed in a fair and believable light, and in many ways is the moral backbone of the novel.With a two-part movie on the way staring Jennifer Lawrence, I'm curious to see how this 700-page novel is going to be condensed into several hours of screen time, and what they'll omit in the transition from page to silver screen. Whatever the case, East of Eden is a beautifully written book, that despite it's flaws, captures a time in California's history that's gone but not forgotten.
This is both timeless and timely on all levels. This book opens heart and mind to the true adventure we are experiencing on earth. Live the lessons and you will enjoy a full life continously unfolding. The journey is the journey. Again as in his first two books Redfield is ahead of his time. The wisdoms, insights and teaching back up and illuminate the experiences and information that has been coming through about ourselves and the earth in this time.
Normally, books or movies don't make me cry but this American classic novella by John Steinbeck brought tears to my eyes. The relationship between small George and big dumb Lennie was complicated. George looked after Lennie and I could only imagine his horror in making a decision that would affect both their lives in the end of the novel.The writing is Steinbeck's style. It can be descriptive and detailed about life in California. He uses actual dialect in his writing. This book is used in schools obviously to introduce students to Steinbeck's writing style and plot.The story of Lennie and George is about friendship and family ties. Sometimes, you don't need to be with actual relatives. George promised to take care of Lennie, the lovable giant. Anyway, this book is short and not an easy read. I found the book to be entertaining and enlightening but also tragic, sad, and realistic too.
This book is very well written. It describes Caroline's and her siblings time in the new town of Concord. There is also a drastic epidemic that rips through the community of Concord, and several of members of the Quiner family grow quite ill. There are also several of other obstacles and points that challenge this young family.
Time after time steinbeck has been able to tell a story and capture my attention with great words which flow off the pages. Mice and men is a great story of two men and their lot in life. You'll laugh and cry as you read this tale. And it will challenge you to ask questions you never though were there to ask.
Conventional wisdom is that organizational change must be slow and incremental. However, Luke Williams argues that slow change will only cause organizations to lag behind, whereas disruptive thinking results in innovation. This book is not just about theory. Williams provides practical steps about how to disrupt your thinking, generate new and unique ideas, organize them into opportunities, and then pitch them to others. He also gives plenty of case studies to illustrate his points.Most change, Williams argues, is not different enough from the status quo to make much of a difference. Usually "change" involves giving a product a different color or other slight change. A truly disruptive and creative change involves something more profound. One major example he provides is the paint can, which Dutch Boy revolutionized with its "Twist and Pour" can, a plastic, easy-to-carry, container with a spout. It seems obvious, but why did it take the paint industry this long to give us a paint can that does exactly what consumers want? Part of the problem is that decision-makers in an industry are often slow to change, change only when addressing a problem, or are simply running on inertia. These types of change are simply not good enough in 2011 when the next competitor is innovating.While I am not going to summarize the entire process here, Williams provides a step by step process to disrupt. Let me provide a few examples of his method using education. Part of the process involves searching for accepted cliches ("kids go to school for 6 hours straight") and then challenging them ("what if kids learned the material in 3 hours?" "what if kids went to school when they wanted to?"). Williams also encourages observing the way consumers operate in the context of using a product, coming up with insights about this ("adults don't learn very well when being taught something for 6 hours, so why would kids?"), and then looking for opportunities ("why not start an online school so kids can learn when it is convenient for them and their parents?"). He also explains how to craft a disruptive change, emphasizing that change for change's sake isn't a great thing, and how to pitch a new idea.Overall I liked this book.  Most of us are conditioned to avoid change and stay with the status quo (for example, look how non-conformist ideas get treated in most homes, schools, etc), and only make change slowly and when necessary. Many companies will resist disruptive change at every level. However, companies and individuals that are successful often make positive, disruptive changes that distinguish them from the competition. Sadly, most people just don't know how to generate truly new ideas, which is why the idea generation portion of this book is so amazing. I plan on introducing disruptive thinking into my 9-5 job, as well as my side business. I have always been an "idea" guy that likes to disrupt old ways of thinking; now I have a step-by-step way to do it.
This is an astonishing book, a spellbinder like today's mysteries, but with a social conscience.  And the ending, wow, a shocker.  We read it in California as a One State, One Book choice around 2002.  Great choice to introduce people to a writer who wrote many of the best books of the 20th century.
I am a professor teaching Java in a state University. This is by far the best Java textbook I can find. Is it perfect? No. I can write a better one but it may take years of effort. The problem of this book is that it covers too many topics that cannot be comprehened by students. The audience of this book is college freshman. If you are a professional who already knows programming (with c or other language), I suggest you to buy Just Java 2 or Core Java 2 instead. If you know nothing about programming, this book is for you.This book is just too expensive for poor college students. I would suggest the authors to divide it into too books, with one focusing on language and another one on advanced topics. The whole content cannot be taught in one semester. Yes the figures are color and look good, but you paid $$$ for that color!
When it comes to books, I always give a second try. I give another  &quot;chance&quot; to the authors I didn't like when I read the first time.  That's the case of Michael Crichton.After watching lots of  wonderful movies based on his screeplays and books, I tried to read  &quot;AIRFRAME&quot;. What a disaster! Didn't like the book. But then time  passed and TIMELINE came. So I thought: the subject (time travel) is cool,  the plot seem interesting, then why not try to read it? I bought it and  started reading it the same night. When I glanced at my wristwatch, it was  midnight, I had read more than 120 pages and didn't want to go to sleep!Even being a little complicated sometimes (not the plot itself,  but the explanations he gives for the things that happen, too tecnical) the  book is a wonderful entertainment and make you wish for much more. The  characters are well developed, the plot is very well-written and you soon  find out that Michael Crichton isn't probably the best author out there,  but he certainly has something good to offer.That's why it  makes TIMELINE a great reading. Buy it, start reading, and be prepared to  be hooked by this wonderful story!Marco Aurelio.
Have always loved it--this purchase was for re-reading. It's a classic, doesn't need a good review from me, although it obviously deserves it.  Has led me into other books about Salinger the person. What an odd bird he was!
This was an absolutely fantastic book where Coyle compiled extensive research into a concise, extremely clear and entertaining guidebook that describes powerfully how talent is made. I believe this is a breakthrough book that will help dispel the popular but flawed notions that talent is simply a product of genetics + environment.Anyone who is a coach or performer will benefit tremendously from this work. Coyle reports that he spent two years traveling and researching the book, and its clear that his efforts benefit the reader with an excellent summary of what could become an overly complex topic. There is a bit of topic crossover with Malcolm Gladwell's Outliers, but I believe this book is better. Some of Gladwell's premises seem to be pulled out of thin air and then an argument constructed to support them (eg - similar birthdates of top hockey players giving them an advantage by being older in the youth age divisions is a weak argument in my opinion). Coyle engages in no such shortcuts. He explains the theories methodically and refraining from making editorial conclusions that are not supported with enough research or expert commentary.I do agree that Coyle has glossed over the importance of some genetic factors, both physical and mental, in favor of highlighting the development of myelin in the nervous system as the end all to becoming talented. There are people that can pick up a golf club or tennis racquet and become competent immediately, owing to remarkable and rare genetic gifts. And there are people who can received detailed instruction, practice deeply as detailed in the book, and hit an performance ceiling lower than they hope.Similarly, the discussion of "Ignition" - igniting the passion to engage in Deep Practice, focuses on environmental factors like coaches, being surrounded by successful people, being low in the birth order or having traumatic circumstances like death or parent to "drive" one to achieve. I think some of this is reaching just to advance a theory...There are plenty of only children, eldest siblings, and kids with privileged backgrounds who have high "Ignition". Look at Kobe Bryant for one. Nevertheless, the entertainment value of the work is excellent and provocative, even if you may have a counter-opinion.This book comes on the heels of another Coyle book I greatly enjoyed, "Lance Armstrong's War" from 2005.
Such a good book, a nurses life was so much more difficult during that time, a great story you should read.
My sister read Who's A Pest to her four boys when they were young. She gave the book to my grandson as her boys were grown up. The book ended up going through all of my grandkids and finally fell apart from loving use. This year my sister was blessed with her first grandchild. I was thrilled to find a copy of the book so our newest little one can laugh at Homer and his adventures.
A great insight into Icelandic history and especially it's society make these books much,much more than another Nordic noir series. Great detailed narratives with in depth characterisation. The writing and translation are first rate. This particular book deals with a period from the late 1950's to the late 1960's, the height of the Cold War and it's impact on young idealistic students pulled between ideals and the harsh realities of the era.
This was an incredibly strange book; the word strange perhaps being an understatement. This book stays with you after you read it, buried somewhere beneath the surface, which I'm assuming is a phenomenal accomplishment for a novel, but ultimately off-putting for the leisure reader.Don't be mistaken; I thoroughly enjoyed reading this novel. The characters were remarkably real and absolutely unreal at the same time.  It's an incredible book in the way that it makes you feel so flabbergasted afterwards, but also leaves the reader slightly disconnected from this odd reality McEwan has fashioned.
Patterson always knows how to keep your Interest.  I have never pricked up a book of his that I didn't enjoy.
'Of Mice and Men' was written in 1937 by John Steinbeck. To me, one of his finest works.The setting is in the Gabilan mountain area of western California and although no specific dates are mentioned, probably around the time of the great depression. The two main protagonists are George and Lennie, two drifters that travel the area looking for seasonal work at harvest time. George is a small cunning man while Lennie is giant of a man, but with the mind of a child. Their wandering lifestyle is fueled by their dreaming about better days ahead and having their own place...as Lennie puts it, "Can you imagine such a place, living off the fat of the lan'?". However their future is about to drastically change in ways they can never suspect (or understand) and the dream is about to be shattered forever.Subjectively, I loved it all; the finest of writing, that not only features exquisite  descriptive passages of barns, horses and of lazy, late summertime afternoons, but also the unique characters that go into making this depression era tale. And although the book is really just a longer, short story (just over 100 pages in length) it is the ever-so subtle increasing tension coupled with the real personalities, that makes this wonderful novel so hard to put down.If any complaint, it would be that the tale is so short; it's all over almost as soon as it's begun.  However, it's quality over quantity.  Easily, 5 Stars.Ray Nicholson
Before the internet, before Google, before Amazon we had the Sears & Roebuck catalog, the Encyclopedia Britannica, public libraries. And before Google Maps & Google Earth, Americans could purchase satellite photographs of almost anywhere in the world from their government.Tuva or Bust is the story of how, during the cold war, world famous Nobel Prize winning American physicist Richard Feynman decided he wanted to go to an obscure and remote region of the U.S.S.R. Remember that in those days, travel within the U.S.S.R. was restricted. It was difficult even for Russians to go there unless they had some sort of official reason for going. Foreigners wanting to wander around the country found it impossible to get permission.One evening with his friend Ralph Leighton (the author of this book) Feynman started pouring over maps. They came across a city called Kyzyl and decided that a place name spelled with two "y"s and a "z" had to be interesting and they decided to go there.They researched the place in libraries, they sent to the US government for satellite photos, and from these they started mapping out the streets and buildings. They began a correspondence with locals. Finally they applied for permission to travel there.Being a famous scientist, Feynman knew he could easily get permission to visit the U.S.S.R. and that, ironically in a supposedly classless society, he be treated like royalty. He also knew that he'd have to agree to several lectures and to meet prominent Soviet scientists and officials. And he also knew that a faceless bureaucrat could at any moment during his tour, cancel his visit to his real desired destination. He did not want that. He just wanted to go to Tuva. So he challenged himself to get there but without agreeing to any quid pro quo. That meant he wanted to go there exclusively as a private citizen.Tuva or Bust is an excellent posthumous follow up to Feynman's two autobiographies. Written in exactly the same tone and with the same style, it's also more focused on a single episode of Feynman's life.A charming and fun little book.Vincent Poirier, Tokyo
In college macroeconomics class we were assigned "Only Yesterday", a book about the Great Depression, as a primer about financial crisis. This book is of a similar vein, and does an excellent job documenting what happened, and to a lesser extent, why. Even after spending most of my professional life in banking and the mortgage banking I learned a few things here and there.I also like that he offers some specific recommendations at the end of the book targeted at preventing a similar crisis from reoccurring. Unfortunately, as we shall soon find out, he fails to generalize his recommendations so, for example, he does not see predatory lending as a specific issue in the broader context of usury law. I also think some of his recommendations are a bit optimistic. Unless we are willing to do on a national scale what Magic Johnson Enterprises did in educating prospective homeowners, there is little hope that well educated, well dressed loan officers, presenting well practiced sales pitches, will be overcome by personal restraint.(Interestingly, MJE did NOT put people into WaMu's toxic OPTION ARMS. Perhaps that training represents a useful template to be emulated and rolled out on a national level. Too bad The Donald is more interested in duping people than educating them with his tacky late-night sales pitches)I think it almost a certainty that we will have another calamity when people who are out of work begin defaulting on credit cards that have been stripped of any sane restrictions. In a Bush Administration sell-out to financial giants, while personal bankruptcy laws were toughened, usury laws are no longer federal, so now large credit card issuers can shop for friendly states like S, Dakota, who changed their state usury laws to allow the charging of ridiculous rates, in order to attract large employers to a small state. I guess Zandi would rather work on the text of his next book, than think on a larger, more general scale.All-in-all, this is a great read and something to save for generations to come. Those that don't learn from history are doomed to repeat its mistakes.
Everyone is familiar with Toyota as a brand.  Some are aware of the Toyota manufacturing process.  Being aware of the process is not being familiar and being familiar does not imply one is conversant with how it really works.  Along comes Jeffrey Liker (The Toyota Way) and Gary Convis with The Toyota Way to Lean Leadership filling any gaps in our understanding.  Importantly, Liker and Convis use a narrative approach to presenting their material.  They use multiple examples and anecdotes to illustrate the concepts they are reporting.  Their use of vignettes to describe how lead leadership works, certainly nourishes the reader's understanding.  Readers interested in manufacturing, Japanese culture, leadership, adult education, and other related topics will find this volume most informative.  There is no need to be an engineer, Liker and Convis make the topic readily available to the general reader.
this work has no need for my review.
This was a great book. Disturbing and thought-provoking in similar ways as 1984 or Animal Farm, but with far deeper sexual and political narratives. Written from the perspective of a handmaid in the Republic of Gilead, a not-too-improbable futuristic society, in which women's rights, freedoms and liberties are completely stripped in the name of the "greater political good." Read it, it'll make you think!
I loved this little book and hated for it to end.  The characters are brilliant, the dialogue perfect.There are several reviews on amazon that summarize the story beautifully.My meager attempt will be to say the plot centers around a young budding writer spending a couple days at the home of a writer he idolizes.  The elder writer's wife and his young adoring assistant who thinks (?) she is Anne Frank are also in residence and add  fascinating voices to the story.This book absolutely blew me away and I can  hardly wait to get my hands on another Philip Roth.Highly recommend.
Shopper Intimacy is one of the better business books for Kindle that I have seen FT Press release in the past month or so.  The authors of the book are extremely talented in their field and have a lot of real-world experience that is demonstrated throughout: Dick Blatt has worked specifically within the area of retail marketing for numerous years, and that experience helps to illustrate many of the books points.The authors provide a wealth of information to anyone interested in the subject of marketing within the retail sphere.  First the authors discuss the use of data in targeting a specific segment of society that you either: (a) know is your target audience (as an aside: the authors argue persuasively that you must know your target audience before any of their practical solutions can be used, which while general knowledge, is not always well heeded) or (b) learn which target audience actually purchases the most in your store.  Retail stores are now able to comb through a phenomenal amount of data obtained via credit cards, user surveys, and VIP cards that track every purchase, demographic, location, etc.  Using this data, the authors discuss the segmentation process itself, and outline the different types of shoppers.  The second portion of the book was the most interesting to me: it covers a plethora of information about the psychology of shopping, and how that relates to marketing.  The last three sections of the book roughly attempt to put together the learning from the first two sections practically: now that you know your segmentation and the way shoppers in your segment buy, how do you apply that to your marketing?  How do you integrate all of your different forms of marketing: agencies, in-store, circulars, etc, to have one consistent plan?  And last, how do you measure the effects of your marketing to make sure you are on the correct track?As you can tell, there is an almost overwhelming amount of information contained in this book.  If you are a marketing professional or a decision maker with a retail store, this is a fantastic book for you.  There is one significant draw-back, however: unless you are intimately familiar with industry buzz words and jargon, you may often miss the author's points because they use an unending litany of jargon.  The caption itself provides an example of this: "A Practical Guide to Leveraging Marketing Intelligence to Drive Retail Success" instead of, say "How to use common data to increase sales."  Here are some more examples from the book:"The rapid adoption of transformative technologies amplifies the demographic trends...""The inter-related strands of shopper diversification and empowerment, mass media implosion, and retail maturation converging at a time of great economic distress creates a major inflection point..."While each of these sentences is not confusing on its own, sentence after sentence with jargon and unnecessarily large/ambiguous words easily distract the reader.  This is truly a shame because the authors have provided some extremely useful information and insights.  If you are able to get past the distracting verbage and word-choice, this book will help you think critically through your retail marketing strategy and effectiveness.
Maeve Binchy is one of my all time favorite authors and I will miss herwriting!  Her characters are always interesting, quirky and true-to-life.Love the way problems are solved so that life can resume.
This is a very useful book about the financial crisis. It is written in three parts. The first explains banking, financial products, and financial markets. This is necessary background for understanding what happened. Imagine try to understand WWI without any grounding in European politics and colonial expansion of the late 19th and early 20th century. Can't be done. I've read several books on the financial crisis and they focus mainly on events and personalities. They are fun to read, but in the end I knew very little about how the crisis came to be.The second part is an account of what happened in the financial crisis. The author is brief and to the point. Little embellishment of personalities or drama. Indeed, he hardly mentions anybody's name; just the facts.The third part is why did it happen. He lists causes (things that made it happen) and contributing factors (things that made it worse, but did not necessarily cause it). He explains why he selected causes and factors and explains why he thinks some popular scapegoats are not significant. I thought he was balanced and fair.The book is only 220 pages of large print on small pages plus an epilogue and an appendix. There are parts in the main text that are shaded and explain financial products (e.g. credit default swaps, collateralized debt obligations, etc), financial statements, banking rules, and other technical details. People familiar with banking can skip these explanations making the book even shorter.Complaints? some of the shaded explanations were not adequate. There were a couple of times that I went to Wikipedia and some things I did not understand until I got someone to explain.I've read about 5 books on the meltdown. This is the one I plan to keep.
Nesbo is a fine writer and spinner of a tale. This novel is several cuts above the average crime mystery and left me anxious to read his next book.
In this interesting and amusing novel by author/actor Stephen Fry, a drunken, embittered, washed-up, formerly-respected writer goes to visit old friends at a large country estate at the behest of someone who's asked him to look into the puzzling claim that miracles are being worked there. Stephen Fry does an excellent job of narrating the audiobook--a very engaging performance. What I found surprising about my reaction to the book was that although I disliked most of the main characters (they're more than just flawed--they're pretty repellant in their various ways) I nonetheless found them enjoyable and compelling. The book is occasionally shocking and often scathingly funny, and I liked being taken out of my comfort zone at numerous times here by a skilled author (and skilled narrator). I was also surprised that, despite my initial reaction to Ted (the lead character) as a witty but nasty, obnoxious lech, I became quite fond of this character by the end of the book--and although he changes a bit by the end of the book, it's not THAT much, certainly. Finally, because of some of the content, I really wouldn't recommend this for readers under 18.
Jo Nesbo must have enjoyed his visit to Sydney, Australia as he has filled his novel with good local references including cultural references. As a Sydneysider, I appreciated that he liked my city, and I guess others might find the Sydney scene exotic and interesting just as I enjoy reading novels set in LA or NY. Harry Hole (pronounced Hooley) is also a new detective with interesting character flaws and I look forward to following his furthere adventures.  And as detective novels since Agatha Christie have done, you are presented with a tortuous plot and many red herrings.  A good read.  And if you think you want to follow the  Harry Hole series, read this one first as later books contain plot spoilers.
Very detailed.. So detailed that it will over load your brain. It helped me out a lot but I would recommend just sticking with the Islam, Judaism, Christianity, and the other major religions that the exam covers. I read the whole book and compared it to the exam, the majority of those indigenous religions that are outline and detailed in the book wont pop up on the exam. So, don't waste your time if you are using this book as study guide for the exam.
Though "Brideshead Revisited" may be his best known work, nothing conveys Waugh's sense of the world better than "The Sword of Honour" trilogy.His sacramental view of earthly reality is best expressed in a memorable exchange between Guy Crouchback, the book's protagonist, and an obviously overwhelmed Anglican minister."... Do you agree," [Guy] asked earnestly, "that the Supernatural Order is not something added to the Natural Order, like music or painting, to make everday life more tolerable? It is everyday life.  The supernatural is real; what we call 'real' is a mere shadow, a passing fancy.  Don't you agree, Padre?""Up to a point." [said the Padre]Sadly, Alfred A. Knopf's Everyman's Library, a collection of books intended to preserve and popularize the classics of modern literature, isn't up to the task.  The binding is stiff and cheap, and the gold embossed lettering on the cover literally disintegrates in your hands.  I bought this book hoping it would last a lifetime, but I'll be lucky if it survives the coming year.Read Waugh for the tonic that he is, but avoid the Everyman's Library like the publishing plague that it is.
I love feeling as though I know Rome, and other bits of Italy, in Roman times as an ancient Roman!She really lets emerse myself.Dideus is such a wonderful, playful, &#34;fun Uncle&#34; of a fellow.The research, to get the Roman life, for the books is so appreciated!If only we were given such a book in school!
One of the most interesting and captivating non-fiction books I've ever read.  Being an Easterner this book made me just fall in love with the mountains of Wyoming and feel as though I've actually been there.  In fact felt as though I had actually walked amongst the people who live there.  So for the most part loved the book.Where I feel it fell down was in the last three chapters.  Spragg has a unique gift for balancing harsh reality and sensitivity to beauty at the same time.  I think he went a bit over the sensitivity line and into the boringly ephemeral in the third from last chapter "Wind".His last two chapters, where he intermingles his mother's cigarette smoking induced death by lung cancer with that of innocent creatures, whose plight was far from being self-induced, near death experiences made a reader like me end the book with a feeling of annoyance.
These essays, actually sketches and ruminations of DuBois', remain an enduring backdrop for the picture in which race in America is framed. At the end of each decade, they seem to continue emitting new pregnant meanings:During the decade of the 60s, when I first read the book, it seemed to be an open message to white America about the Negro: an appeal, as it were, that "the Negro was on the march," and that his main instrument of entering the American mainstream (his only secure dream) was his spiritual cadence and his deep and abiding faith in religion, and equally deep faith in the meaning of the American revolution, and in the American dream and its misapplied ideals. A warning was issued in the "parable of the Coming of John": a reckoning of this fractured meaning and it's implied promises inevitably had to occur.When I read it during the 70s, it seemed more like an interior dialogue between "Blacks," about "being constantly on the struggle against racism." It was especially a dialogue between the "uneducated and unsophisticated" on the one hand, and "the educated and sophisticated" (the "so-called "talented tenth"), on the other. But also it was a dialogue between the conservative forces of "compromise" that wanted to win by "turning the other cheek," and the more progressive and revolutionary forces who wanted to do so "by any means necessary." Yes, Martin and Malcolm were summoned up through DuBois' words in the same debate that had occurred two generations before between DuBois and Booker T. Washington. The words, but not the structure of the arguments, had changed. They were issued with the same degree of passion, and with the same unfortunate results: more promises, but powerful little "real progress," and then the murders of both Martin and Malcolm.Then when I read it in the 80s the meaning took on an entirely different character for me. I had watched DuBois' struggle at close range, as I had that of other black intellectuals and heroes, like Paul Roberson, Stokely Carmichael, Muhammad Ali, Dexter Gordon, Charlie Parker, Eldridge Cleaver, Huey Newton, etc. They all followed a pattern: the black heroes were either forced out of the country, or left voluntarily as DuBois, Cleaver and Stokely eventually did, or were jailed, deemed to be social outcasts, or killed.  Those remaining were co-opted and otherwise neutered: It became clearer and clearer that the "Souls of Black Folk" were not about black people after all, but, in relief, was just a mirror of the "dark troubled souls of white people."DuBois' little book now began to make sense: His references to Freud, to Marx, his most famous line "the problem of the color line," and of course his parable: "The Coming of John" all seemed to snap into perfect alignment: The Souls of Black Folks was no longer about blacks, but in relief, in its subtext, was about the tenacity and persistence of "white hatred, white fear, and white resistance", about the fear in the white heart: The problem of race, the problem of the color line was not about blacks at all, but was about white fear and resistance to the very thing they claim to cherish most: "freedom and equality."In the 90s this frightening new meaning of the "Souls of Black Folk" as a metaphor for white fear and resistance was being "filled-in" and confirmed: For instance, even though the language of race and racism had begun to change, (it now had a positive patina grafted on to it) but as was the case eight decades before, little else had changed. The resisters had circled their psychological wagons. Morally they had been forced into a defensive crouch if not back into the closet altogether, but they were far from going away: Through a new vocabulary of coded language, and the false civility of "political correctness," and "tokenism," a misappropriation of Dr. King's life and death, a feint back to rightwing religious ideology, by exaggerating non-existent racial progress, and through a whole repertoire of other reactionary stratagems, they were scrambling to make a determined comeback, a final desperate attempt to retain the old meanings.Now at the turn of the new millennium, even as it appears that our first Black (half white) President" might replace our most incompetent (all white) president, "The Souls of Black People," are again just a reflection of what is hidden in the white heart. Now it is hidden under the elusive and empty notion of "multiculturalism." In today's racial narrative, DuBois' black souls are: the "troubled inner city," with its statistics of horror, with its "at risk low-achieving children," its "high crime rates," "the troubled public schools," the "welfare mothers," and the "social meltdown" more generally.The souls of Black Folk have been fragmented and shredded down to nothing. In the mean while, its reflection, its doppelganger: the America's reactionary white forces, with their hatred and fear normalized in plain sight, are again on the march, winning as usual by fiat: They have succeeded in changing the scenery on "front street" so that there, America looks very much like racial progress would look if America ever decided to have any, but everything else in the background, on the back streets -- the context, the pretext, and the subtext of American racism -- remains exactly the same as it did in 1903.Five Stars
Five stars says I love it, and I do! It's easy to read and follow. I would recommend it anyone with the appropriate version of Inkscape.
I just finished the Kindle version of Mark's wonderful little book on Twitter. As one who is newly returning to an abandoned Twitter account and as one who has a new business to promote, this was a wonderful read. It gives the big picture of Twitter as well as numerous helpful details. I especially liked the suggestion to be "authentically helpful," as that resonates with what I do (which is consulting on research methodology and data analysis). I look forward to implementing his suggestions and seeing how things flourish. Thanks, Mark!
I liked this book very much. It has a very friendly personality and you feel like someone is sitting across the table talking you through some very important issues related to managing your money. So I give it 5 stars for a lot of actionable advice presented in a very enjoyable, personal style. I had not previously been familiar with the author's website but now I plan to visit it regularly.
No words can describe these harrowingly tragic, yet somehow touching memories of a Jewish child in a Nazi Germany, that contain so much grit, you find yourself spitting it out of your own mouth.  It was a time when humankind proved they could be monsters, and endless darkness and winter proved they could make a child's nightmares come come more vividly to life...
What can one say about James Patterson .....you either love his books or not. I personally do and this one did not disappoint, as another great story of Alex Cross.
I waited patiently  for this book to become an e-book, so I ended up looking for a good deal on a used copy.  I read the authors' two previous books on the wives and children of Henry VIII, so I had to read this too.  So far I find the queen to have been an amazing woman in her time,  and she was truly the king her father always wanted.  And five stars to the company that I purchased the book from.  The condition of the book is much better than I anticipated.
I think the author, whose bio lists her as a Senior Market Analyst and Broker, as well as a columnist for a leading trading magazine, has put together a pretty solid introduction to futures trading. Notice I use the term "futures" there rather than "commodities", though. The book title tends to reinforce the view that commodities and futures are the same thing. The markets were effectively the same thing for many years, but the advent of financial futures means commodities are in reality just one facet of the futures markets now. Gardner does not restrict herself to just commodities in her discussion of futures trading.That little terminology nitpick aside, like I said, it's a solid introductory book. One of its strengths is that Gardner spends more time than most talking about the brokerage side of things. It's something a lot of users are likely to benefit from as they make their own trading plan decisions.In standard introductory trading book fashion, the book also covers the usual material on market history, market structure, margin, terminology, instruments, order types, and prices/quotes. The author also has a good discussions on the subject of trading as a business and the emotional side of playing the markets.One of my little gripes about the book are that Gardner has a tendency at times to go off on streams of consciousness which take her away from the main point she's trying to make. At a couple of points she also mentions a more complex subject, suggesting that it need not be addressed at that point, but proceeds to talk further about it anyway. Those two items aside, though, I found the book to be well put together and a useful starting point for anyone looking at commodities/futures trading.
This is one book you must have in your j2ee collection or you can just forget it.  If you don't apply any of these patterns you are not going to have a designed system, much less a well designed j2ee system.  These guys have been through the dark and shed light on areas that we don't have to suffer through, like the back button browser solution.  Never thought you could solve that one on the back-end and be browser independent.  You want to know best practices, here it is, no other book comes close and within so few pages.  It's pricey all right, but you'll get all of that back in robust, maintainable code.  Can't beat it with a stick.
Another reviewer has written that the English translation of these stories pales besides the Russian original.  If that is so, I wish I could read Russian, because the stories in the English translation are among the best I have ever read.  This book, tales of life in the Soviet GULAG, stands shoulder to shoulder with Tadeusz Borowski's THIS WAY FOR THE GAS, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, which is composed of tales of life in Auschwitz, as the finest examples I have read of stories of man's inhumanity to man told in such an understated fashion that, once read, they are unforgettable.  Shalamov was a genius.
When a Facebook acquaintance posted a recommendation of this book, claiming it to be an excellent and quick read, I had to give it a go. It contains 20 years&#8217; worth (from 1949-1969) of letters of correspondence between spunky American author, Helen Hanff, and subdued British book seller, Frank Doel. When she learns of the store, she writes to ask that he track down a book, which leads to more (and more, and more) requests of titles that to modern day readers will probably range from very familiar to rather obscure. The neat thing is that she starts sending the book seller and his colleagues foodstuffs that are difficult to obtain in Britain at the time, as gifts, because of which, these persons begin corresponding with her as well. The part where she writes about wanting to visit reminded me of The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society, but reading on showed the differences (and, in fairness, this book is nonfiction and preceded TGLPPPS). The end surprised me because in my obliviousness, I had not realized that it was a true story and I didn&#8217;t think that an author would choose to end things in the way she did. And I&#8217;m sure she wished they hadn&#8217;t ended that way, but as they say, c&#8217;est la vie. In summary, 84 Charing Cross Road is a neat, entertaining read that contains an intriguing and eclectic list of prospective books for the reader. Also good: Ella Minnow Pea by Mark Dunn, TGLPPPS by Mary Ann Shaffer and Annie Barrows and Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury.
When we readers crack open a novel, for the purpose of education and enjoyment, we are clearly setting out to avoid yet another dumbing down process.  We don't want to approach it with a naivete similar to watching Bambi one too many times.  We do not want to try digesting something so detached from reality as an alchemist trying to find a way to manufacture gold from lead.  We want a solid, believable protagonist, no matter what direction that lead character may be coming from, and not surrounded by a group of supporting characters who all seem like they are only delivering pizzas to each other. In sum, none of us wishes to be merely taken for a ride down a cul-de-sac (a dead end). #####  With such a beautifully developed, totally "original" story, Mark Haddon's Curious Incident circumvents all these usual reader entrapments.  And, with style, grace, and charm.  Autism probing an emotional world.  Think about it. It's pioneering, speculative.  It's marvelous.  #####  Three cheers for such a refreshing breath of "originality."  May equally captivating themes emerge in force, and, in more future novels, snow us all under in a storm of such creative brilliance.
The Road Less Traveled is one of the better how to live your life books. It follows the new, positive psychology rather than the grim Freudian dictates. I especially like Dr. Peck's emphasis on holistic living&#8212;emphasizing that mental  and spiritual growth should happen concurrently. Another part which resonated with me was his distinction between love and dependency, and how two people who marry should go into the marriage as two distinct human beings. Also, people who truly love each other will care for the other's spiritual growth. What a great maxim to live by!
Russo's world is small-town America, a place that's hopeful, sad and oddly inviting. It's a place that will likely strike a chord with most every reader, regardless of where they grew up.  The characters here are interesting and find a way to be likeable despite their many flaws.  It's hard not to be swept in by the various storylines that ebb and flow throughout the novel.  In lesser hands, the petty rivalries and failed relationships of our protagonist, Donald Sullivan, aka &quot;Sully,&quot; wouldn't be so captivating.  But as any reader of Russo's novels knows, the author has a way with his characters.  Their dialogue is thoughtful and just witty enough not to be taken too seriously.  &quot;Nobody's Fool&quot; takes you to Russo's world.  And when you're finished reading this book, it's hard not to feel the urge to return for another visit.
Although Harvesting the Heart was one of the first books that Jodi Picoult had written, it was one of the last of her books that I read and I must say that it was just as great as all the others! I have fell in love with Jodi's writing and have yet to find another author that I enjoy as much as her. Her writing style stays the same throughout all of her books, but the story lines change. They aren't the classic love stories, but rather Jodi's books tell a story that we can all relate to. Jodi makes the characters in &quot;Harvesting the Heart so real. I found myself hating Nicolas for treating his wife the way he did. I found myself intrigued by Paige and her choices and talents. I couldn't help but laugh and cry with the characters in the book! If you loved "Harvesting the Heart" you will love any others written by Jodi Picoult.
This book is a little out-dated and would probably be more beneficial to an IT person than a regular John or Jane Doe.  I'm sure some of the techniques and problem solving tips can be found on-line.  I'm not sorry for the purchase, but I found some of the information to be overwhelming for what I needed it for.
This book was definitely not what I expected.I didn't know I was about to read Christopher's (a 15 year of boy with autism) story.That being said we follow Christopher on his adventure as he tries to figure out who killed the neighbors dog.  The book is written from his point of view and seems very simplistic but helps greatly with character development.  Although Christopher lacks basic "emotions", the book allows the reader to feel the emotions for him, and it works quite well.  The book has many heartfelt moments and a few good twists.Christopher is very good at 'maths' and includes diagrams and mathematical examples throughout his book.  Some of which are quite interesting.All in all an entertaining quick read.
An excellent book on the consultative sales process and large accounts sales which actually includes verifiable data and test results to back up the strategies taught in this book. I highly recommended SPIN Selling for any salesperson, particularly those dealing with large $ deals, c-level executives, and sales processes that are more detailed.
This is a great book to refer to almost any disease process. I really like Current Medical Diagnosis and Treatment better than Harrison's because I like the condensed material. However, this is a great book to gain a ton of knowledge. My professors sure do love it!
Simple and thought provoking. This books shows you that you are responsible for your own life, and that thinking it makes it so.
This is an excellent book. At first, the story reminded me a bit of the tv series Quantum Leap, except Henry is not out to solve problems/mysteries...he is just trying to survive. The love story is great and real. Henry and Claire are disappointed in each other sometimes, as all married people are, but still, and always, they love each other.
Steinbeck's writing style is fantastic, and this story lends itself to dicussion in high school classes. It's not overly complex, but the issues raised are limitlessly debatable. I didn't enjoy it quite as much as GRAPES OF WRATH because MICE doesn't have the same epic feel, but still it's a fantastic book that everyone should read at least once.
Eva Fraser's facial exercises can do for our faces what no cosmetic or plastic surgery can. These excellent exercises firm and tone the muscles in such a way that, only after a few weeks, a great improvement can be noticed. I started doing the exercises four years ago and have continued until today. I know I will never need cosmetic surgery, much less will I need to get a surgeon remove fat from my leg or stomach in order to use said fat to unnaturally "stuff" my face with it. [Yuck!]These exercises are easy to do and take no more than 7 minutes per day. Once the desired level is reached, the exercises can be done only three times a week. What could be better than having a natural, young-looking face by giving their lost tone back to our neglected facial muscles? What can be better than knowing that one's face looks GREAT because our facial muscles are firm, strong and healthy and have regained their youth?
&quot;Last Human&quot; is the third instalment in the Red Dwarf saga, picking up from where &quot;Better Than Life&quot; left off. While the first two books were collaborative efforts, this novel is a &quot;solo&quot; work by the Naylor half of that writing gestalt known as &quot;Grant Naylor&quot;.When the book begins Dave Lister, or rather &quot;a version&quot; of Dave Lister, has been sentenced to eighteen years Hard Thought in the penal colony Cyberia: eighteen years imprisoned in his own virtual hell. Hard Thought is a punishment where the prisoner's most dreaded fantasies  are made real. In Lister's case, being trapped in a world where neighbours  play Neil Diamond records full blast. That, and a whole lot of other nasty tortures.Meanwhile the Lister we know, along with Rimmer, Kryten, Cat and a recently resurrected Kristine Kochanski, are flying in Starbug towards the Omni-zone, the point in space where all the different realities converge. They are diverted from their course back to Red Dwarf when they come across a derelict craft: another Starbug. One where the crew have been slaughtered and Lister is missing.A dying version of Kochanski tells the others that someone took Lister. They take it upon themselves to find this other Lister and rescue him. This marks the beginning of a series of hilarious misadventures, wrong turnings and bad, bad choices, as we travel across a galaxy populated by genitically engineered lifeforms, broken down 'droids and homicidal villains.&quot;Last Human&quot; makes you think about what it would be like to meet another version of yourself. Decisions are made that could produce a personality completely different from your own. This is by no means a new idea, but in this case the writer treats it with great wit and humour. Certain ideas and scenes in the novel are based on things that happened in the TV series, but it has all been rearranged and augmented. This is where print can achieve what a limited TV budget can't.This is science fiction writing at its most humorous. Irreverent, zany and wild.
I got this book as a present since I want to be a CIA officer and Ihave to buy this book again to learn arabic because I gave it to my sister so she could learn arabic to be in the CIA if directing film doesnt work out. Ismee Daniel!
When you have 30 minutes to yourself, read this book, or read half of it one day and the other half the next day.I do not have a dog, but I have known love.  Poets, dog lovers, and lovers of the world will find the heart in this book.
The concept here is to present two readings on a set of topics, giving students the opportunity to hear from both sides of an issue.  The essays they used are all pretty good, whether they are from Milton Friedman, Joseph Stiglitz, or some lesser known folks.I have two concerns.Number one concern is in the supporting commentary.  For example, there are two papers on whether or not the "stimulus package" was effective at creating jobs.  The first says basically, "the labor market numbers improved after it was passed" without the theoretically underpinning to demonstrate causality.  The second says, "there are papers that say no multiplier effect exists," without pointing out the assumptions those papers make.So one paper is empirical and the other is theoretical, and the commentary made before and after does not tie them together, it merely summarizes.  A student, especially a principles level student, would have great difficulty in dealing with that, in my view.  Few freshmen and sophomores have the sophistication necessary to analyze these essays in a productive way.That is not true for all the pairs, some of them match up nicely, but you'd have to be very careful in assigning these to make sure you did not put your students into an untenable position of simply having to pick one and go with it, without understanding the issues it creates.The second concern is that it has a fixed form factor, which I assume is to make page 20 the same to everyone on every device.  In the modern age, this is going to frustrate students who are used to the document morphing to match their device, not the other way around.Overall, a nice piece of work, but the faculty member who assigns it needs to be aware of the shortcomings and plan accordingly with how it is integrated, noting that some of the essays can be read and understood without much input from the professor, while others will require significant intervention.
Technically, as a layman, I agree with most of the reader reviews that spurred me to read this book, &quot;virtually faultless&quot;. A very readable book with charming, often poetic use of language and very informative on post apartheid South Africa. However, as I neared the end, I wondered just how the author would close this rather depressing chapter in the life of his protagonist and when it arrive, I felt it didn't supply the "goods" - the last enigmatic line, didn't satisfy.  Also, as brilliantly written and constructed as where, the musical reference, they where far too reminiscent for me of another Booker winner, Ian Mc Ewan's Amsterdam. Whatever, a most enjoyable read with warts and all characters that are completely believable. A book I would highly recommend - real class; a book so graphic in its imagery, I feel as if I have just seen the movie.
Watched the movie years and years ago, been told the book is even better- and it is!! It's Dickenesque in some of the ways the narrative is written- but not as convoluted. Such a fun read if you are into murder :)
I was weary when I noticed this book had big print, a large amount of space between lines, and 200 pages.  However, from the first pages this book draws you in.  There are plenty of secrets that everyone is keeping from our main character that aren't easy to figure out. So you keep reading and reading and reading, feeling for the main character's plight and wanting to know what's going on.  When all is revealed it's a bit of a shock, which is great. This book had more surprises and turns than some of the mysteries I've read lately.  I can't wait to read the rest of the trilogy, I hope it's just as good. By the way, this book isn't just for kids, don't be turned off by it's size.
I had read the first books in this series and really enjoyed the stories--also learned a lot about India and especially some of the foods since Vish Puri does love his food, spicier the better!  I think new readers will love his &#34;nicknames&#34; for the people who work for him.
I love Weir's writing style. It's interesting and factual without being boring. The facts are historically accurate, which is a pleasure. I heartily recommend this book.
A very well-written book. It took Mr. Salinger 10 years to complete it. It is probably hard to think and write like a teenager when you are not one.It is a first-person narration by Holden Caulfield, a 16-year old boy, who was kicked out of prep school. He spends 2-3 days in New York city on his own rather than going home to face his parents. The book describes Holden's view of the adult world, his likes and serious dislike of 'phoniness' in a very distinctive language. This coming-of-age story is a must read for everyone, especially yougsters who are in the teenage years. I wish I had read it when I was in my teens. I would have found someone I could identify with at that time (well, why deny it, even now): the way Holden's thoughts go every which way as he gets distracted and his overactive imagination about the future.
This superb book deftly examines a topic close to some profound future issues in molecular biology, my own field of expertise. To what degree can human behavior be modified by manipulating the molecules that effect brain chemistry? Although the topic at hand is the sense of smell, anyone who has read Proust knows to what deep levels that sense can force changes in conciousness. A familiar smell can trigger a cascade of changes in the brain's electro-chemical make-up as proven by tomography. Thus the perfume industry has a crucial interest in this research.The Emperor of Scent splendidly outlines the scientific research that drives the perfume industry, provides an often ascerbic view of those whose gifts allow them to succeed in this arcane and frequently insanely competitive industry and touches on some of the philosophical issues that lay just slightly submerged. If we can manipulate human behavior by wafting a few well-chosen molecules (pheromones mingled with a pleasing scent) in the surrounding air, to what degree can behavior be controlled by our ever-increasing skill at manipulating human bio-chemistry? If these issues intrigue you then this book is a must read. Most strongly recommended.
There's not much to say about Gabaldon's Outlander series that hasn't already been said: It's funny, it's romantic, it's sexy, it's even fairly historically accurate, except for that whole time travel thing.What struck me about this book and its companions is the way Gabaldon deftly weaves dry humor and passionate romance.  Just as our real life love affairs aren't all steam-and-dream, Claire and Jamie kid around, argue, tease each other and otherwise act like real human beings, not like bodice-ripper heroes and heroines.  That said, there's plenty of steamy stuff, too.  Plus action, adventure, suspense...There are very few 800-page books I would read twice, let alone carry around in hard cover on an overseas vacation, but this one was worth it.Especially a must-read if you are into anything Scots - if you're not an Alba-phile, you may find you are by the end of the book.
I read Finnegans Wake in eight days. My goal was to get through it, reading every word and trying to make sense out of the puns but not worrying excessively about deciphering the meaning. Someday I may go through it with a fine-toothed comb, but this time around I wanted to read it as I would any novel. The verdict?Well, Finnegans Wake is clearly masterfully put together. For someone like me, with a solid knowledge of Latin and word roots, the puns that made use of etymology (and those are a large proportion of the puns) are not difficult to decipher; I also frequently had the pleasant experience that miscellaneous bits of obscure knowledge floating in the back of my head, that I never thought I would use, were jolted into memory by a passing reference in the book. Joyce poured references of every describable kind amongst the pages, and I could tell that I was not understanding even a small fraction of them, nor was I (by a long shot) understanding the book at every level. Finnegans Wake is like a delicious ice-cream cone that is covered in one of those crunchy shells. Now, imagine trying to eat through that shell only by licking, and that is what kind of task getting to the meat of Finnegans Wake is. The reward is delicious, but you have to lick through a heck of a lot of hard chocolate and nuts (I would liken biting through the chocolate to using one of the companion guides: you get to the good stuff quicker, but it might alter the shape of the ice-cream by biting off a chunk).Painfully protracted analogy aside, Finnegans Wake is an excellent investment of time for an educated reader, and even (dare I say it?) fun. Yes, the words are impenetrable, but they are just difficult, not outright gibberish, as some would dare to say. Go on, give it a try!
It's a beautiful written story about an amazing couple.  I was surprised at how much I cared about what happened to them.  Great book!
I have become a big Steinbeck fan over the last few months, having read The Pearl, Of Mice and Men, Tortilla Flat, and Cannery Row during that time.  The beauty of Steinbeck's style that is evident in all of these stories is that, much like a masterful boxer, he will float and spar while filling the reader in on the transpiring events, and then a paragraph comes along that literally jumps to life, like a well-timed barrage of attacks.  Either in the form of layers and layers of description that make you feel as if you are feeling, smelling, hearing and seeing everything the characters are, or in the form of a humorous antecdote that causes you to read about four times faster than normal, the barrage carries you through the story.Cannery Row is set in Monterey, CA during the Depression and focuses on a handful of characters, but the main ones are Doc and Mack.  Doc runs a place called Western Biological and works collecting animals for other scientists and doing other work at his lab that is not really specified.  He is rather an enigma in the town, and he is a Renaissance Man.  Everybody in Cannery Row knows and loves him, including several ladies, and he is just generally a good guy that seems to be extremely intelligent.  He is also a flawed character, though.  He drinks beer for breakfast, is afraid of commitment with the ladies, and seems to fear genuine intimacy with anyone.  He stays up late reading and listening to classical music and gets up early to do his studies/work.Mack is a "bum" by our standards, but he fills a role that Steinbeck loves to explore.  He is extremely intelligent and gifted in some areas, yet lacks the motivation to hold a steady job.  He is a leader and natural salesman and politician, yet he chooses to lead a group of other bums that he calls "the boys" and lives in a shack that he finagled out of the local grocery store owner.Through the medium of extremely well-developed characters and beautiful, descriptive narrative, Steinbeck also instructs us about the nature of humans.  One of the basic things that I learned about this nature is that people who are in "down and out" circumstances are often very capable and intelligent people who simply prefer not getting caught up in the social rat races of life.  This was evident in the story of the parade, and if you read the book, Doc will do a better job of explaining what I mean than I can.  Steinbeck also takes subtle jabs at those of us who turn our noses up at these people, like the town people who taxed (read:extorted) the "illegal" whorehouse at an exorbitant rate in order to stay open and then frequented the establishment through the side door.I highly recommend this book because it affected, instructed, and entertained me, and it will do the same for you.
Linda Elder and Richard Paul have dedicated their careers to advocating Critical Thought, which they see not as a series of conclusions, but as a process. We engage in critical thought when we test our assumptions and beliefs; practice intellectual virtues such as humility, honesty, and fairness; and practice discretion in how we receive news and opinions from media, bosses, and politicians. And they admit, this is much harder than it seems.Fortunately, in their latest book, Elder and Paul have broken the process down into thirty nuggets, designed so you can digest each in one day. Drawing on the same techniques teachers have historically used to parse difficult books, like the Bible or classic Russian literature, their process guides readers through an intellectual labyrinthe by taking it one step at a time. This encourages readers to unpack their own conclusions, not swallow ready-made opinions.Human thought, like human muscle action, must be learned through gradual coaching. Just as we may believe some lifting technique makes perfect sense, only to discover too late that it causes severe back pain, a thought may seem reasonable in light of reflexive beliefs and old prejudices. We must learn carefully, over a span of time, which thoughts will result in desirable outcomes, and which we'll pay dearly for down the line.Far from expounding their own opinions, Elder and Paul cite many sources. Some expound how critical thinking works: Plato and Aristotle, &Eacute;mile Durkheim, Eric Hoffer. Others exemplify critical thinking in action: Aquinas, Thomas Paine, HL Mencken, Margaret Mead. The authors' sources give us key insights into the thought processes we should pursue, and just as important, they give us models to emulate so we know how critical thought may appear.In their intro, which runs nearly fifty pages, Elder and Paul distill the points of their many prior books into a short rundown on how your mind works--and how it sometimes fails to work. This introduction contrasts very specific technical language with simple diagrams that make concepts comprehensible. One can imagine this as their PowerPoint presentation at corporate gatherings. It's somewhat intimidating, though; feel free to skip it until you've read the rest of the book.This book will not go down easily. It requires us to innovate, to open doors that appear shut, and to neither dominate nor submit. But if we take it seriously, and try to improve our insights, it proffers meaningful solutions, or at least improved debate. In light of recent tragic events and paralyzing controversies, we owe it to ourselves and our society to make that effort in all good faith.
One of my friends gave me his copy of A Wild Sheep Chase in 1992, and I immediately became a lifelong Murakami fan. If you're one of those people who saw this book and immediately thought "Hey, that's like the Ray Carver title . . . " then you probably will like this book quite a bit, not only because Murakami translates Carver stories into Japanese, but because they share some otherworldly affinity derived from booze, bars, and odd relationships. Which is, I suppose, an odd comment to make about a book which is ostensibly about running, but the book is more like a memoir that involves a lot of personal stories about running interspersed with a good deal of autobiography about other aspects of Murakami's life. If you don't run, however, or if you despise running, then this is probably not the book for you. I run a lot, so I can relate to Murakami talking about running his 6 miles every day no matter what else is going on in his life, and running 12 miles if he misses a day, and even letting his obsessive-compulsive side take over and running 18 miles if he somehow manages to miss two days' training in a row. While I wouldn't put this up there with any of his novels, if you are a fan, this is definitely on the must-read list.
This is a thin, easy read.  It is historic and true.  It is a glimpse into some lives at a moment in time.  Just get it.  You'll read it in a day and be enriched.  Here's to people who perform random acts of kindness.
A well-written story about a quirky detective who is always in trouble with the brass. They also made a TV series about the stories. I borrow them from my library's video selection.
This is another great Women's Murder Club book by James Patterson. I love the Women's Murder Club books and am now on to the next one in the series.
i like the cover art and in addition this book is the right kind of electronics book for me being that i'm not a hobbiest but rather someone who would like to make general repairs on electronic devices if necessary.
Walter Dean Meyers describes his youth in 40s and 50s Harlem.  Although this was a time of segregation, race isn't the main focus, at least not in the same sense of the civil rights struggle.  His struggles were more related to his love of reading and writing, and how that wasn't an especially "manly" endeavor.  And while he acknowledges a number of helpful teachers and others along the way, a lack of role models with similar interests that he could relate to and possible attention deficit disorder made it difficult for him to steer his own course in life.  But he never forgot the advice of one teacher who counseled him to "never stop writing."I've seen this book listed variously as a book for children, but in my opinion it's more appropriate for teens.  I appreciated that even though some of it might be considered rather gritty, he never stooped to a level of trashiness in his writing.  On the contrary, it's a very poignant reflection on his loves in life: reading, writing, his mother, etc.  It's a very different world from my upbringing and I find it interesting to read his experiences and how he dealt with (or didn't) the struggles and challenges he faced.  It's at turns funny and sad and inspiring, and a small window into another's experience.
I found this book to be very understandable. I have no experience with Linux but I was writing scripts without any trouble.
Virginia Hamilton's book is a classic even with the strange title. I still don't understand the name Dies Drear because it's so morbid. The book is about an African American family, the Smalls, who move from the South to Ohio where they move into the House of Dies Drear where Mr. Pluto is the caretaker. The house was part of the Underground Railroad to help slaves escape to Canada. The Underground Railroad was far more complicated than I know about but it's still a fascinating part of American history.Dies Drear and two slaves were murdered. One slave managed to escape. The book is mostly told from young Thomas Small's point of view and that is why the book is for younger readers. Anyway, the book is a powerhouse of colorful, vivid characters like Mr. Pluto. As the caretaker, he knows the house's secrets and it's history.Over the course of the book, I became riveted and intrigued by the whole story. It's a great novel and an American classic to be treasured for generations to come. If I had one complaint, I think the ending could have been better. It seemed to end rather abruptly.
Much has been made of how well Heddon has created the internal monologue of his protagonist, a 15 year old high-functioning autistic, and indeed he does a marvelous job. My background is in psychology, and the narrative struck me a extremely authentic. But this has, in many reviews, overshadowed the tremendously well-crafted story that is at the heart of this novel.Christopher, the narrator, begins by telling us a bit about himself, and how he tries to solve the mystery of a dog that he finds murdered on a neighbor's lawn. But the story of the dog is only, in the end, incidental to a greater mystery that he uncovers, one that changes his life, and that of those around him.What impressed me most was not how well Heddon recreates Christoper's internal monologue, but how he uses Christopher's limited perceptions and understanding of the world to let us see what Christopher cannot- the emotions and the motivations of the people around him. The result is really a very moving and poignant tale, all the more so because the hero is unaware of so much that we can see.
Physically, this book is thicker and heavier than another edition of this book which has orange colored cover. With thicker and heavier paper, you'll get better quality paper. :-)About the story in this book; It is written in the point of view of Christopher, a boy with Asperger's Syndrome--a kind of autism. What is inside this book is really different than those fiction books I've ever read. Don't be surprised with the grammar and vocabulary used in this book as they are so simple and too detail. It is what on Christopher's mind. His left brain is dominant while his right brain, where the emotions are, is not well developed. As a result, he loves math, logic, and everything that is organized and in order. Meanwhile, he doesn't like being touched, can't understand facial expression, and emotionally numb.It is fun to read this book as it gives you different point of view of this world. After reading this book, you will know how the information around us are being absorbed differently by the mind of an autism boy. You will also know better why they don't like mixing up with people, don't like visiting new places, and sometimes being cruel to ordinary people.Overall, this is a good book to read on your spare time.
I first read this book as a young teenager and no matter how many times I re-read it, I am always moved almost to tears by the depth of feeling the author writes about.  A simple concept such as loneliness connects two characters across the abyss of time.  The author skillfully handles the idea of the past existing concurrently with the present. The simple wish for a friend is the underlying force of this story.  This is a book that once I read, I never forgot.
This is by far the best book on Palm programming on the market today. The most important part is the examples given in the book. The most critical topics of Palm programming have been covered.Few warnings: First, the book does have a substantial number of typos and simple mistakes. You do have to go to the author's web page and print the corrections list. This should solve the problem.Second, You do need to purchase a full version of Code Warrior if you are serious about doing Palm development.Third, you do need to have good knowledge of C. There should be no surprise that there is such thing as a function pointer.Overall, this is a very good book for an experienced  programmer.
My five year old son has been asking a lot of questions lately and so I bought a bunch of these books and this was one of them.I love the way they explain how when we exert force on something that things also exerts force on you. It explains the concepts really well. This is not a two line per page book. But it is not too wordy that your kid will lose interest.
The authors is very depentant on the "research" they have conducted but are pretty scan how it was conducted or reviewed, none the less, they present thoughtful insight that is worthy of your consideration.  I read the book as a precourse assignment to a program at work on the same name.  I am glad I did as it was a good warm up and brought the material into focus. The conclusions reached by the authors are not always what I would have thought after reading the situations presented but, that was part of the charm.
My child had no trouble reading it or understanding the plot.  Very well written and kept her attention.  I would recommend this book to readers.
Really cool book about the Owens Valley and surrounding areas. Helps if you have been there to really get it. The writing style was unusual, but adds to the book. She describes and interesting place at an interesting time.
Hemingway is by now an American archetype,  in his case the primal American male, warrior,  artist, sensationally strong and brilliant.  Like all lives, his had many rebirths, u-turns  and abandonments.  The Feast always  struck me as coming from one of his less desperate, forced periods; literary and lived.  He wrote without his boxing  gloves on, one might say, free to capture and illuminate 'scenes,' that have resisted time.  The Austrian ski experience is the quintessential skier's paradise.  It has stayed with me, a non-skier- for the solitary unmarked Alpine splendor, sans mechanical lifts, lines and pervasive adolescent snowboarders, no this was an effortless slide off the earth into another realm.The gossip, doesn't survive with as much brilliance, and that is probably best.  The Fitzgeralds are familiar even to non-readers, they've become part of our popular culture. Let's let them stay there.Hemingway, I would argue, achieved every writer's dream of subordinating and then transcending words replaced in the reader's mind with "sight."  This book is recalled as a series of scenes.  The end of the volume, not only did that, but enjoined  and lent empathy to  the reader's own inner, similarly sad, experiences.  The foreshadowed end of what had been a deep love-based marriage, has never been written, in my experience, so perfectly.  There are some who were offended by this inclusion, as they were, no doubt by Hemingway's betrayal of Hadley.  However, I believe the betrayal is mythic, and part the fall from grace, by which we suffer.  Hemingway learned one of the gravest lessons of the human condition, that is, that love doesn't last, romantic love eventually, and cruelly dies.Despite the many years between the first readings of this classic, I always remembered that scene when forced to reckon in the same way with my own evaporating loves.  That picture, a shamed, adulterer watching the woman he would hurt, still wrapped in what she believed was a certain marriage never fails to take my breath away.And I can subordinate the macho, hard drinking, overkill bravado, of the later Hemingway to the younger author. The equally innocent younger man, not yet dependent upon  booze and blood sports, used for the real  battle, i.e. with  major and disabling depression.  He lost that one,  to suicide.  One of the tenderest books- from he who would strive for the darker side of delicacy.
I enjoyed learning from the people in Silicon Valley and how they grew to be one of the best and most recognized leaders.
Every serious value investor has to read this book. If you are a beginning investor, this book is probably not the best place to start, but sooner or later, every investor should have a copy. Some of the information is a little outdated because a lot has changed since 1934, but still, good investing is good investing. If Warren Buffett learned from Benjamin Graham, we should all find something valuable in this book.- Mariusz Skonieczny, author of Why Are We So Clueless about the Stock Market? Learn how to invest your money, how to pick stocks, and how to make money in the stock market
How often does a sequel far surpass an original (particularly when the original was very, very good)? &quot;Small World&quot; has the same great humor that made &quot;Changing Places&quot; so fun to read, but is so much more ambitious, multi-layered, and introduces even more hilarious characters. The book at first seems intimidating because so many different characters and plotlines are introduced that it is easy to think the book will be hard to follow. It is to David Lodge's credit that this never happens. Each character and plotline is distinct and original enough that one never gets confused as to who is who and what is going on with each character.As a former English major, I can vouch for the amount of pointless gobbledygook masquerading as intelligent discourse by many English professors. It is important to know, though, that one does not need to be a student of English Literature to fully appreciate &quot;Small World&quot;. The characters in this book, although primarily all English professors, can just as easily represent those overambitious people that can be found in any industry who are looking for the most amount of money and prestige, while having to do the least amount of actual work.
This book was an enjoyable read. I thought it was pretty well written. It highlights the importance of storytelling in life, whether it be personal or business. It reminds us that truthful stories are the best ones, and they may or may not be filled with true facts. If you have problems agreeing with this statement, then make sure to read the book. It provides some good lists. For example, Chapter 3 is about the ten functions of storytelling. And Chapter 6 is about the five critical story themes.At first glance one might think this book is not really dedicated to being about business. But it is! It tells us that the entrepreneur has to create a story when she puts together a business in order to qualify for a bank loan. It tells us that the entrepreneur has to create many stories when marketing her business' services and products. It tells us a business has to have a story if it expects to be able to recruit (and keep) employees. And a business has to have stories when it trains its employees.A business has to be able to tell the story about the industry it exists in. And the business will have its own story, too. Often the leaders in a business will have their own story. And a product or service that is branded will have its own story. All in all, this book clearly informs us that if we run a business, then we better be good at creating, writing, and delivering stories.What this book talked about was great. However, I would have liked it better if it had had a chapter or two telling the reader how to develop an ability to be a great story creator and teller. The easiest way I know to develop that skill is to join a Toastmasters club and do as many speeches there as possible. At Toastmasters if you participate you will quickly get a feel for putting together educational, entertaining, or inspirational talks. And when you get that feel, then read this book and see what you can do with your new skill or talent to make a business more successful. 4 stars!
Wow.  That's the one word that comes to mind when I first think of this book.  Wow.  It was THAT good.  And so original, it kept me guessing right to the very end, which is kind of hard sometimes, since I read so many mysteries and can usually unravel the plot twists and other writer's devices well before the end of any book.I grabbed a copy of this book after a friend said she was starting a new blook club and that this would be the first reading selection for it.  I groaned inwardly, as I held the 550+ page book in my hands, thinking there was no way I'd have it read in the two weeks' time she had given me, on top of working full-time, taking care of my child, and spending time with my new husband.  But, once I started reading this book, I hated to put it down. I carried it around with me and read whenever I could: waiting in the doctor's office, waiting for my daughter in the carpool line at school, etc.  I know people thought I was crazy, but this is one of those books where, when you put it down, you keep thinking about the characters and what they're doing, what they will be doing next.I was enchanted by the loving relationship between Clare and Henry.  And the time traveling, as it was described, wasn't hokey or strange.  It just worked.  I don't know how the author did it, but she describes it in such a way that, by the end of the book, you just accept it as an everyday sort of thing.Keep the tissues handy when reading this book, however.  I can't remember the last time a book made me cry (maybe "The Lovely Bones"?) but I usually don't cry reading books.  This one, however, had me crying a few times.  It is a deeply emotional book about the powers of true love.  It is definitely worth the read!  I have been recommending to everyone I know.
There are many different versions of simple living and this is the story of one particular couple's. Their journey from a hectic city lifestyle to a country one is not an account of &quot;the way it should be done&quot;, but rather Frank &amp; Wanda's interesting life path and how it led them to their version of true happiness.
This is James from James Spanish (the learning Spanish blog).It's all very well knowing that `ser' means `to be'  or that `tengo' means `I have',  but in order to be able to speak more fluently and understand conversations you will have to master verbs a bit more fully.  The problem is that sometimes the vast amount of variations between past, present and future tenses can seem overwhelming.  Not to mention irregular verbs, and how each conjugation changes depending on the subject of the sentence.  There is a lot to learn.The Big Red Book of Spanish Verbs is practically the reference bible of Spanish verbs, with plenty of lists, information and tips to help you understand and remember the thousands of verb conjugations.Each verb is listed in all tenses and there are plenty of examples included with each verb to help you get an idea of how the conjugations can be used in context.  Many of these examples are colloquial, giving you a taste of how the verb is used in the real world.  These idiomatic phrases are great snippets of vocabulary that will help to make you sound more fluent!The section of the Top 50 Spanish Verbs is extremely useful, and a great starting place when trying to memorize verb conjugations.  These verbs are also included in the main section of the book, with a note telling you that they are also in the Top 50.Having confidence in your knowledge of the most common verbs is key to being more comfortable and natural when speaking, and will be crucial to your understanding spoken Spanish.After the 50 most common Spanish verbs, the verbs are organized in alphabetical order so that they are easy to find.  The overall layout of the information on each page is clear and easy to read so you never feel that you are searching for a needle in a haystack.For each verb, the most common conjugations are listed at the top of the page, so you can find this information super fast.A reference book like this can do wonders for your Spanish, helping you to learn to conjugate verbs confidently and quickly.  Whether you are a beginner needing to study up on the basics of Spanish verbs, or an advanced speaker looking for a comprehensive reference manual, this is a great value book that will serve you well at all levels.In closing my review of this product, I'd like to share with you the three Amazon products that I have found most helpful in my pursuit to learn Spanish. If you are truly serious about achieving fluency, I'd recommend getting all 3 of them if you can afford it.1.Lights, Camera, Spanish (Book + DVD): Learn Conversational Spanish by Watching a Romantic AdventureThis is  actually a 90 minute movie for Spanish-language learners. It gives the option to watch the movie with subtitles but I'd recommend not using them to improve your Spanish. This "movie" also includes a workbook so that you can reinforce the Spanish vocabulary words and phrases from the film.  The workbook also has lots of exercises to keep you engaged in the film. But be prepared to hear Chilean accents. Although pleasent to the ear, the accents from Chile are very different from most Latin American accents.2.Verbarrator Version 1.1 (Windows Version)This software replaces the traditional verb conjugation books and makes learning how to conjugate Spanish verbs an interactive and fun activity. This should be a required resource for anyone who wants to improve their ability to conjugate Spanish verbs. Especially anyone who is challenged by the drudgery of learning how to conjugate Spanish verbs and who is looking for a new way to make learning how to conjugate Spanish verbs an easy and fun activity3.Diccionario esencial de la lengua espanola de la Real Academia Espanola (Spanish Edition)If you are really serious about speaking the language fluently, then at some point you will need to replace your Spanish-English dictionary and get a pure Spanish dictionary with both the vocabulary words and the definitions  entirely in Spanish. I use this one only because it was highly-recommended by a friend from Spain who teaches Spanish.
This is the second book I have read by Ha Jin. The first, "The Crazed," was somewhat slow, but quite enjoyable by the end. This one was a much easier, faster read -- one with a very different objective. Both novels are set in China during the time of the Cultural Revolution, a very interesting time indeed. While "The Crazed" focused more on a historical and cultural experience for the characters, "Waiting" truly is a love story, one that is heartbreaking and touching on so many levels. The characters are complex even while the storyline seems simple. The themes of waiting and restlessness, of dissatisfaction, and ultimately of regret and redemption really resonated with me. I felt a part of these characters' lives, and that is why I read books in the first place. Be patient with this story; let it unfold at its own pace. Stories like this need to be savored, not rushed. Take some time when you are finished to reflect not only on what has developed in these 308 pages, but on what you yourself have done over the last 20 years or so. What are YOU waiting for? What have you missed? (In both senses of the word: what have you failed to notice and what do you long for?)
When we last left the poor, unfortunate Baudelaires at the end of The Miserable Mill, the orphans were wondering how much longer all of this could go on - and, to be frank, so was this reader, a little bit. There was a sense of staleness (and meanness) that kept Mill from being as chaotically fun as its predecessors, and you might be forgiven for starting to wonder if the series was worth sticking with. Then, along comes The Austere Academy, and everything starts to change. The orphans, for the first time in the series, make some friends who understand what they're going through. They're free from a traditional guardian, and instead, enrolled in a gleefully bizarre school that looks like nothing so much as a massive graveyard. Count Olaf makes his customary appearance, but his plan remains a lot less clear and far more mysterious than it has in the past, leading the orphans into a minefield of uncertainty. But none of that, though it's all enjoyable, is what makes Austere Academy such a breath of fresh air. No, it all comes down to two key moments in the story: one, another seemingly random story by Snicket that ends up completely changing your perception of his role in the story; the second, a brief clue uttered near the book's end that's going to change the series from here on out. What both of these things mean, I leave it to readers of the series to discover; suffice to say, The Austere Academy finds Snicket stepping up his game and changing what seemed like an entertaining but slight series into something far more complex and fascinating. So, if you were worried about the series, worry no more; from here on out, The Series of Unfortunate Events is going to be much, much more complicated and twisty than you might think - and far, far more mysterious (to put it mildly).
A good effort.  Major accounts are the key to all solid selling; Rackman is always good to read.  What company wouldn't want their people to read a selling book?  See also Strategic Selling by Miller and Sales Skills by Simply Media.  Amazon has both.
I took French from 6th grade and went on to minor in it in college. I would never say I spoke perfectly, but I was fluent enough. 4 years of not reading, writing, or hearing french really took a toll though and I became super-rusty!I've bought so many other french tools and while some held my interest for a while, none of them was a true workbook like this one. this book is GREAT. It's not designed for beginners, which I think is great because one of the things that makes me stop using something is when I get bored from re-reviewing the easiest stuff that I already knew. I feel so involved with my studying now-  there are so many great exercices! the concepts are explained so clearly that I never get frustrated. (I had this one book in AP French in high school that explained everything in French- ugh!). Right now Ijust finished chapter 5 (I feel like I've accomplished something huge) and things are really coming back to me- I feel like I'm understanding the concepts so far even better than I ever did! Few things-  I do wish there were more translations of difficult vocab words and some verbs in the book. Keep a dictionary handy. Also I wish there was a section for notes in the back. And others may find it helpful to do what i did and cut out the answer key in the book and staple it together. Nothing is mroe annoying than flipping back and forth to check your answers. (they should have made them tearable, that would have been cool!)Amazing review tool. Not the only thing you'll need, but probably the most important one!
This book has numerous illustrations throughout it and screenshots to help you follow what is happening and what your screen should look if you are following along.  This book provides great resources to learning Maya and and animation all in one.  This book starts off with the basics of animation and principles and practical methods to follow to animate your character.  The book starts off with basic movements and effects and then moves on to more advance and inclusive movements and effects as the chapters progress.  The book is easy to follow and not only shows you how to create the item being referenced in the chapter, but also helps you learn what other options are available for the effect or animation.  Therefore, you can learn how to create the practice file, but you also learn what other options can be used to benefit your own project.In the end this is an easy to follow book and provides numerous examples and screenshots to help you learn Maya and animation.  The book is easy to follow and has a logical flow, building on what you previously learned.  The book has a companion website (address on back of book), which has source file and other items (when you go to the address it redirects to a Focal press site, just FYI).  Also, if you are a student, Autodesk provides Maya for free (educational edition), at their website, so you can learn and use the practical tools with no large costs for software.  This is an easy to follow book and is well written, a must for anyone learning Maya or just Animation in general!
A young boy, a will and a mystery set in Regency England.I read this book originally in the early 1990's and have just finished reading it for the second time.If I had placed a review immediately after the first reading I think that I would have shared other reviewers' relative disappointment at the ending.However after this second visit, I now think that a tidier ending with all loose ends accounted for, would not have done justice to the complexities of the rest of the book.Looking at the story now, it seems to me to be an entirely satisfactory and deeply considered work of art, one that the master of this sort of novel, Wilkie Collins would surely have approved of.Very few writers have Pallisers skill to immerse the reader so quickly in the world he describes. Once you have dipped your toe in this book (say 40 pages or so), then the rest of the 1100 pages or so swim by without your noticing its extraordinary length.Indeed I believe that you will become so engrossed that it will be with increasing irritation that you find yourself having to put the book aside for another night.If you have any feeling at all for the historical novel, or enthralling mysteries, then be good to yourself and start reading now!
I have had Outlander sitting on my Kindle for several months after some recommendations from various sources - most of which were delivered with religious zeal! For some reason I never seemed to get to it and then I did. WOW is all I can say. I have to admit that I was not as enraptured after just the first in the series but by the time I got to #3 I was hooked (actually more like obsessed). She can write like no one else. You know how sometimes authors drone on with descriptions of ever day things - clothing, cooking, etc? It can get boring, right? Well I never got bored with her depictions of life in the 18th century - they felt completely right and in flow with the story - impressive! Now for those of you who have remarked on the books being a bit long - are you crazy? Don't mistake me - they are very long but when you are an avid reader engrossed in a book you want them to never end. After reading her 7 Outlander books (which is more like 20 regular length books) I want more. Thank you Diana Gabaldon for not only the best reading experience of my life but for a portrait of the perfect man - every guy I know will be measured against Jamie from now on - sigh...
Here's the thing. Try finding a copy of Dante's masterwork in any bookstore that is both readable, and affordable, and you may run into some difficulty. There are few to be found, and the ones I found were either annotated to distraction, or were large, beautifully illustrated volumes, that cost a small fortune, but left much to be desired in translation. The Penguin Classics PORTABLE DANTE is affordable, annotated, but not to excess, and translated beautifully by Mark Musa. It also contains the Vita Nuova, a collection of early sonnets and canzones dedicated to Beatrice, with prose commentary added later by the poet. The drawback to this book is the lack of illustrations. For those who wish to read this immortal poet but don't intend to write a thesis on him, you could do a lot worse than the PORTABLE DANTE. The summaries before each canto I found helpful, but can be ignored if you want your Dante without the "training wheels". I also thought the footnotes to be very useful when describing the various people who might not be generally known, but lived in the poet's time and probably had a lasting affect on him. Again, each stanza is not dissected ad nauseum (and some might want a more extensive analysis), but it worked for me. I would suggest starting with the Vita Nuova, and then reading the Divine Commedy in order to get a fuller impression and understanding of the way Dante was affected by Beatrice before writing his masterpiece.
I bought two copies.  One for me and one for a friend who I know will enjoy it.The only complaint is type.  Too bad there isn't a old hard copy wi th large type.
It is a story that any teenager or adult can relate to, even if it was not written recently the ambiance and situations don't change, Holden is a typical boy struggling with issues of belonging, curiosity and trust. It is an impact to see how the betrayal of a trusted person can be a disaster in ones behavior. Also is amazing to see how the example of the father and mother is repeated in the image of Holden.Even the way it ends it is like a teenager, without explanations and not making any sense to a grown up.Easy to read book, I recommend it to those who have teenagers at home, it will make you  remember what a struggle one goes through during that life period and hopefully understand a bit more what they are going through or will go through.
As a non-Jew, I found this book very informative, not only about Jewish holidays per se, but also aspects of Jewish history and trends in Jewish thinking. What's more, this book has helpful appendices, including a glossary of Hebrew terms. Interestingly, the author of this book does not feel the need to dispense with BC and AD in favor of BCE and CE.This book provides information on such things as the Passover Seder meal. We learn that celebration of the New Year (Rosh Hashanah) had a late start owing to the onetime association of New Year celebrations with pagan festivities. The book raises the question of the origins of Hanukah (to what extent a successful military revolt and to what extent a rejection of Hellenizing tendencies), and whether or not this relatively minor holiday has assumed the status of a Jewish answer to Christmas.History is seen as cyclic and linear, in effect combined into a spiral. Thus, each year's observance should see a person on a higher plane of spirituality than the last such observance.Theological questions are raised in this book. For instance, at Rosh Hashanah, there is the custom of throwing bread crumbs into a body of water to symbolize the fact that God drowns our sins in the deepest sea. Some rabbis raised concern that people may misuse this ritual as an actual removal of sin in place of genuine repentance (p. 102). (This recounts the fear among Christians of "easy believism".)New Jewish observances are also discussed, including Yom Ha-Shoah. Some traditional rabbis oppose this holiday. Various Jews believe that the Holocaust represents a defining moment in Jewish history; others feel that it really isn't that different from past persecutions of Jews, or of common inexplicable tragedies such as the death of one's child. Some Jews even feel that the glorification of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising is a tacit acknowledgement of the need to answer the accusations of "Jewish passivity". Yom Ha-Shoah may include silence (a fasting from words rather than fasting from eating), to symbolize the silence of man and the silence of God during the Holocaust.
'Timeline' is a novel about time travel to medieval France. A group of historian/scientists are recruited to test time travel out. Sound familiar? Like 'Jurassic Park' possibly? Just like 'Jurassic Park', things don't go exactly as planned.If you enjoy other Michael Crichton books, or other technology/science/adventure type novels, this is a great read. Crichton has a knack for intertwining technology, history, and interesting characters. The twist with 'Timeline' is that the technology isn't based on computers or genetics or anything modern. It's based on the technology of 700 years ago. 'Timeline' is a perfect example of his masterty of the genre.
In classic economic theory, market forces move the global economy toward a balance in the creation and consumption of products and services. In reality, markets rarely settle into a steady equilibrium that neatly matches supply and demand. Arun Motianey sets out a new paradigm to explain this mismatch - and much more. He says serial disequilibrium drives "SuperCycles," decades-long sequences of economic expansions, recessions and recoveries marked by a common pattern of changes in the prices of inputs and outputs. The "Classical SuperCycle," which ended with the Great Depression, lasted almost 60 years. The "Modern SuperCycle," which began in 1979, may die younger, largely because increased borrowing and other "financialization" forces are accelerating its advance. Instead of letting this unfold, regulators should set policies that sustain the Modern SuperCycle. Motianey criticizes classical macroeconomics' poor predictive power and proposes that the SuperCycle may provide a defined structure that could make it easier to foresee the economic future. getAbstract recommends this lucid, if sometimes contrarian, book to readers intrigued by fiscal history and by new ways to understand long-term economic trends.
He really does not address position sizing and risk management for trend trading but instead suggests another book.  However, you may not be able to find a better chapter on stock selection than chapter 9 of this book.  While some say that stock picking is less important than position sizing and risk management, I think the process for picking trending stocks is the "special sauce" that can really affect your overall profit.  I think the addition of the chapters on option trading dilutes the book and this book should have focused on aspects of trend trading stocks.  His discussion of general market direction and Beta is pretty good and the discussion of exit criteria is certainly good enough.  Chapter 9 is the real jewel in this book and the discussion on general market direction is also good.  Skim the rest.  That said, I did like the book and recommend it to others.
My daughter was having trouble with her 10 year old lying so I sent her this book.  She said it helped.
This has been my favorite book since I was a child.  It was so nice to have on the kindle!
Through the whole book the main character Christopher looks at the world in every detail. He gives many astute observations and can do calculations in his head. But somehow he cannot communicate with other humans on a normal level. To him, there is just too much information coming in all at once. He cannot figure out that one facial feature can mean a myriad things and he cannot understand metaphors, but don't get him started on similes.Don't get me wrong, he makes allot of sense; the world would be a better place if no one lied. But is it possible? In order for this to work everyone would have to follow the same rules and unfortunately that will never happen.The novel was very good if you can stand a very frustrating main character.
it had smooch fun and and fashion in the book kit was so well done for his 6 book that is write
I have not read the book, but the Title Alone was enough to grab my attention, and I will be reading the book shortly.I would like to however, make note of the fact that the dust that covered lower manhatten was on that fateful day- COOL DUST. (People were NOT burned by the dust cloud) This is a very important clue in the search for what actually happened on 9/11. If you have not read the book already, I would like to reccommend -Where Did the Towers Go? Evidence of Directed Free-energy Technology on 9/11
There were so many times while reading this book that I thought to myself, "holy sh##, that's why so and so is the way that he/she is!" It gave me a little more compassion towards the invalidators in my life and taught me about the cycle of cruelty and invalidation. This book is a fast, easy read. Every once in awhile I go back and re-read certain parts just to keep it all fresh in my mind (or if I start to lose my tolerance). If everyone read this, I think the world might be a little different and we'd treat each other better as human beings.
Great book to read if you are a fan of philosophy, myths, and psychology. A must read!Joseph Campbell is a genius!
This is a short, easy to read novel which could be referred to as ablack comedy, a tongue-in-cheek satire or a searing parable ofhuman greed.  All three descriptions are accurate, but there's moreto Doctor Fischer of Geneva or the Bomb Party than that.Dr. Fischer is an obscenely wealthy citizen of Switzerland, whomade his fortune by virtue of his patent on a special kind of toothpaste. Fischer's son-in-law Alfred Jones, an Englishman of modest means, narrates the story.From time to time, Dr. Fischer hosts parties for his own amusement.Not parties really, just dinners.  Only a handful of people (always the same) are invited.  The guests are all wealthy in their own right though not nearly as well off as Dr. Fischer.  During the course of the evening, Dr. Fischer delights in humiliating his guests and if they satisfactorily tolerate their humiliation, they are rewarded with going away gifts. The gifts are generally items of jewelry or gold plated knick-knacks. Pricey gifts, but not anything the guests couldn't afford to buy for themselves without having to be humiliated.Throughout the narrative of Doctor Fischer of Geneva, there are numerous allusions to God and religion which serve to lead one to believe author Graham Greene intended this book to have some quite serious theological implications.  In fact, in Chapter 9, Dr. Fischer (an atheist) explicitly states that what he does is no different from what God does.Think about it for a minute.  All of us necessarily undergo humiliation at some point in our lives.  Through poverty, pain, sickness, death of a loved one, etc.  Those who are devout believers tolerate their humiliations while giving God their unquestioning love and loyalty even as they hold out hope to be rewarded with "small presents" now and again.Though superficially rather light reading, it's perhaps best to think of Doctor Fischer of Geneva as an allegorical novel with serious things to say about religious faith.
this book, magnificent, incredible, couldn't put it down... vivid details, a real tour de force of historical significance... why only four stars... the author makes countless references to the bayeux tapestry an artistic account of pre and post conquest but not a single picture in the entire book showing us what the tapestry looks like... painful because the book is gripping and you ache to see what the author is talking about each time he makes reference to it... i'll look up the pic on line and print it out to look at it, but i'd have paid more just to have a color pic included in the book with appropriate captions guiding the reader to the references made in the body of the book
This is one of the few unfinished books published after an author's death that I can honestly say was worth reading.  Choppy though it was, overall it gives you the flavor of what Hemmingway's early life was like along with some insight into what made him become a great writer.When I was in college, just after he died, he was a larger than life figure to all of us.  His pursuits seemed glamorous and daring.  He had a huge influence even on us engineering students.  Now, quite a bit later in my life, I have a slightly different perspective.  What if you were leading your life right along side of him but never became a famous writer.  Would we now think your life was exciting?  Or would you just look like another dreamer bum who drank his future away in Paris and frittered away youth running with the bulls in Pamplona?  Most writers do not become either famous or successful.On the other hand, it also seems clear to me that people with real talent in any profession are ususally successful if they apply hard work and dedication to their craft.  If you read this book, you will see, as I did, that running with the bulls, drinking in sleazy bars in Paris, enlisting in a war and all of the other exotic life experiences that Hemmingway pursued was his way of applying hard work and dedication to his craft.  These experiences were where he found the grit that fed the passion of his writing.The book thus aids the young in their life planning and those at the other end a moment of reflection on our own quest.
I don't know where to begin with this book.  I was not aware at first it was a series book.  To be honest, I don't even recall how I downloaded the book onto my kindle (but it was there).  I know that the minute I started reading this book, I couldn't get enough.  I was not able to read fast enough for my liking!  Diana Gabaldon has become one of my favorite authors.  When I finally reached the end of the book, I was relieved to see that there was another!  I honestly can't put this series of books down!  Thanks for penning this book, Ms. Gabaldon!
There is very little I can add that is different from other reviews here.  If you ever deal with a business-side person who argues against spending more money on QA, this book would be very useful--but if you've been working QA for a number of years, NONE of this book is news.I would compare its utility to QA Analysts to Schneier's book "Secrets and Lies," targeted for making upper management aware of security issues.  Glitch is good to help you make a case or argument for more QA, as "Secrets and Lies" is a case-builder for baking security in to applications.
This book tells the story of a grouchy ladybug who didn't want to share the juicy aphids that he found on a leaf with anyone else.  He decides to fight over the aphids with another ladybug, but then determines that she is too small, so he goes off in search of a more worthy opponent.  As each hour passes, he encounters another creature, larger and more fearsome than the last, and he dismisses each one in turn until, tired and hungry, he ends up back at the leaf again to share the last of the aphids with the friendly ladybug.  The book is not very scary, and animal lovers will get a kick out of it, since it includes so many different creatures.  There is a focus on simple time telling in the book.  The book contains about 800 words.
This was an awesome book I have read all the way up to this book I can  wait to read the rest
I have read this loads of times since hearing it read on the radio in the 1980s by the excellent Kerry Shale, and I still laugh out loud every time. Ignatius Riley, super-slob, is forced into the world of work where he meets a host of hilarious characters: Miss Trixie, the octogenarian assistant accountant, Darlene, the would-be exotic dancer, who for want of a snake uses her moth-eaten cockatoo; Patrolman Mancuso, the incompetent vice-cop, who for his sins is poted in the restroom in a variety of costumes, seeking a conviction, and Jones, the black criminal, forced into accepting a job at the Night of Joy Bar or going to jail (Toole's skill in portraying Jones' Deep South accent is second to none). ABSOLUTELY SUPERB , deserves six out of five.
This is a well-written, insightful book striking a perfect balance between ancient wisdom (cultural, religious, philosophical) and modern research. Haidt examines a set of beliefs about happiness and fulfillment in light of modern psychological research, often reaching out to other disciplines, as well as to literature and pop culture. He handles delicate subjects (e.g., religion and spirituality) deftly and honestly, making this work appeal to a broader population without compromising integrity.For instance, he admits his atheism but values "spirituality" and the wisdom of certain religious ideas or figures, some of whom he credits as being expert psychologists. However, he points out where he thinks some religious or cultural ideas are wrong, or maybe where they go too far in one area or another. But he's not out to attack or criticize, only to explore human thinking about fulfillment, from various time periods and cultures, demonstrating how modern research in psychology (especially since the advancement of "positive psychology") can help us understand ourselves and what it means to be happy.This book may not be as much of a guide to achieving happiness as Martin Seligman'sAuthentic Happiness: Using the New Positive Psychology to Realize Your Potential for Lasting Fulfillment, but it is a much more profound and enjoyable read, one that I think can have a more lasting effect on readers, of diverse backgrounds, wanting to reflect on or improve their level of happiness.
You could get this big fat collection for Game alone and probably end up well pleased, ecstatic even, but there are fifty-nine more fantastic fictions here, many of them stupefyingly splendiferous to boot. Every single selection from City Life is a case in point, especially the priceless title story itself. Also priceless is the much-anthologised Me and Miss Mandible. I quote: "Miss Mandible is in many ways, notably about the bust, a very tasty piece." I think of Ava Gardner in The Bribe or maybe even the delectably limber Cyd Charisse smoldering in Her Birthday Suit. Sigh. One funny and oddball little yarn here, Eugenie Grandet, is not only illustrated but employs the word "butter" no less than 97 times! A right eejit I know named Mugsy Malloy is bleeding bonkers about another story called The Balloon but suffering as I do from an inexplicable fear of inflatable objects I haven't actually read that one yet so I can't vouch for it--or for Malloy either for that matter. He really is an eejit. Plus of course also from Unspeakable Practices, Unnatural Acts you get The President, about which a writer I greatly admire might have said the following:"Trying to describe Barthelme's politics is as dodgy as trying to label his work, but Watergate sure did get him revved up. Nixon by then had already mutated into a desperate and impersonal force, no longer your traditionally human-type President, but now some faceless subgod of folly. Barthelme, perhaps as a species of anarchist curse, just calls him 'the President.' The rage behind it, provoked by the ongoing spectacle of national politics in the U.S. as presided over by anybody, is natural enough if you look at the regimes Barthelme happened to be working under."Well yes yes agreed up to a point on the era-specificity angle and all that but the eerie and even alarming and certainly wonderful thing about The President is that the self-same rage behind this startling little fragment could equally well apply to just about any jug-eared bozo who finds himself temporarily shacked up in the White House. Not to mention the spleen vented at the insufferable cretins in the body politic who put him there in the first place. That's the sterner and eternal beauty of Donny Boy, that limitless freedom bequeathed to any reader at any time to be "provoked by the ongoing spectacle of national politics in the U.S. as presided over by anybody." Here ends my first and hopefully only foray into outright political punditry, a mug's game if ever there was one. My point here is simply this: like all of the best prose stylists, Barthelme's ability to strip paint with a single sentence is lethally time-proof. That and he can crack you up and down the page. Some of the short stories here made me laugh so hard I cried. Imagine that? Tears of laughter!
Although all three of the "Jurassic Park" movies were visually spectacular, and although Crichton's "Lost World" followup was a good novel, in my opinion you have to go here, to the original "Jurassic Park" novel, to experience the true greatness of this story.Probably just about everybody knows the basic premise - scientists clone dinosaurs to create a massive theme park on a tropical island, and everything goes terribly awry.  What may have been forgotten in the years since its initial release is that this is one of the most thrilling, imagination-igniting, adventurous and frighteningly Believable (an aspect which didn't quite make it through to the film versions; most of the ethical questions, pro and con, also struggled to be heard in the movies) novels ever written.  In quoting early on actual tinkerings with the biological makeup of living things for man's scientific curiosity and potential profit, the book made it seem not only plausible that this could happen, but that, if this was in Any Way possible that it could happen, that someday, somehow, somebody is actually going to go and do something like this.  Not necesarily a dinosaur theme park (although who knows?) but some kind of cloning/genetic engineering scheme on this gargantuan scale.  And this book was written Before humanity started cloning sheep, cats, dogs and whatever else strikes its fancy (with huge rates of failure in terms of deformities and early deaths that just get swept under the rug), before the longtime specter of genetically engineering 'designer children' started to become feasible, and, if I have my dates right, before it was known that if somebody wanted to go ahead and attempt this we don't even need to go through amber-trapped insects for prehistoric DNA; we already have reasonably well-preserved, non-fossilized dinosaur marrow.  And the scientific community has been openly talking for years now about cloning mammoths from fresh specimens that were frozen in the last ice age.To get off the subject of the book's plausibility and its connection to current real-life states of affairs in ethical and scientific circumstances, and get back to the book's own merits, this is one of Crichton's alltime gems.  Vivid desciptions of everything that make you feel like you're there, deeper and better characterization than in some of his earlier works, and some of the most amazing chase scenes and 'first appearance' of the monster' type scenes ever written, with more implied 'what if's and (that the author wisely doesn't than you can shake a Sauropod tail at.  It's also worth noting that not all of the dinosaurs are ferocious; some are non-threatening, even charmingly oafish.Captivating from the get-go; hand a copy of this to a person who's never willingly (that means school assignments excluded) read a full novel and you might get a book-lover for life.  Other recommended Crichton titles: "The Andromeda Strain", "Sphere" and especially "Congo" (his other crowning achievement).  Also recommended in the dinosaur novel genre: "Raptor Red" by Robert T. Bakker, taking place in the Cretaceous.  "Balook" by Piers Anthony is another great book, involving prehistoric mammals instead of dinosaurs, and offering one of the few reasonable theoretical arguements in favor of cloning I've ever encountered.
There was a time when most adolescent girls went through a "mythology" phase. Similar to the "dinosaur" phase many little boys experience.  I remember being a pre-teen first discovering the racy, gory tales of those naughty Olympians between the pages of Bulfinch and Edith Hamilton's comprehensive mythology texts. Even in the heady days of Sidney Sheldon, Harold Robbins and Dynasty, Zeus and his cohorts, with their rape, incest and murder, were pretty hard to top for shock value.Marie Phillips takes the twelve top Greek gods (Zeus, Apollo, Aphrodite, Artemis, et al) off Mount Olympus and transfers them to a squalid townhouse in modern day London with completely winning results.  Frankly, I'm really surprised it took so long for someone to write something like this, but after reading Gods Behaving Badly, I'm glad an inferior writer didn't beat Phillips to the punch.  Everything about the characters and the storyline is pitch perfect.If Bulfinch and Hamilton were still out there, continuing to chronicle the lives of the Greek deities, they would surely have to include this epic adventure.  It has all the elements of one of the classic tales - sex, jealousy, backstabbing, revenge and murder - with two hapless "mortals" thrown in to teach a lesson in humility, courage, virtue and, of course, true love.It helps if you know your mythology (or else you might be in for a shock at what a bunch of rotters these folks are), but I think anyone with a good sense of humor and a taste for romance will enjoy this one.
Author explains concepts well.  Good value for the price.  I needed a book which went into explaining the GPIO pins and how to interface with them.  It does that well.
What impressed me: I had no idea what Outlander was about when I started the book and it really impressed me. A great mix of time travel, historical fiction and romance. I loved Claire and Jamie's relationship and how it progressed. I also really enjoyed Claire's struggling with her feelings for Jamie while trying to remain true to her husband two hundred years in the future.What disappointed me: I didn't always understand what was going on, because the book was based both in the past and in Scotland. Certain actions, phrases and customs went over my head, but for the most part, it really put you in the time and place of the story.Recommended: Fans of romance and historical fiction.Continue series: Yes, but it will take a while. These books are huge.
This book provides the best review of malicious software that is presently available.  If you need a comprehensive reference then this is the book for you.  The author is a well-known and respected security analyst and this book provides solid information at a level suitable for the system administrator. Unlike so many books of this type, it is not a camouflaged endorsement of some vendor's products or a simplistic and alarmist text.Topics covered include:- viruses, with a brief history and description of the various types and their mechanisms;- worms, again with a brief history and description of the various types and their mechanisms;- mobile code, including browser scripts, ActiveX controls, Java applets and mobile code as it occurs in email clients and distributed applications.  Given the increasing amount of mobile code, this is particularly valuable;- backdoors, particularly Netcat and VNC but covering some others as well;- trojans inlcuding wrappers, source poisoning and browser co-option;- rootkits for Unix andWindows;- kernel-mode rotkits for linux and Windows;- possible modes, including BIOS and microcode attacks."Encyclopediac" is the only description I can give, but be warned that it's not for the general reader, or for newbies.
A lot of people have been saying this book is boring, but I have to disagree.  Sure, he goes on for paragraphs listing things like everybody who ever taught him English and how they liked their coffee, but the little things give a real look into his character.  This book has taught me much more about Clinton than I learned in his 8 years.
Definitely "Raise High the Roof Beam, Carpenters and Seymour: An Introduction" is not J. D. Salinger's most popular and most read work. People who read this book are die-hard fans of this writer and really like the Glass family and are interested in knowing more about them. Those who want to read only one or two Salinger books should stick to "The Catcher in The Rye" and either "Franny and Zooey" or "Nine Stories".To begin with "Raise High the Roof Beam, Carpenters and Seymour: An Introduction" is not an easy book. Its rhythm is like a roller coaster, sometimes fast, sometimes slow, sometimes up, sometimes down -- but always difficult and inaccessible to those who are not familiar with the Glass's mythology and history. Even Salinger habitu&eacute;s may find some difficult in reading this work."Raise High the Roof Beam, Carpenters" tells the story of Seymour's wedding. But, the main character here and narrator is Buddy Glass, the groom's brother, who is the only member of the family to attend the ceremony. All the narrative deals with the fact that Seymour abandon's his bride in the church and doesn't show up.Buddy is forced to deal whit the situation. He is forced to be with some guests, who happen to be bride's relative. And most of the time he pretends not to be Seymour's brother. Like most Salinger's work, the most important thing in the narrative is the character's thoughts rather than his actions, words etc.While considering this event, Buddy recreates most of his family's history. And this is a valuable account to those are interested in learn more about the Glasses. So far, sort of a typical Salinger writing.The second part "Seymour: An Introduction" is more difficult and problematic to those readers. First thing is that is not an introduction -- at least not our typical introduction. First off, because the reader is already familiar with Seymour, from "Raise High the Roof Beam, Carpenters", or from "A Perfect Day the Bananafish" (from "Nine Stories", which happens to be paradoxical, since the short story tells an event that happens later on in the character's life).Buddy who describes his older brother -- who he happens to admire-- again narrates the story. The narrative this time round is like a labyrinth rather than a roller coaster. The images are formed without a correlation, the narrator jumps from topic to topic making the understanding of his words rather difficult.Those who are interested in only one Seymour story should go straight to "A Perfect day for Bananafish". It is short, but you'll learn a lot about the character -- actually almost everything you need to know is there. Those who like Salinger and his Glass family, are welcome to read "Raise High the Roof Beam, Carpenters and Seymour: An Introduction", but be advised that it is different (not bad, just different) from what you've read from him, about them.
Ok so I have never been an avid reader well actually I use to hate to read at all even on my ipad but, since I had the life , breathe heart and soul ripped out of me by my ex-bf in the many many things he did to me through a 6 yr relationship Insat down to try and figure out what happened I knew I was a good person and he was crazy but, in any case to make matters worse I have to date since the final blow of him cheating on me and ended the relationship now 8 months later read every day and sometimes 2 entire books at a time because all the information I have sucked in through all of this is that Yes, he is very mentally disturbed and that not one of the personality disorders fits him ALL of them fit him all the way up to the Psychopath who at first like anyone else I thought were only serial killers I'll be damned if he aint sleep with me every night... I cant pinpoint which one he really is or if he is just all of them but I know he is dangerous.....In any case in all the books I read I have been able to find him in them as well as suffering myself now from PTSD and depression and the books are sometimes very able to maje you relive the problems and feel worse... But, I must say ......In this book the author gives a lighthearted approach that is very serious and real but, without pointing fingers to ow your the victim and who is the abuser and all that mess it gives me a reason to smile and laugh and say yup I knew about that and I remember when I laughed at him for this cause a lot of it really does have humor to it once you step outside and really look at it....In the beginning of the book it gives a check list and you give true or false for each and I was expecting the same endnotes of :If you answered yes to alot of these you are dealing with a predator but, in this one the last question reads : despite all these faults this person is still one of e most exciting people I ever met .....I feel off my chair in amusement cause thats really what they have us believing it isnt till later that we see when the mask cracks all the horribleness they hold .....it was also very true for me but, a well needed reality check and a good laugh cause I can look at him now as the pig he really is..... Read this book to get insight and start here if you are in a journey it will give you validation but in a very comforting way to realize yes i did think that and I thought he was the greatest but know that it wasnt your fault thats what they want us to believe and they play a damn good game....,There is also another extremely funny book I suggest younread when you are healed a bit called so your in love with a narcissist which really pokes at the demon him or herself and says the thoughts that we were thinking at the times that the same things happened it will make you laugh!!
Sometimes the &#34;best responses&#34; seem to evoke just the &#34; right&#34; answer - not always that simple.  On the other hand some of the examples are so extreme it is hard to relate.  I have been in retail for over 18 yrs & these are not your everyday scenarios. However,  overall,  the verbiage is useful & good responses.
I have not completed this book yet but the portion I have covered is well done. I am looking forward to finishing it.
This book had me from the first word , very informative without going to far. Very well written . I can't wait to read more of this authors work.
Joe wrote the book on content marketing, and now he's literally written the book on it. A must read for marketers, entrepreneurs and aspiring business owners, I give this solid book two giant likeable thumbs up.
unforgetable characters, thrilling plot, shocking humor, and a richly involving, rewarding reading experience where I cringed, and encouraged as if I were shouting at a movie screen.  This book totally rules, because the author is so fearless.  TCB tackles issues and characters without flinching, and he really takes care of his readers.  Fast-paced, and with a stunning prose-style, this guy can do no wrong.
I spend a moment reading a page or so from &quot;The Power of Your Subconscious Mind&quot; every morning at work. My copy of the book is tattered from re-reading.The concepts are easy to understand, yet it  takes practice to make them a part of one's way of life. The book has  helped me in many ways.
This is an insightful, well-researched and thoughtful book on the leadership role in project management, using a wealth of good examples and real-life situations. The themes and conclusions start to become apparent by the third or fourth PM story, so that even if the examples are not readily comparable to your industry, eventually you can see the applicability of PM lessons in plane manufacturing versus, say, software design. I'd strongly recommend this for anyone who is expected to provide strong leadership in a PM environment - there are some excellent lessons here.
This is the third time I have read this book and each time I love it more.  Don't miss reading it.We
I thought this was a great book about a novel concept.  I recommend it.
I believe that this material was self-selected by Parker. It is a big and wonderful collection of her poetry, short stories, and criticism.
The last in a great trilogy of books that bring folk tales, legends, and spook stories to vivid life.  A fine end to a great series.  I wish Alvin Schwartz and Stephen Gammell would collaborate on more of these collections.  Again, the perfect blend of Schwartz's retelling of tales and Gammell's haunting illustrations, Scary Stories 3 will keep anyone who reads it, young or old, up all night!  A great way to torment a younger sibling (just allow the younger brother or sister to read this before bedtime!).  The spookiest illustrations in this volume accompany the stories &quot;Like Cat's Eyes&quot;, &quot;The Dead Hand&quot;, &quot;The Wolf Girl&quot;, and &quot;The Dream&quot; (this one gave me nightmares for weeks!).  A great and scary addition to any home library.
The Steinbeck book itself is a wonderful fun reading and thought provoking presentation of his world-view and philosophy (and perhaps that of Edward Ricketts and Carol Henning Steinbeck but we'll never know). The weakness lies in the introduction by Richard Astro in which he ignores important Steinbeck concepts like the "phalanx" and the significant influence on Steinbeck by Swiss Psychiatrist, Carl G. Jung, M.D., Ph.D. Astro also ignored the "phalanx" concept in his Steinbeck biography. It  was included in the more accurate and complete Jackson J. Benson biography. While not a detraction from the Steinbeck presentation, these are significant failures in the Astro introduction my opinon. They also are evidence of a very incomplete understanding of Steinbeck's ideas and philosophy as they compare to the Benson biography. While ignoring the important Jung influence on Steinbeck, it seems to me that Astro did not mind lifting and personalizing a quote of Jung's to imply his sociological/psychological wisdom while ignoring the source (Jung). In the Introduction to the book, Astro states, "I have long believed and I have written elsewhere that "the tragic miracle of consciousness" is, for Steinbeck, man's greatest burden and his greatest glory." In a 1912 interview by the New York Times, Jung stated, ""Man started from an unconscious state and has ever striven for greater consciousness. The development of consciousness is the burden, the suffering, and the blessing of mankind."  How could one possibly ignore the Jung influence on Steinbeck and acknowledge the presence of Jungian Mythologist, Joseph Campbell and his Jungian analyst friend, Elizabeth Ott in Steinbeck's life? While the word "phalanx" is mentioned only once in the Steinbeck book and mainly out of context of Steinbeck's holism concept such as it was used in considering the tide pool as well as its application in considering the community, ala "Cannery Row," "The Moon Is Down," etc.
I liked the movie so much I wanted to read the book. Great story.Wish I had known about the book when the movie first came out.
Another thick complex Conrad adventure has a great vivid setting and his usual playful narrative style that exposes the same story at different times through several different points of view, all which clash over the big silver mine in the center of everything, which seems to control every action in the plot. The most riveting aspects of the tale (outside the revolution and the tortured bonds between the characters) happen but briefly on the water. Comparisons to Lord Jim and Heart of Darkness are inevitable though this one stands out on its own, provided the over detailed writing doesn't off put the casual reader. Once again, as with every Conrad piece, you have to read carefully, and be on the look out for abrupt changes in time, place and thought, which he purposely intertwines to expose a larger picture: a rather effective way to unleash the English language, considering that it wasn't Conrad's original native tongue. Title character Nostromo stands out as the key tormented romantic "hero" but the rest of the abundant cast each have their dramatic moments near and around, and before and after him as well. JC weaves all their lives into the same colorful pattern. The silver mine by the time all is finished has power over each of them, a very hypnotic and manipulative symbol of greed and loss. Don Martin Decoud, next to Nostromo himself, makes an impression as the story's most heartbreaking character. He becomes the most tragic person in the book.
This is one of the finest books on PC troubleshooting ever written. Each chapter contains a list of symptoms, suggestions, and solutions in an accessible format, helping a technician solve even the most obscure  hardware problem quickly. Any book that keeps you from looking like a fool  in front of a customer is worth its weight in gold (and it hasn't let me  down yet).This book is also good for aspiring technicians, presenting  exhaustive (but not overwhelming) coverage of topics you are sure to see on  the A+ or CST exams. The author is kind enough to include useful diagrams  and historical tidbits throughout the work, making the arcane  comprehensible and the boring bearable. How many computer books can you  think of that accomplish such a feat?Mr. Bigelow, if you're reading  this, I would like to thank you for producing such a wonderful book.  Suggesting it to others is the least I can do.
Was required in my astronomy class, but ended up being VERY helpful.  Has work problems that help guide you through the chapters!
I have read almost all of this series and each one has been a great read. I highly recommend them.
What makes this book good, is her reassuring and calming nature. She reiterates over and over, be calm, they will get it. I loved the suggestions- make up songs, read, if they get bored try another tool to keep their attention. I liked that she doesn't give timelines or make you feel like a failure. It's not a lot of hype or get dry quick schemes. I needed the book more for me than my little one.
I like the CompTIA A+ Certification All-in-One Exam Guide, Seventh Edition (Exams).I will recommend CompTIA A+ Certification All-in-One Exam Guide, Seventh Edition (Exams) to all my friends and to all my coworkers.
Question: if you'd known from the start that Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter would be the huge boons to business and to professional networking they became, would you have jumped on them earlier? Would you have tried to get "first-mover advantage" to become the Facebook/LinkedIn/Twitter king or queen at whatever you do? I think most entrepreneurs and high-performance people would answer that with something along the lines of, "(exclamatory) yeah!"That's just where we are right now with Google+ ... but not for long. At times, Guy Kawasaki's hosannas for Google+ may seem over the top, but I think he's really onto something. What makes this network different from Google Wave, the search giant's previous social networking attempt that flopped big time? I'm not sure, exactly, but I do know that Google is throwing its considerable bulk behind making this time a success. Search results will be jerry-rigged to promote Google+ postings. Google+ has cool features like video "hangouts," whereas the other social networks don't. Google+ integrates neatly with all your other Googly stuff, like Gmail, GoogleDocs, YouTube, and other online properties the big G has its tentacles around.Kawasaki explains all this in his book -- What the Plus? What's more, he shows in clear prose and detailed screenshots how to get the most out of the service. I don't know if he plans to keep the book current -- if so, he's signed on for a Sisyphean task, given the constant (accelerating?) pace of change with social networks. For now (see date of this review), most of what he writes is still technically accurate. Even beyond the "how" to use Google+, this is a great book to read for the "why" you should use it.Finally, there's little fluff to speak of. You can read this ebook in one sitting, though you'll probably want to come back to it as you work your way through different features. I'm on Google+, still getting up to speed, but I love it. It's hard to explain, but G+ appeals to me in a way that Facebook never did. Kawasaki uses the apt metaphor of Apple computers vs. Windows PCs. Simply put, Google+ represents a more elegant, thoughtfully designed product. And make no mistake, it's a brand new gold rush for connecting with an audience, promoting a business, sharing value, or just connecting -- and we're still just at the beginning! For now anyway, What the Plus is as complete and easy-to-use a guide as you'll find to this rising star social network.
Disciplined Agile Delivery (DAD) adds yet another agile `flavor' to the many currently floating out there.  What differentiates DAD from the other Agile flavors is that it incorporates many of the best practices of the non-Agile methodologies in order to achieve what the authors refer to as `Agility@scale'.  Too often, agile practices can involve starting from scratch and working in a vacuum.  This will work well for small, self-organizing teams working on isolated software development.  For the rest of us working in Enterprise I.T., working on small, isolated teams is simply not an option.  The integration points too many, the effort too large, infrastructure too intensive or costly and the co-ordination costs are high.This is where DAD steps in.  The authors ambitiously strive to seek a balance between the best of the Agile and Non-Agile project management body of knowledge.  Their emphasis is on delivering solutions, not just software.  Also, the authors also note the wisdom of leveraging existing infrastructure and enterprise solutions without building from scratch.  This is still an Agile approach but one focused more on realities of the medium to large I.T. implementations rather than the small ones.  Whereas most Agile approaches strive to keep teams as small as possible, this approach attempts to scale them up for larger projects by creating (potentially) multiple small teams but by putting in place a minimalist project management co-ordination necessary to keep those teams working for the same goals.  The authors leverage Lean practices, Extreme Programming (XP), Open Unified Process (OpenUp), Scrum, Agile Modeling and Agile Data approaches, as well as a number of other sources, to scale up the successes that Agile approaches have had on smaller implementations.All in all, this is a very good book on a very much needed topic.  With all the acronyms and frequent project manager-speak, it can be a little rough of a read.  This is a good choice for a Project Manager or Team Lead who is struggling to fit their enterprise effort into the small teams recommended by most Agile methods.
Grace Soudley loves the old house she inherited from her aunt and godmother, even if it is crumbling down around her and without furniture. She is recently divorced and in desperate need of funds to repair her old home. Grace is nervously awaiting her first wine tasting since her divorce, when Ellie Summers knocks on her door to sell her a painting. Thinking that the young woman's paintings are beautiful, and to forget her nervousness, Grace invites Ellie in for a tour of her house and some tea. Grace soon learns that Ellie is pregnant, and her boyfriend is not happy about it.Grace and Ellie soon become friends, and when Grace learns the Ellie needs a place to stay, the two decide the best action would be for Ellie to rent out a room from Grace. These two friends get along great together and are trying to find a way to earn enough money for Grace to repair her home, when Grace stumbles over some old paintings that Ellie thinks might be valuable enough to pay for any repairs Grace's old home may need.Restoring Grace is a charming tale of love, laughter, and friendships. This book has an easy flow to it with its lighthearted storyline and lenient characters. I loved watching the transformation and growth of each of these characters throughout the story. Restoring Grace will ease its way into your heart with its humor, honesty, and charm, while also displaying the complexity of relationships.  Katie Fforde has created a fascinating story that will enchant everyone who reads it.Reviewed by: TammyFor Fallen Angel Reviews
The best C book of all in my opinion - maybe K&R; is still essential to have, then this should be the second. For all there who have come to the point to understand that C is a relatively simple language, this is the book that will show you what next to learn about C.As well as the technical valuables, the writing style is really enjoyable to read. Plus, very interesting anecdotes.The chapter about C++ may not be a very important chapter in this book, but it is so well written that it does better teaching C++ than many of the C++ books out there on the market. Gets the essentials and is very balanced instead of "religious".
Easy to read and to understand how diseases have shaped our world. One of the best books I have read on the subject.
Was basically &#34;wandering&#34; around he kindle store and remembered this book from required reading in high school.  Love it, still relevant.
Each sentence uttered by Michael K, the anti-hero of this book, is the voice of sanity, understanding, compassion and truth in a book full of voices of hate and confusion.  Of course it's Michael K who is alledged to be the idiot, the simpleton.  He's the only one who has chosen to listen to the voice inside each of us that says, "This is poison, avoid it, this is paradise, experience it now and stay here".  I was reminded life isn't so very confusing when it's pared down to simplicity.  I don't ever want to be the person with a weapon in my hand telling someone I'm just following orders or I'm just doing my job.  Thank you, Mr. Coetzee for writing books for us to read.
The book was just about perfect for me. I'd studied German in school decades ago and forgotten 90% of it. The material is presented in such a way that the language "came back" to me without a great deal of effort if I worked at it an hour or two daily. The written exercises and quizzes are frequent and important to do; they come in a variety of forms, though never asking to translate English to German or vice versa, which I felt contributed more to an "immersion" experience in the language.I had few complaints, besides the fact that the book's title is misleading - in my opinion, it's IMPOSSIBLE to demystify this language so full of rules and exceptions to rules. The dictionary at the back often lacked words I was looking for, and the index was typically not helpful. Wanting to review something I'd remembered poorly, the index seldom helped me relocate it. However, don't be put off by the slap-happy cover design (which looks like it's meant to compete with "German for Dummies"). The tone of the book is friendly but not playful; it wastes no time getting down to business.
A wonderful work that explores the mysteries of love between men and women and the love between a father's and son's in back drop we'd all love be in....Hawaii.
I read this book in about two or three sittings as the pages flew by.  And although I guessed the main surprise, I still loved the way it all unraveled.  It made me laugh at times (especially with Uncle Julian) and it made me feel sorry for the characters at times.  Merricat was an excellent narrator and I was kind of sad when the book ended.  Recommended to those who like a quick read with three dimensional characters.
I'm not a beginner to some social media, but after reading this book it is quite clear that I didn't really have the specific mindset that I should have been in.  Instead of attempting to market, we need to connect - that is the biggest and most clear message that I received from this book.  By it's nature, social media is, well, social. And to succeed we must be social.  This book outlines lots of different strategies that can be implemented in order meet that goal.My end point: This book is worth the month, and the read.  If you are a small business owner, and attempting to grow and engage in online-media, you better read this before your competitors do.Christopher
Excellent list of rules with concise explanations.  Would be good for seasoned professionals and new to the workforce.The 108 rules are organized in 10 sections1.Walk Your Talk2.Know That Your Being Judged at All Times3.Have A Plan4.If You Can't Say Anything Nice - Shut Up5.Look After Yourself6.Blend In7.Act One Step Ahead8.Cultivate Diplomacy9.Know the System and Milk It10.Handle the OppositionMost of this advise is common sense but sometimes it is good to have reminders.  For the most part if everyone followed these rules the work would be a more pleasant and productive place.
I love how this book explains that its ok to feel overwhelmed and that you don't need to know everything before you begin. What they focus on is giving you steps and strategies on how to begin your business.
Leo the Late Bloomer is another in the vast series of books that made my childhood the happy time it was. I know it has a message about bolstering self esteem and being special in who you are, and in feeling confident that if you wait and do your best, your unique talents will blossom before the world, but you know, twenty years later none of that matters a hill of beans to me. What I seriously recall most is that is the colors in Leo are simply wonderful. I'd sit in my cozy miniature chair with the fluffy orange "fur" on it and I'd stare rapt at the vivid, semi-fluorescent day-glo colors of the flowers, of the tiger's fur, of the birds, of what seemed like every part of this genuinely captivating picture book. In terms of visuals alone, this book will draw any child straight into it. Staring at this used to do something positive to my three-year-old brain and make me happy. I'm being serious. Get this for a 3-4-5 year old and watch what they do. I bet dollars to donuts they stare at the colors and sit with their face about an inch off the page.I don't know what it is about Leo The Late Bloomer, but it connects somehow with the visual/emotional/cognitive centers of the young mind in a way I personally can't remember any other book quite achieving.
In the traditional Unix/C style YAROKR = Yet Another Review Of K&R Book. This book needs no introduction to a software engineer.  I first read it in 1989. This book lays out the foundation and is the most revered books. The industry was saddened when Ritchie died last year. Go read this book, this will lay the foundation.
Ok, I have to disagree...I loved it!  I was frantically turning pages to get to the end.  Tense, tight, taut, and brings back dear old Harry Rex from A Time To Kill.  What's not to love?  I guess the fact that I am a minor law professor (ok, a lawyer and a paralegal instructor!lol)  from a gothic southern background myself might have influenced me somewhat, but I thought it was great!!
Sorry about the title. Anyways, the orphans yet again have another streak of horrible luck, just as bad as when they were being acomodatted at Yucky, errr...Lucky Smells Lumber Mill. This was so much better than book the 4th, even though I gave #4 5 *'s. I'm tired, so I think I'll cut this short. They have a very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very *takes a sip of water* very very very very very very very very very bad streak of luck. FINALLY! Orphans shack, Olaf...oops! Did I say Olaf? An Orphan's Shack and the Quagmires! Oh, and 50000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 hour-long very very very very very very very very very(don't worry, I won't say "very" as long as last time) very very very very long violin recitals. Oh yeah, Lemony's narrarating is still kickbutt! Definately worthy of the SOUE's name!
I highly recommend this book.  It is very funy and entertaining.One of Wodehouse's best!
This is John Steinbeck's finest work!  It is truly a heart-breaking story.  In The Grapes of Wrath you see capitalism at its worst, at its most hateful.  The common man is nothing but scum.  There is a lot of cussing in this book, which I did not appreciate, but that's Steinbeck.  He is still a genius.  The ending is a real shocker!  I never dreamed it would end this way, and when it came, I couldn't believe it!  It depicted, in no uncertain terms, the devastating, unspeakable hunger of a human being and the compassion of another human being in attempting to assuage that hunger.  I saw the movie twice; once before I read the book, and then again after having read the book.  The first time I saw the film, I thought it was great, but after having read the book, the second time I saw the movie, it just did not measure up at all; it was a real disappointment.  I think Hollywood did a mediocre job of trying to bring The Grapes of Wrath to the big screen.  It just didn't work, and of course the ending in the book couldn't possibly have been shown on the screen, not way back in those days, nor in these modern times of anything goes.  It simply would not be possible.  Is your curiosity aroused?  Then read the book.  The Grapes of Wrath is not merely a novel; it is a soul-searing experience!
I liked the compassion Alex has for his family and even for persons he doesn't like.  It's very compelling and keeps you wondering how it can end.  Anyone who likes mysteries and suspense and the right amount of family time should like this book
Reason for Reading: Ds read aloud to me for his reader.This book never fails to stun kids, the first time they read/hear it.  How can a volcano just grow like that?  It seems utterly amazing.  But this is based on a true story and the volcano really did appear in a farmer's cornfield and bury the village with lava and ash.Written in a simple, easy to understand narrative, from the point of view of the farmer's son Pablo.  This is a truly unique story that is sure to please any child, even those who don't usually like non-fiction.  The illustrations are ok.  We weren't too pleased with the depiction of the erupting volcano as it wasn't realistic enough and my son kept asking what's that?, what's happening there? and it was just that the illustrations didn't show the *how* of it very well.  A diagram at this point would have been appreciated.  Fortunately, I was able to explain and illustrate with my hands to his satisfaction.  Otherwise, a very entertaining book.  The Volcano is called Paricutin and it, along with the abandoned village, may be visited today.
Egyptologist Joyce Tyldesley has provided us with a stunning rare glimpse into the lives of ancient Egyptian common and royal women.  This informative, well-researched book discusses the role women played in Egyptian art; marriage; common household life; women's work and leisure activities; grooming; royal women (from harem members to the female pharoahs); religious life and funerary customs for women.  Tyldesley explores every aspect of the lives of these ancient women - from their daily chores and child-rearing practices to their marital relationships and religious affiliations to descriptions of elaborate hairstyles, clothing and jewelry.  Tyldesley provides plenty of interesting photographs and drawings to illustrate her fascinating text, and includes an informative geographical and historical background, maps and a historical chronology of events to help orient the reader.  The book is extremely well organized and well written.  You will come away with a real understanding of and appreciation for the lives of ancient Egyptian women.
I think I've been looking for this electronics book for a long time!  I'm a ham radio operator, and an electronics hobbyist with no formal training in the subject, so I seem to always learn everything the hard way.  Well, Simon Monk has put together a book that should become a real must have item for people like me.  You could be a rank beginner, or an old hand, and still find a world of things in this book that you need to know, or projects you want to try.If you've always wanted to get into electronics as a hobby, this book will help you get started with the very basics.  If, on the other hand, you've been tinkering with Arduino for a long time, and are interested in some new, fresh projects, then this is for you, too.  Another thing I like is that, in this book, Simon Monk has helped me get outside the box with electronic projects.  Let me explain:  Even though I've played around with microcontrollers for a few years, I've bought several books that I hoped would help me learn to think outside the box, and yet when I finished those books, I realized that I had only built a project or two, and that I had not really learned how to progress beyond the confines of those projects. This book is different!  It has some very practical advice all through it that has already helped me make that leap toward improvising some ideas of my own.  Part of its aim is to help you learn to think on your own about what you'd like to do with electronics.For its size, this book is packed with straightforward, useful information.  Mr. Monk hasn't beaten us  to death with the boring details of electronic theory.  Instead, he has given us the meat that we need to get started, and to develop steadily as hobbyists.Sure, if you need great depth in electronics theory, or the superfine details of the inner workings of an Arduino board, this won't be for you.  But if you're ready to learn the basics of electronics hacking, or you're ready to move out of the standard project books, then this is for you.When I was a kid, I used to absolutely love it when my Mother would bring home a book full of projects for boys.  Most of them were loaded with different projects for different skill levels, and I always found dozens of things to do, to keep me busy for a long while.  I didn't do every project, but I found plenty that caught my interest.  They taught me the basic skills, showed me the tools to use, and then turned me loose on the projects. Well, I feel like this book is that same sort of thing for electronics.  I wish this book and the Arduino had been around when I was a kid.  I would never have put it down.  This is just a really neat book, and you need a copy if you love to tinker.
I like Liz Weston's approach.  She's completely cool about discharging debt.  I haven't had to do it but I tend to be generous to anybody with the guts to do it and not merely talk the game.  Some of the most successful people discharge their debt and the richer they are, the less sleep they lose.Weston explains why we believe the average U.S. household carries a lot of credit card debt when the majority of households carry no credit card debt.  The myth of average high credit card debt serves the purpose to make everybody think it's normal to do this.  That is a very hard to myth to demolish.The book explains how credit scores work.  Credit scores can be kept high by not letting a monthly balance become high.  Those cards can be paid here and there throughout the month to keep that number down prior to getting a mortgage.The tips and information from the book go against all the embedded advertising bombarding us.  This is the kind of book worth re-reading once in awhile.
I am rating this book four stars based not on a comparision to literature in general, but in comparision to the body of Rice's work. Anne Rice is not one of her generation's great writers by any stretch of the imagination, and this book suffers from her flaws in general: the language is antiquated and overly florid, the novel conforms to her usual formula (nothing ever happens in the present tense), and her characters are whiny and inconsistent. However, if you are an Anne Rice fan who has been disappointed by her recent offerings (the excremental MERRICK, PANDORA, and VITTORIO) this book will come as a welcome surprise.BLOOD AND GOLD tells the story of Marius. Marius is one of Rice's better characters; he operates mostly by the rules of logic, and his struggle with lonliness over the centuries has a resonance that many other Rice characters lack. This novel does not cover much new ground--most of the story will be familiar to those who have read Rice's other books, but it's told in a way that is somewhat interesting. The word "gripping" is certainly overkill, but "pleasant" is an appropriate descriptor, and I think all that one really should expect from a book of this sort. The conclusion is rightly criticised by many reviewers here, as it essentially warms up the ending from QUEEN OF THE DAMNED and offers it to us again, followed by a sort of non-sequitor, where a vampire named Thorne, who plays almost no role in the story, commits an inexplicable act to complete the bookending of the story.I'm not trying to sound overly negative, though. I did mostly have fun with the book, and if Rice is your thing, I bet you'll mostly enjoy it, too. Just look elsewhere if you want something serious.
"It takes a village to raise a child" is the premise of this seventh chapter in the unfortunate lives of the Baudelaire orphans, where Violet, Klaus, and Sunny find themselves under the guardianship of the village of VFD.  But, as bad luck would have it, The orphans find that this is not an ideal situation, since the people of VFD require the children to do the chores for everyone in the village.  On top of this dismal duty, the Baudelaires soon discover that Duncan and Isadora, the Quagmire triplets, are also being held captive in VFD by that miserable miser Count Olaf.  Will the unlucky siblings be able to clean up after an enormous murder of crows and discover the location of the Quagmires?With each subsequent audiobook in the series, you can sort of sense Lemony Snicket becoming more and more familiar and comfortable with the characters he has created.  He continues to come up with inventive new ways to display the unique talents of each Baudelaire orphan, and The Vile Village even has a little mystery with clever riddles as clues to the solution.In addition to being an accomplished Broadway and Hollywood star, Tim Curry has also been featured in quite a few television shows.  Some of his television credits include episodes of "Wiseguy", "Roseanne", "Tales From the Crypt", "Will and Grace", and "Criminal Minds."  In 1981, Tim Curry hosted an episode of "Saturday Night Live."  In one of the skits, Curry and Meat Loaf ran a "Rocky Horror Picture Show" memorabilia store.  As I mentioned before, Tim Curry starred in that Broadway musical, and I think he was also in the film version.As you have probably noticed by now, I am enjoying A Series of Unfortunate Events quite a bit.  Lemony Snicket is a clever and amusing writer.LEMONY SNIPPET: Just about everything in this world is easier said than done, with the exception of `systematically assisting Sisyphus's stealthy, syst-susceptible sister,' which is easier done than said.
This author manages to combine several different areas, including mythology, archetypes, the writings of the Emerald Tablet - and even the journeys of several celebrities. He organizes these in the seven steps of alchemical personal transformation. If you are interested in incorporating this kind of information into your spiritual journey, you may be interested in this book. It is a good introductory text for understanding alchemy..
This is a very comprehensive book covering the early central bankers of the world.But, for someone without a background in economics, some of the passages, like how the gold standard affects lending, interest rates and commodities may be confusing.Also some of the incidental facts mentioned are humorous as well as thought provoking. Lloyds insured the German merchant fleet before WWI and would have been liable for any tonnage sunk by the Royal Navy.  Hmm, quite the unusual reason to avoid war.  Another was Rockefeller commenting on J.P. Morgan after learning that his net worth on his death was only $80M: "And I thought he was rich."The one thing that kept going through my mind as I read some of the passages was that this book could have been written about the last few years.  The similarities are striking. Even back in the 1920's, the world's bankers were taking note of the gross materialism and overspending in the US.A great book on the egos and economic fallacies throughout the world that lead to the great Depression.
I read this book when I was 15 and it changed my life. I reread it recently and it was a completely different (still wonderful) experience. The bottom line is, you only live once, so you only get one shot at reading it while you're a peer of Holden Caulfield, a protagonist unlike anyone else you'll ever meet. If you're between the ages of 14 and 17, read it now before it's too late.
Good fun mysteries. If you like old fashioned detective stories you'll enjoy it. NIcely written and keeps you reading wanting to know &#34;who done it&#34;.
This book has a catchy title and it caught me as a new year was dawning and I was trying to come up with New Year's Resolutions. This is the first book I read this year, and it did serve as a very good New Year's Resolution--to get organized and be more productive! I have read similar books before, and they were also good, like Getting Things Done by David Allen, but I failed to implement the suggestions and form good productive habits. Attack Your Day features an easy to follow plan that I am following with good results. As I get more productive, I am inspired to go back to Allen's Getting Things Done to incorporate those ideas into my scheme of things, too.The first part of Attack Your Day describes 6 buckets you need to set up to keep your valuable data. Things like calendars, so-called To Do lists, phone numbers, and so forth. Instead of trying to remember everything, you write it down, with a system for retrieving the info when needed. Review your plans often enough to prevent important things from falling through the cracks. Prioritize activities--some have to be done today, while others can wait--and some are total time wasters that should never be done at all. One of the most important buckets is your daily plan. This book recommends that you should spend at least a half hour a day writing up this plan. If you are too stressed out to spend at least a half hour planning, you really need to plan. That is the main symptom of failure to plan.After you've set up your 6 buckets, you need to be flexible when dealing with emergencies and interruptions. After all, the interruptions are why you have a job in the first place. They made up a word to describe the talent needed: Flexecute. The three most important things in taking care of business are flexecute, flexecute, flexecute. This is the ability to execute your plan with flexibility. To deal with interruptions and then regain focus. Also, it is organizing your time around activities, instead of following a rigid schedule. Having productive things to do while waiting in line, etc.The second half of Attack has about 100 short tips on saving time and being productive. You could just blast through them, but I like to pick a few that look promising and practice them daily until they become habits. If you can do something every day for 3 weeks, you have a new habit. Since I am a creature of habit, it makes sense to form good habits.Attack Your Day offers a simple plan to get organized and achieve your goals. The hard part is actually doing it. Wish me luck.
This book gives a real good perspective of the Vietnam war. It explains the difficult situations that soldiers find themselves facing in every day life in a war.
Closure. Coleman Silk tells his class, there is never closure. But Coleman is not a novelist and Philip Roth is. Philip Roth is a very clever novelist. Some would say diabolically clever. If you have a doubt on this score, read the last line at the bottom of this page and then re-read the book.Before you do that, you need to know  that this book contains little of Roth's usual  preoccupation with his own Jewishness---How does Sol Bellow do this without being so self-indulgent? --- What is different here is that Roth resorts to a cute literary gimmick.  It's a lot like the one used in the movie The Sixth Sense. You almost have to see, or in this case, read, the book twice to understand what the author has pulled off.  Unless you discover the gimmick, you are unlikely to get it; get the point; get closure.There are lots of hints if you know where to look. There are all those lies. Different types of lies. Good lies and bad lies. Coleman lies to recreate himself into a new Gatsby type upwardly mobile "immigrant" in a post WWII society. Bill Clinton lies about his relationship with Monica. Faunia lies so that she can remain in her protective shell. The spooks lie when they call Coleman a racist. Delphine lies to herself about her feelings for Coleman. The government lies to us about casualties in Viet Nam.  Les lies about his rehabilitation. And, Zuckerman lies to the reader when he places Les at the scene of the fatal crash.
As a novel this richly deserves five stars: I agree with The New York Times that it is 'one of the best mysteries of all time.' This story has raised genuine interest among many people in the real history of Richard III and the murder of the Princes in the Tower, and made them examine the evidence for themselves.The style and many details of the novel also present a charming picture of Britain shortly after WWII, the period in which this book was written and set.But this is a work of fiction, not a history book, and the reader cannot assume that the evidence quoted by the characters in the novel comprises the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.In this 1951 novel a police inspector, lying in a hospital bed after an accident, decides to try to solve the mystery of whether Richard III really murdered his young nephews, the former Edward V and his brother, Richard Duke of York, known as the Princes in the Tower. The evidence he discovers convinces him, and has subsequently convinced many of those who have read the novel, that Richard was innocent and the boys were actually murdered by his successor, Henry VII.When I first read this story as a boy, I enjoyed it immensely and it persuaded me for a while to take very seriously the possibility that Richard was not responsible for the murder, though even at that stage I could not accept the argument that Henry was to blame. The balance of evidence seems to suggest that the boys died in 1483 or 1484, which clears Henry Tudor as he was then an exile in France. (That in itself does not prove Richard's guilt - an alternative theory is that the Duke of Buckingham had the boys murdered.)I reread the book as an adult, and still found it extremely entertaining as a work of fiction, but this time I noticed a larger number of statements which the reader would be wise not to take as gospel.For example, the hero of the book, Inspector Grant, convinces himself that there was "no contemporary accusation" against Richard III of killing his nephews. This is not true. In January 1484 de Rochfort, the Lord Chancellor of France alleged openly at the Estates General (French Parliament) that Richard had had his nephews murdered.Many historians now suspect that Rochfort may have based this allegation on an account by Dominic Manchini, an Italian who visited England from 1482 to 1483, and who reported that it was suspected that the boys had been "done away with." Mancini in turn may have gained this view either from popular gossip in London or from Doctor John Argentine, who had been treating Edward V in the tower for an illness and who is one of the last people known to have seen the boys alive.Nor was the French government the only foreign power whose agents told it during or very shortly after Richard's reign that he had murdered his nephews: for example a Spanish envoy, Diego de Valera, wrote to the King and Queen of Spain in 1486 that"It is sufficiently well known to your Royal Majesties that this Richard killed two innocent nephews of his, to whom this realm belonged after his brother's death."Note that de Valera is not expecting this to be news: in a private letter to the rulers of Spain by one of their own people who does not appear to have had an axe to grind on behalf of the new Tudor regime, he takes for granted that his superiors will already share his assumption that Richard III killed the princes in the tower and that this will be "sufficiently well known" not to need further discussion.Alison Weir's book (see below) mentions half a dozen other sources dating to Richard III's reign or within a year of his death which accuse him of the murder.None of which proves Richard III guilty of killing the princes, but it does blow to smithereens the argument for Richard's innocence that there were no contemporary accusations that he had done so. There is no reasonable doubt that there really were allegations that Richard had killed the boys both during his reign and shortly afterwards.If the boys were still alive and well in early 1484 or when these rumours and allegations first started to circulate, Richard would have been very foolish not to squash them at the outset by producing the boys in public or in front of credible witnesses. And the one thing which none of Richard's worst enemies ever called him was a fool.Indeed, the most likely alternative if Ricahrd didn't have the boys killed is death by natural causes: 15th century medicine and hygiene were diabilical and the former Edward V was known to be unwell, which is why Doctor John Argentine was treating him. Death from natural causes would also fit one of the strongest pieces of evidence which Grant unearths: that the boy's mother, Elizabeth Woodville, appears to have remained on surprisingly good terms with Richard until his death.In the novel, when Inspector Grant learns of the speech made by the Lord Chancellor of France, he and the other character in the story who is working with him immediately recognise this allegation as a serious threat to the case for Richard's innocence. But then Inspector Grant decides to dismiss it as a politician scoring a propaganda point, argues that Rochfort was repeating a libel fed him by Richard III's enemy Cardinal Morton, and goes back to making a major part of his case for Richard's innocence the fantasy that there was "no contemporary accusation." If the good inspector had ever made a statement that far from the truth while giving evidence in a courtroom, he would have been lucky to avoid a charge of professional misconduct.Indeed, Grant convinces himself that any evidence which doesn't fit his theory has been concocted by Cardinal Morton, and disregards it. He argues that Sir Thomas More's account of the murder might also have been taken from, or even written by, Cardinal Morton. Research by Brian Spencer published in 1973, many years after this novel, casts considerable doubt on this theory.Grant dismisses an important contemporary source, the "Chronicles of Croyland" as the work of an ignorant monk who may, yet again, have been repeating a story fed him by Morton. Most modern historians including some who are relatively sympathetic to Richard III such as Elizabeth Jenkins, think that the sections of this chronicle relating to his reign are actually the work of Dr John Russell, Bishop of Lincoln and Richard III's own Lord Chancellor.There are also serious holes in some of Grant's arguments that Henry VII was the real murderer. For example, Henry went to considerable lengths to suppress the arguments Riohard had used to justify declaring his nephews illegitimate and claiming the throne: he ordered the destruction of all copies of the act of parliament ("Titulus Regius") which proclaimed Richard as King. Inspector Grant presents this as an argument for Henry VII's guilt and suggests that the only possible reason for Henry trying to destroy the documents concerned is that he had something to hide.That argument does not hold water. Henry had a much more obvious and less sinister motive: he had married Elizabeth of York, the sister of the Princes in the tower, who would also have been illegitimate if the basis on which Richard took the throne were valid. Henry's position on the throne and his policy of reconciliation between Lancastrians and Yorkists would both have been weakened if that were the case: almost the last thing he could afford would be people repeating the allegation that his Queen was illegitimate.Ironically, the germ of truth behind one of Grant's main arguments for Richard's innocence is also an argument for Henry's. Although there certainly were contemporary accusations and rumours that Richard had murdered his nephews, and Henry Tudor profited greatly from them, neither Henry nor his closest associates publicly and explicitly made that accusation against Richard at the time. The most likely explanation for this surprising silence was that Henry was not absolutely certain that the boys were dead, and feared looking like a fool or a liar if Richard or anyone else could produce them. And if Henry was not certain that the boys were dead, he cannot have murdered them.Elizabeth Jenkins, a historian who shares the view put forward by Josephine Tey in this novel that Richard III was a much better King and man than he is sometimes given credit for, notes that"It must be admitted that both Richard III and Henry VII were thoroughly formidable, and that to be found standing in the way of either of them was a fatal misfortune."I've put some of the other side of the case here, not because "The Daughter of Time" is a bad book or a bad argument, but to demonstrate that it should be appreciated for what it is, a hugely entertaining and informative novel putting one side of a fascinating mystery, and encouraging people to challenge evidence and think for themselves about received wisdom. And not for what it isn't, an objective appraisal which "proves" Richard's innocence.The one thing which all sides should be able to agree on with certainty concerning the deaths of the princes in the tower is that whether they were murdered or died of natural causes, whoever ordered their deaths or was responsible for them at the time so successfully suppressed or altered the evidence that we can never prove beyond reasonable doubt what really happened. There is no way that a properly-run modern court would convict Richard III, Henry VII, or the Duke of Buckingham on the evidence which survives.If you want to study the controversy, one history book which I can particularly recommend as a good starting point is "The Princes In The Tower" by Alison Weir, a clear and well-argued book which comes down firmly of the view that Richard murdered his nephews, and indeed that he also murdered quite a few other people.A somewhat different view of Richard is given by Elizabeth Jenkins in her book, also called "The Princes in the Tower" which, as mentioned, shares Josephine Tey's view that Richard had many "fine traits of character and intelligence" who made "an excellent beginning in his short time as King" and clears him of several of the murders of which he is often accused. But not that of his nephews: while she does not regard the case for his guilt as completely proven, she argues that the circumstantial evidence for his guilt is "so strong as to be almost conclusive."An early and very forthright exponent of Richard III's innocence and Henry VII's guilt was Sir Clements Markham, who put forward his views in "Richard III, His Life and Character: Reviewed in the Light of Recent Research (1906), while a more modern view sympathetic to Richard is offered in "Royal Blood: Richard III and the Mystery of the Princes" by Bertram Fields.But for all the doubts that I now have about Inspector Grant's conclusions, this book can and should be enjoyed as "One of the 20th Century's great works of Fiction" and it is on that basis that I have given it five stars.
The 1930s was a valley of despair as dictators arose in Europe; the Great Depression weakened America and the Dust Bowl and other ecological disasters swept across the southwestern states.John Steinbeck (1902-68) wrote "The Grapes of Wrath" telling the story of the migrant workers hegira from their Oklahoma and neighboring states homes westward to the California orange and cotton fields. In this remarkable novel we travel, suffer, laugh, cry, mourn and endure with the Joad family of Sallisaw, Oklahoma. The 455 page Penguin edition is nicely edited including footnotes and a useful introduction and bibliography of books about the novel and its author John Steinbeck.The Joads are forced to leave their home following a bank foreclosure. They decide to travel to California based on a handbill promising good jobs in the golden state. They ruefully discover that this is a false promise to induce hundreds of thousands to travel west so that the owners won't have to pay the workers a decent wage. The journey is analogous to the Hebrews slaves escape from Egyptian captivity as they sought out the Promised Land under the leadership of Moses in the bibilcal book of Exodus. Consider the affinities:1. 12 persons are in the Joad party as there were 12 tribes of Israel.2. The elderly grandparents grandpa and grandma Joad die before California is reached; similar to the death of Moses on Mount Horeb and the death of the exodus generation before Israel was settled.3. Water and the crossing of rivers is important in both Exodus and The Grapes of Wrath.The book has many memorable characters:Rose of Sharon-This Joad young woman is deserted by her husband Connie while she is pregnant. In the last unforgettable scene of the book she gives her breast filled with milk to a starving vagrant in a dank barn.Noah Joad is a mentally damaged Joad son who decides to stay by a river and fish instead of moving west with the family.Al Joad is the youngest Joad brother. He chases girls in all the camps the family stays in and keeps the beat up truck going down the road. As the novel ends he is engaged to be married to a fellow migrant girl of 16.The book abounds in minor characters which range from a determined turtle eager to reach his destination (much like the Joads are eager to reach the Golden State); slutty waitresses, burly truck drivers and fellow migrants suffering the slings and arrows of Depression era poverty. The language in The Grapes of Wrath is graphic, profane and based on the ungrammatical speech of poorly educated country people.The novel's title "The Grapes of Wrath" is taken from the second line of Julia Ward Howe's "The Battle Hymn of the Republic." The book is a battle cry for justice to the poor migrants of the 1930's. "The Grapes of Wrath" is still a controversial novel since its publication in 1939. Interpretations and critical judgments vary. Read the book and decide for yourself! This is a great American classic every literate person should peruse. Outstanding in its gritty reality and compassion for the suffering multitudes!4. A dead baby is placed in a box and floats down a river in The Grapes of Wrath reminding one of Moses in the bullrushes.5. Natural disaster in The Grapes of Wrath are reminiscent of the plagues of Egypt in Exodus such as drought, floods and disease.There are other biblical resonances. Jim Casey (his initials are the same as Jesus Christ) is murdered by a mob for defending the poor and weak as Jesus was crucified on the cross. Tom Joad is a doubting Thomas figure and Uncle John with his insistence on sin reminds us of John the Baptist.The book is filled with memorable characters:Tom Joad-the prodigal son who murders a man in a fight and is sent to prison; later he will kill again in defense of Jim Casey. Tom was played with brilliance by Henry Fonda in the John Ford classic film "The Grapes of Wrath."Ma Joad is the matriarch of the family. Tough and sentimental she holds the family together.Rose of Sharon-Deserted by her husband Connie she is pregnant. In the last unforgettable scene of the book she will give her breast to a man who is starving and needs milk.Ruthie and her brother are children.Noah is a mentally deficient Joad who leaves the family to live by a river.Tom Joad Sr. is somewhat weak and defers to Ma Joad in family decisions.Al is the young hot pants brother of Tom and Noah who is a good driver and keeps the truck going which transports the family to California.There are many memorable minor characters; destitute families, waitresses at the diners on the road; animals such as the turtle who symbolizes the determination of the Joads to cross the road and move forward; dogs and the animals of the night. The book is also exquisite in its portrait of the American landscape in the hardscrabble years of the 1930s. Steinbeck is a genius at reproducing how poor Americans talked at this time. The language is ungrammatical and laced with profanity and folk wisdom.The best place the Joads were able to stay was the Weedpatch federal camp based on one Steinbeck visited. The novel takes its title from Julia Ward Howe's "The Battle Hymn of the Republic." This book is a battle cry for justice for the poor and the need for Americans to work together to restore dignity and hope to the millions who were devastated by economic hard times.The Grapes of Wrath is a controversial novel with many interpretations being offered. Every American needs to read this book; decide for yourself and read this essential novel of the American experience by a great author!You will never forget "The Grapes of Wrath."
I agree with another reviewer who enjoyed plunging into this novel ignorant of plot details or twists.  Know this: it's worth the effort to turn each page, and you'll be turning them quickly.  The narrative vehicle McEwan uses is pure genius. Unreliable narrators (children, for example) are my weakness and I love falling for it, or at least wondering what truly might be happening.  A wonderful treat, and weighty as it is enjoyable.
I personally do not see how this book has an average rating of three and a half stars. Yes, it's a sad story, but so are 70% of other books, unless it's some stupid romance junk or something. Along with Of Mice and Men, East of Eden, and The Grapes of Wrath, The Pearl ranks amongst the best of John Steinbeck's writings.Five huge yellow stars.
The Little Platinum Book of Cha-Ching! is an expanded and revised edition of The Patterson Principles of Selling written in 1998. I always prefer I'm told that a book is a revision. But this may not bother most people.John Patterson is the man who bought the patent for the cash register in 1880 and formed The National Cash Register Company (NCR.)  He was a great businessman. Unfortunately, however, not much was written about him until Gitomer brought his words back to life.It does annoy me, however, that the author has brought this same book out many times under slightly different titles.Patterson's Principles are worth keeping on your desk. Here's a list of the 32.5 principles covered in the book:1. Think!2. Self-belief3. Positive mental attitude is determined by you. Not others.4. Boot camp separates the winner from the wanna-be winner.5. Survival and success are a combination of knowing and doing.6. Studying. The first discipline of knowledge.7. Your library is the artisan well of knowledge.8. Planning prevents wandering and provides direction.9. Use "today time management."10. Prospect for probably purchasers to build your business organically.11. Increase business connections to increase sales.12. Creating the demand converts selling to buying.13. A prepared demonstration means personalized.14. Gain interest with information about the customer.15. Questions lead to answers. Answers lead to harmony. Answers lead to productivity. Answers lead to customers.16. Listening leads to understanding17. Less sell-talk-time lead to more-buy-time.18. Your message must be as compelling as your product to engage anyone - especially your customer.19. An objection is the gateway to a sale.20. Selling is not manipulating; selling is harmonizing.21. Complete the sale with an agreement to buy and be certain to give them a receipt22. Service is the reputation for the next sale. And the basis for a loyal customer.23. Extra service leads to the "testimonial word."24. Referrals are better earned than asked for.25. Advertising brings awareness. Testimonial advertising brings customers.26. Success in business is not just about people, it's about GREAT people.27. Competition means prepare to be your best.28. Recognize and thank those who have helped you succeed.29. To get loyalty, you must GIVE loyalty.30. Decide. It doesn't matter if it's right or wrong. Decide!31. You become known by the actions you take. Take ethical actions.32. If you have done your homework and prepared well, it will be evident in your success report card.32.5 If it has been working for 100 years or more, don't even think about changing it.I found most of this common sense. I don't know that there anything here that should come as a surprise.The principles on advertising interested me. Especially the one about testimonials. It sort of makes sense but it really doesn't explain how to use testimonials effectively. Of course, this is a basic book and doesn't go into detail nor is it intended to.These principles were written over 100 years ago but they're still good and they still work. This is one of the fascinating things about principles. If they worked once, chances are they'll work again (in most cases.)This is a good book to keep on your desk and refer to daily. It's something that will give you a bit of motivation and something good to put in your work day.
This is a very important book to hear another version of the cause of the Great Recession and the role of FNMA/FHLMC in our mortgage market.  Tim Howard was the former CFO of FNMA during the early 80s to 2004 and brings an entirely different perspective with benefit of this history.  First it must be remembered that these were quasi govt entities, actually they were both private companies with an &#34;implied&#34; govt guarantee of the debt.  What this book does a great job of detailing is a more full history of FNMA when they were struggling in the early 80s with high interest rates that very nearly took them under.  From this weak financial background Howard details their survival, their enhanced risk structure, the creation of callable agencies that allowed for more perfect matching of assets/liabilities but also the mechanism to leverage and grow their balance sheet no matter the demand for mortgages.Howard builds a compelling case which was mirrored in my history selling up to $1 billion of mortgages per year, none with loan to value ratios above 80% w/o mortgage insurance. Howard confirms this is a charter requirement for their existence. His discussion later shifts to the uncontrolled growth of private label mortgage securitizations where total incentive was for profit. But this is only done after the exhaustive history of FNMA. I have viewed a study from 2001-08 showing that the highest severe delinquent for agency securitizations was under 7% while private label securitizations (subprime  & jumbo loans) was over 32%.  But why does the public continue to try to make this a political issue vs an issue of unbridaled Wall Street greed that I see?  Sadly, we are a simplisitic and polarized country searching for a simple answer when the real problem is much more nuanced.  Gretchen Morgenstern of the NYT wrote a book called Reckless Endangerment blaming FNMA and their political connections for the issue.  I would love to see Howard debate her on this issue as he is armed with incredible detail from his review in his legal case and their books were directly opposed in view.Of course this book does mention his removal by the regulators who claim improper hedging techniques.  Charges that have been completely disavowed.  That is not the reason to read this book.  This book provides a roadmap and proof, as well as opinion, on what the cause of the crash was.  But truly, it starts with a history of FNMA which is critically important to understanding the ultimate outcome.  i would add that there is a reason FNMA/FHLMC are currently still in existence:  they provide a valuable service that even 5 years after the recession cannot be replaced.  But, let's continue to argue politics and still away from real solutions and real reasoning.  Read this book for a look at some of those reasons.  Yes, it's biased in his belief.  But he provides compelling information supporting his case.
In the last few years a strong interest in Buddhism came into my life. I've read all the "beginner's books" that talk about the basic ideas, who The Buddah was when human and what practical things you can do such as not gossip or skip meat (which I do anyway). THIS book, Buddhism plain an simple, asks a lot more of you. It takes some thinking and some soul searching as the author gets down to the real meaning of the message in its rawest form. You have to decide how you feel and if you ar capable of being truly awake, and what that means. It is easy to read but provokes some difficult thoughts - as a spiritual book should! Forget statues, robes or "religion" if you will, this book wants to know if you want to be enlightened and what that really means. Can you forget the self and truly see the recipe for peace that lies at all of our feet. A do not miss book.
What a miserable life our Frost leads!However, I don't feel sorry for him, because I know everyting will be all right  with him in the end of the story.I like happy-ending stories, and so I like this seiries of Inspector Frost.
I liked this book very much. I don't know that much about the British History, specially the monarchy, but this book gave me great insight on Elizabeth's reign. I ended up knowing much more about her, and understanding her influence on other kingdoms such as the Scots and the Spanish. I recommend it.
'Of Mice and Men' is not the greatest classic ever but it is a great story of friendship. Though it's short, I still found some parts a little hard to understand. I thought some parts were really interesting while others were a little dull and could've been better said. Overall though it's a pretty good read.
As someone with a technical background, but little knowledge or experience with electronics who is seeking to design and build some special purpose circuits, this is a perfect book.  It is well written and very readable (a major plus).  It covers the basics, and expands on them to cover some advanced principles.  It is well indexed so finding topics is easy.  It has a wealth of knowledge on almost every facet of modern electronics.This book provides a broad background, and deep and practical knowledge of electronics.  It provides diagrams of hundreds of circuits, so you can quickly find something close to what you are trying to do, see how it works and find enough theory and background that you can figure out how to get from the example to what you are trying to do without another reference or book.  This is very useful.I have purchased other electronics books, but this makes the rest obsolete.  It is now the only one I use.  While it does not replace an electrical engineering degree, it comes damn close covering most of what a bachelors program will span in the first two years.
liked this book very much. have only recently found this authur Amaldur Indredason and having read a couple of the Reykjavik murder mysteries  and enjoyed them i find myself looking forward to reading more of the same. the places and people in these books seem to draw you in would recommend to all murder mystery fans
A great peek into the mind of an autistic boy. A simply told tale that keeps you wanting to turn the page. Mark Haddon has created a character that readers will want to hold close to them, but of course you can't.
Written like a thesis.  One must devote several days and serious thought to understand the author's conjecture, but definitely worth the time.
I LOVE this cookbook! The recipes are so so good and so varied. There are a lot of different food cultures included which really help to get a wide variety of dishes. The book itself is easy to use, broken down in a logical way, fantastic index. And if you are like me, I need pictures, the pictures are simply beautiful and rustic and mouthwatering. Other reviewers have complained about the availability of ingredients, but I found most of the recipes to include easy to find ingredients. I can't recommend this book highly enough!Tip: preserved lemons are called for in several recipes and can be hard to find in the US. They can be made at home easily, google a recipe:)
This book provides a great introduction to the field of behavioral economics, especially as it influences day-to-day investor activity (both personal and institutional).  It ranges widely throughout the topic, and references a lot of "experts" (primarily academic) to gain insights in every area possible.  I especially appreciated the suggestions scattered throughout the book on ways to potentially increase investment returns through a better understanding of how irrational investor behavior influences markets... most of it seems pretty sound.  I also feel like I gained some insight into how I make my own investor decisions, and have committed to avoid several of the "intuitive" mistakes that the author points out.I do have two gripes about the book though (otherwise, it'd get 5 stars):  First, there are typos galore scattered throughout.  Every few pages I would notice something else that a proofreader/editor should have caught (but I'm a stickler, you may not be so picky).  Second, although Adler (the author) frequently points out contributions to the field of behavioral economics made by certain people, and occasionally even mentions their key papers, there is no bibliography or reference section!  If I wanted to follow up, and learn a little more about a certain topic, I'd have to do some work to track down the original sources.  I feel these should have been provided in the book.Anyway, good job David Adler, bad job Financial Times Press.  This book provides a great introduction to investor psychology, which most other investing books teach nothing about.  In that sense, it's a great book for diversifying your knowledge of investing.
This book is about a hare named Tammo. He wanted to be in a group of  highly praised hares called the Long Patrol. The long patrol is a bunch of skilled hares that defend a huge mountain called Salamandastron; this is also where they live. A squirrel named Russa Nordry is taking Tammo to be in the Long Patrol. He gets with the Long Patrol and there is only a small group of them. They are going to Redwall abbey to help them from the big army come to the abbey. The abbey is full of peace-loving creatures such as; mice otters, and moles. Before the war the abbey has gone through problems. To find out more and what happens to Redwall, read the book.Some things I liked about the book were that it had a lot of action and action and suspense throughout the whole book, especially at the last battle at the end of the book. Many events take place during it making it a very suspenseful book. There is many more things I liked about this book, but I can't tell you all of them.Some bad things about the book are: it's only a type of book for people who like war. It also took a long time to pick up. There was barely any action at first, but when it picked up it got really good.This is a good book and I recommend it to people who like suspense, war, and action.
The Ikea Edge was written by former CEO Anders Dahlvig who spent 26 years with the company. The last ten years, from 1999 to 2009, as its leader. The reason he decided to write this book was to reinforce his belief that the success of the company was their adherence to traditional business goals while also stressing the importance of social and environmental responsibility.While Dahlvig shares personal experiences of his time at Ikea, he also lays out a roadmap for other companies who are interested in learning from his experience. After all, Ikea continued to grow and thrive while many companies around the world were going out of business.Reading this book and following key ideas will help guide business leaders and the heads of companies who want to replicate the success of Ikea. This is a must read book for students who are attending classes in business management and marketing, or anyone who wants to learn how to become a better leader, business owner, or CEO.The IKEA Edge: Building Global Growth and Social Good at the World's Most Iconic Home Store
I praise a lot of books but I can't recall a review where I've flat out stated, "You have to read this."If you have a kid who will be going to college, you have to read this book.O'Shaughnessy debunks a lot of commonly held assumptions about one's choice of colleges or universities, particularly as regards financial aid. One example: a family might expect their high-performing student to accumulate the least student debt by looking to a local public university, but in fact a private liberal arts college - maybe one hungry for talented out-of-state applicants - might actually offer the best combination of scholarships, loans and grants. The author repeatedly tells the reader that you have to knock on doors, and ask for that competitive financial aid package. You may not find that attractive offer at the local U. or the Ivy Leagues, or at other better known institutions.She also gives some excellent, if brief advice on student loan financing, with a pointer to the student loan justice website, which gives much needed insight into our current "education" bubble and a reality check as to how students may intelligently assess their loan to anticipated future income ratio.Overall, O'Shaughnessy seems unfortunately reticent when it comes to assessing options for less advantaged students whose parents are unable to contribute much to the cost of education. This book addresses retention and the measure of how many kids actually graduate from a given school in 4 years as a quality indicator, but not so much the reality of working and going to school at the same time, (which may indeed make college a 5 or 6 year proposition), or being an at-home commuter student, or how a student may secure additional financial aid if his or her parents cannot qualify to borrow or co-sign on the student's behalf. I think this reticence may come from such topics being outside the author's comfort zone, or even out of fear of patronizing or offending less affluent families, but the kids who most urgently need this sort of advice are those who are starting out with the fewest resources. Considering a Junior College for the first two years out of high school, as mentioned by the author, is one strategy, but O'Shaughnessy somehow overlooks the availability of college credit-earning AP courses in many high schools - while not free, these courses can be a huge net money saver for the ambitious high schooler.  (My eldest is looking to graduate college a year early -- because she brought with her nearly a year's worth of high school AP college credits to the "U".  She was also reimbursed by a program through the HS for the costs of several of her AP classes, contigent upon her AP test scores.  This may not be typical for many school districts, but it definitely pays to ask.)Many parents of younger teens already know that the process of getting to the right school really starts in the middle schools, when often students are sorted onto various standard, remedial, and accelerated or "honors" tracks. Induction in the National Junior Honor Society (known to many middle schoolers as the "Beta Club") can help motivate the kids to keep up those GPAs through middle school and into high school. States often reward higher test scores and GPAs with college grants - example: the KEES program in Kentucky. As a parent, I'm somewhat troubled by the pressure put on younger teens as regards test scores, etc., but if you aren't thinking about their academics in middle school, they may miss out on significant opportunities in high school -- that's just a reality.It will be some years before my middle schoolers go off to college, but I don't feel like it's too early for me to start planning with them -- some of their more gifted peers have already (!) been preliminarily recruited by colleges.  About 10% of U.S. 6th graders today are offered the opportunity to take the SAT or ACT test in 7th grade, through talent search programs sponsored by major regional universities. I think this book could benefit greatly from touching on these early academic milestones that can have significant impact on a student's future.What you really need to be ready for those college plans and choices, likely goes well beyond the scope of this book.  (As are strategies for post-grad work.) That said, "The College Solution" is THE primer to get you started on a solid footing.  Read it when your kids are still "too young to think about" college.
Jim Hardy teaches both the one and the two plane swings, but has a bias for the one plane. The eye opener to me was the distinct difference between the two, and the realization that I had, on my own and through lessons, incorporated some features of both into my swing. That is fatal for most swings, and it was for mine. After vacillating between the two for several weeks, I decided to go with the one plane. Hardy makes it clear that either swing is fine, discusses how to decide which is best for you, instructs in both, and gives drills for both. It really helps to have a pro help with either swing, but make sure you have a pro who fully understands and can teach the plane that you want. (You will learn enough from the book to evaluate your pro). The DVD set is a little wordy, but as a visual person, I find it more useful than the book.
I bought this when it first came out, after realizing I hadn't actually read a new Christmas story since grade school. I'm not sure what I expected, but the book is entertaining and the characters are fairly amusing. I'm not a fan of Grisham's more well-known works, but if they aren't your preferred reading material, don't compare those with this book. This story will (hopefully) never be a holiday TV cartoon, but it's worth offering to everyone in the family for at least one read-through.
I love the book and it's just what I expected. am trying out the recipes. fast service. I received it in just days. thanks Amazon.
There is a prevailing idea some people have that in business, the cream of the crop move up; while in government, connections are everything. Disclosure is the late Michael Chrichton's outstanding rebuttal to that notion. Tom Sanders, a product manager for a tech company, learns he is passed over for a promotion in a company about to go public. He is surprised to find out his new boss is an old flame from a decade ago. Within 24 hours, the ex-girlfriend and Division V.P., puts Tom in a very compromising position. His rejection of her advanced unleashes a war with the potential to bring down a major corporate merger.Though the novel is a bit dated, themes of sexual harassment, gender politics, and workplace discrimination still ring true. Most authors would write a book in which the woman was a plaintiff in a sexual harassment case. Crichton's twist in making a man the protagonist brings a whole new set of interesting questions. Can a woman rape a man? Is there a double-standard in workplace sexual misconduct? Will the law treat a male subordinate with the same level of support? This should be required reading for business students. 4/5 stars.
This is a shorter read than many of Heyer's other books.  But it contains all of the classic details that Heyer loves to put in a story.The gist of the story is that a Miss Wychwood befriends a young girl, Lucilla, who is running away from home.  Lucilla has lost both of her parents and has been living with relatives.  Bottom line, the relatives have protected her from society and refuse to let her "come out".  They are trying to arrange her marriage and she is fleeing from that.Miss Wychwood turns out to be a very strong willed young woman who is independent, secure in who she is and unafraid of what others think of her.  At the age of nine and twenty she is becoming "old".  She has turned down many offers of marriage because she has yet to be "in love" with any of those men.The story is somewhat predictable, Miss Wychwood meets a man who is rude, strong willed, controlling and a womanizer.  But still she falls in love.  The question is, will he fall in love with her.  The suspense comes from the twists and turns that fate brings their way.  The man, Mr. Carleton, is Lucilla's uncle.  He is also her guardian.  So, he is frustrated that Miss Wychwood has taken Lucilla into her care.Heyer does a great job of weaving many characters together in a way that makes you either love them or hate them.  You find yourself cheering for the underdog and desiring the best for people whom life seems to have dealt a hard blow.  Finally, the cast of characters is so well developed that you even learn to like the servants who show that they are not just backdrop, but vital to the story line.I highly recommend this book to all Regency fans.  BUT, I must say that Regency Buck by Georgette Heyer is still my favorite.
In this somewhat rambling novel Saul Bellow contrasts the life in communist Romania with that in Chicago. Basically it's an indictment of much in American society. Dean Albert Corde is in Romania with his wife Minna where her mother is dying in a hospital. Bureaucratic red tape makes it impossible for Minna to visit her mother, though finally she's permitted just one visit. Meanwhile, Corde is contemplating the fallout of some controversial articles he's written for "Harper's" on Afro-Americans and the underclass. Romanian society is depicted as cold (it's no accident the story takes place in winter) and distant, while America is shown to be disorderly and confused, especially in the inner cities. Some of Bellow's observations are acute, but too much of the novel is sacrificed to the dissection of ideas by means of seemingly endless conversations. The novel almost talks itself to death despite all the pertinent analyses of public issues, from prisons to public housing, that Bellow examines. Interestingly, Corde solves his problem as Dean by resigning, but the reader wonders what will be next for him: "I'm quiet enough as a rule," he says. "I don't like controversy." Somehow it's hard to believe Bellow would be satisfied with that self-assessment from the hero of this novel.
Throughout his writing career Michael Crichton has been charactorized by his excellent use of technological fact. This knowledge was than compiled to make a book that could really get the heart pounding. Timeline failed to  do that. While the story was excellent, the suspense was not there. Sadly,  I finished this book a bit dissapointed.
This is the third Sebastian Faulks book I have read, and like other readers, he had me with Birdsong and I've been a fan since. A Possible Life is written in five different sections and each short novella is an altogether different story but as with people in real life, each story shares a common thread-though all the stories are not connected or shared with characters nor with a common history as each story is vastly varied in time and place. The commonality of life and struggle are examined.Sebastian Faulks is a wonderful writer-he remains one of my favorites. This book may not appeal to all, but each individual story is compelling and interesting to read. Some may feel that the connections could be stretched, but each story is well written and sends the reader to the engaging locale and to make a connection with the characters whether they are male or female, young or aging.I wish some of the stories were longer because some of them appealed to me more than others and some characters I identified with easier and enjoyed their stories. All of the stories are intriguing and wortwhile to read. This is a book that can bear a second reading and perhaps even a third to become familiar with all the struggles and choices of the characters. For me, it was a fast and flowing read and since I did read it fast, a slower reading would probably reveal much more than my surface revelations. If you are a Faulks fan, I don't think you'll be disappointed with A Possible Life.
Excellent details for SCM/CM strategies. Starts off with a couple of chapters for beginner's to SCM. Then covers every aspect of Release Process. The chapter on integration process was detailed like no other SCM book that I've seen. The book explains concepts of software development from the perspective of a Release Engineer -- from source control branching/merging strategies, to build control, aspects of development cycle, then to product release. One of the better CM SCM books out there. None of the others SCM books look at it from a Release Engineer's perspective like this one. If you are already passed the basics of SCM then this book will complete your training.
Hemingway is without a doubt my favorite fiction writer of the 20th century.  I have never read an author whose style matches his.  As his style, so his stories: unique and captivating.  This novel presented a look at life that has now passed away.  Why is this book good?  Because Hemingway describes feelings that occur in everyones lives.  Because Hemingway portrays so many personalities of society correctly.  This story is about life and circumstances mold our lives.Cohn has been dominated most of his life.  He attempts to escape that domination and is crushed.  Boxing could not save him and neither could love.  Mike lives a blissful life without care of money or whether he has any.  He allows his temper to show, and it gets in the way of his happiness.  Brett is a women who cannot be satisfied.  She had a hard past, and cannot find happiness in the present.  Barnes is the one in control of himself.  He understands what he can and can't expect.  He is one who enjoys life.  Bill also understands life.  They understand not to be caught up in what others think.  They find people like themselves; people they can enjoy being around without making an effort.The talent of Hemingway is exhibited in The Sun Also Rises.
This booked rocked the business world when first released circa 1994. It kicked off one of the largest monetary windfalls that the consulting industry has known in recent history. Many would argue that the revolution failed. Certainly there were more than a few (understatement) high profile failed projects to point to.But the same could be said about SAP, CRM, the Web, etc., etc. The reason for most of these failures has more to do with our inability, from an organizational perspective, to adequately handle complexity and chaos, than with the soundness of the underlying ideas and business premises.The consulting industry has often exploited these inabilities for its own gain, regardless of any value that was ultimately received by the customer. However distasteful that might have been for many project participants, we should be careful not to throw the baby out with the bath water.These process centric ideas, brilliantly put forth in this effort, are important, and becoming more so every day. The web is all about either fundamentally changing and transforming existing business processes, or inventing processes previously unimagined, fueled by powerful enabling technologies. This book provides a solid foundation for process based thinking and is still a valuable read today.
I loved this book! I thought the concept was interesting but I was afraid it might be a little too sci-fi or hard to follow... not at all! The story was exceptional and the writing was wonderful. I was impressed that this was the author's first book and that she chose to tackle such a difficult subject in such an unusual way.Don't let the large size of this book deter you from reading it! I flew through it and kept turning the pages, wanting to know how the story she was weaving was going to be wrapped up... and I wasn't disappointed! I don't want to spoil the story and I'm sure you can get an idea of what it's about by reading the synopsis so I just want to leave my opinion that I thought this book was great! I will definitely be re-reading this book again and again.
This is a must-have book for any teacher.  I refer to mine constantly and have made adjustments to my practice, not just for struggling readers but for all students.  It is written in a very straightforward, accessible way, while still referencing the research behind its recommendations.  Buy it now!
Nison is the best re: candlesticks.  Videos (often found used on Amazon) are very useful for understanding the concepts. Copy the charts and keep them handy.
When it comes to books on succesful political campaigns, I happen to be an avid reader of those type of books and analyze the type of strategies a campaign team has developed and planned overtime and learn how they overcame or dealt with major challenges.With the release of "BARACK, INC. - WINNING BUSINESS LESSONS of the OBAMA CAMPAIGN" by Barry Libert and Rick Faulk, what I wanted to learn is how the campaign team overcame the major challenges they had in the Democratic primary and from that point, the road the team paved in ensuring Barack Obama's win to become the latest President of the United States.Obama's campaign was among the most impressive campaigns I have ever witnessed.  From overcoming major challenges against Hillary Rodham Clinton to utilizing social media such as YouTube, Twitter and managing to attract the younger voters, the Multi-ethnic community and to sway many Republicans to even vote Democrat.Upon reading this book, it's important to let readers know that both Libert and Faulk were not heavily involved or were they the decision makers in planning the strategies for the campaign.  Both men work for Mzinga, a leading provider of social software solutions that help major corporations around the world create online communities for marketing, customer support and learning.With that being said, the men wanted to use Obama's campaign as a way to show how Web 2.0 can come into use for the 21st Century.  The men interviewed Obama supporters, collected reports from various sources and observed the various points of views from Politico to Twitter.For the classic campaign enthusiast who have read campaign books from Tip O'Neill such as "All Politics are Local" which focused on how politics should focus on grassroots efforts and traditional ways of thinking, this is a new generation of book on campaigning and business lessons for the modern time, the use of Social media and most of all, it all starts with the man himself, President Obama.  From his demeanor, his charisma, his eloquent way of public speaking and more.Each chapter goes through various points in the campaign but then showcases various lessons such as "Ignore the sideshows - keep your eye on the center ring", "fix the problem; forget the blame", "play hardball when necessary", "vent outside of the tent".Chapters that are touched upon are:1. CHAPTER ONE - Success You Can Believe In - And Emulate2. CHAPTER TWO - Be Cool3. CHAPTER THREE - Be Social4. CHAPTER FOUR - Be the ChangeOf course, for those who followed the campaign, a lot of the stories featured in the book from various news sources, but the third chapter is probably the most important segment of this book.  How Obama's campaign utilized Facebook, Flickr, Twitter and YouTube in order to energize millions of young Americans to register and eventually vote for their first time.I truly believe that with social media, it was very important and for the first time, very useful in political campaigning.  Everyone was blogging, texting, visiting community sites on Obama.  His form of grassroots approach utilizing his community site[..] was awesome and both Libert and Faulk who know social media, did a great job in covering this segment for this book.From how the campaign utilized texting to supporters during the New Hampshire primary and using current cell phone technology of a way to get people to vote to using cell phones to get out the vote and no use of land-line phones.  And of course, how can you not talk about Obama Girl on YouTube.Granted, the whole social media aspect is one of those things that will either inspire an individual or turn away people but for those who truly want to learn how the Obama campaign used social media from the online sites to iPhone applications, this book really does showcase that.Overall, an informative book that is worth reading!
I bought this book used on Amazon, having read just one of William Trevor's short stories in "Bad Trips", which was my first introduction to this brilliant writer.  Each story in The Collected Stories captures your interest from the very first sentence!  His style of writing does not insult your intelligence.  He weaves simple story lines into works of art.  I've stopped to go back and re-read some lines because they were wonderful.  Although I have only read 8 or 9 stories so far in  this very big book, I'm delighted in the fact I have so many more stories to enjoy. It's like a gift for anyone who gets lost for a time in an extraordinary book.  After this one, I'll be ordering more of Mr. Trevor.
Many of us cut our management and leadership teeth of Ken Blanchard's "The One Minute Manager."  That little book put him on my radar screen.  Since the overwhelming success of that bestseller, he has continued to write, to consult and to study leadership.  In his latest collaboration, he has teamed with Colleen Barrett, President Emeritus of Southwest Airlines, to write "Lead with LUV - A Different Way to Create Real Success."I really enjoyed this book, and found in it much to ponder and to share.  I will be giving away multiple copies of this little gem.  I find it interesting that in much of my reading about leadership recently - whether the focus be leadership in the military or in the business world, the topics of "love" and "Servant leadership" keep popping up. Clearly, there is a strong movement away from the "Theory X" approach to managing people.I love the succinct definition of leadership with which the authors begin: "Anytime you seek to influence the thinking, behavior, or development of people in their personal or professional lives, you are taking on the role of a leader."  (Page 5)The format of the book is that Blanchard and Barrett have a protracted conversation about the nature of leadership and how Colleen executed her leadership roles at Southwest.  In an early interchange, they are discussing the importance of celebrating positive achievements.Ken Blanchard: "That's why I think you and I are soul mates, Colleen, because that's one of my core beliefs, too.  If someone said to me, 'Ken, from now on you can't teach anything you have taught or written about in the past except one thing; what do you want to hold onto?'  I know exactly what it would be.  I would want to continue to share the belief that  the key to developing people and creating great organizations is to catch people doing things right and accentuate the positive by praising them." (Page 8)Conversely, the authors talk about taking a loving and constructive approach to correcting inappropriate or sub-optimal performance.  In contrast, they caricature the "seagull manager": "Do you fly in, make a lot of noise, dump on people, and then fly out?  Or do you deal with people in a straight and loving way as soon as you observe inappropriate behavior?" (Page 12)I am also seeing a positive trend in the direction of leaders being willing to be both transparent and vulnerable with those in their organization and beyond.  The authors address this trait with a pithy quotation: "People admire your strengths, but they respect your honesty regarding your vulnerability." (Page 106)This is a book well worth reading and passing on to others in your organization or network.
This was a well written book with lots of detail. If you liked this you would like the book "Mockingbird". Similar narrative.
I've read many of Hughes' books and have followed his television programs closely (especially "The Shock of the New", "The New Shock of the New", "The Curse of the Mona Lisa", and "Visions of Space") and this book of essays ranks near the top.Hughes' sagacity and eclectic, boundless vocabulary coupled with his singular determination--one might argue "need"--to properly, concisely and _constructively_ argue the value and merit of art is perhaps best encapsulated in these pages.As a composer, the study of visual art and criticism of it is as much a revelation about the processes and outcomes of drawing, painting, sculpture and architecture as it is about the craft of music. (Hughes wisely and correctly points out that late 20th Century American art became more about the theory of it than of the practice of it--of getting down to the task of being a maker-of-art and not just one who theorizes about it.)To the uninitiated his tone might sometimes translate as pompous, but with some perseverance one begins to form a big-picture perspective of art and artists that only a collection of independently-composed criticisms like this can evoke.
I found this book in the local used bookstore.  One of the ladies suggested it to me.  I liked the lack of "typical" book structure and the meandering of writing.  It was at time difficult to read, and really there was no resolution, but that is life.  Our problems don't all go away by the end of the book or movie.  It felt real.  I felt for all the characters and their hardships, even the unlikeable ones.
In the novel Damage by A.M. Jenkins the main charter Austin is a strong, cute, football player. What a lot of people call him is "Pride of the Panthers" because he is the main star in football. But lately he has had a problem with himself and to make some matters worse he has a friend who also kind of has problems. The main themes are really all about football and I guess about how life goes. One of my favorite quotes is, "All wrinkled in a wad". My opinion is the book is good, but I could do with out the gross stuff and the football and maybe add some comedy to make it funny.If you like football or sports then you will probably like this book, and if you are a teenage boy who likes really gross things you would like this book.Mrs. Sage's ClassAlison
Whether you are in senior years of your undergrad or a initial years of your PhD, you would be wasting your time learning stats from any book other  than this. Very to-the-point explanation of essential concepts, excellent worked out examples, and quick review of the theory of stats - all packed in one neat book for great price. I would not be able to do my PhD studies without Schaum.
In "Kafka At The Shore" there is an interplay of many elements: metaphysical, spiritual, aesthetic, emotional.  There are beautiful sexual fantasies, and clinical descriptions of Kafka's penis.  Like a well constructed symphony, there is a great range of voices. The novel is nicely paced, and well plotted.  Murakami is adept at imagery, and does not hesitate to bring the metaphorical and impossible into the "real" world.At the same time, the novel does not have the emotional impact that it might, given its subject of a teenager trying to surmount the effects of a childhood without love.  I also thought some parts could have been edited and tightened up such as the journey through the forest.
I got this book right when it first came out and it is a great resource to study.  Don't use it as a primary resource though.  My only problem is that the binding is falling apart.  I don't abuse my books but this is not acceptable in my opinion.
The best aspect of this text is the quality of the writing.  The writers have a clear excitement about the subject, and for the most part, this makes reading the text pleasant rather than dry.The book opens with an introduction to homeostasis and provides a theoretical backbone for the study of human physiology.  The second chapter is the obligatory introduction to fundamental chemistry (atoms, protons, neutrons, electrons, etc.) that seems to be in almost every basic science book.  Chapters three, four, and five are typical of almost all texts about life - cell structure and function, proteins, metabolism, and chemical messengers.It's not until chapter six, "Neuronal Signaling and the Structure of the Nervous System," that the text begins to move away from an introductory biology book.  Chapter six serves as a model for the rest of the book and the central principle of physiology: The human body wants to be in balance, and there are competing chemical and electrical pathways fighting for and against this balance.  The final chapter, which my professor skipped, is medically oriented.  The student is asked to consider what they have learned and apply it to a case study narrative, to essentially diagnose a patient.Throughout the text there are numerous figures, tables, key words, and end-of-chapter study guides (the guides are very helpful for organizing information when studying for a test).  Yet the diverse presentation of information is a bit overwhelming sometimes.  For example, some chapters have far too many bolded key words in a row, which can be distracting to read.Overall, I enjoyed reading this text.  There's a lot of information in this book, but if you take the time to read and reread the text, you'll have a very good understanding of basic human physiology.Subjects of each chapter:1. Homeostasis2. Basic chemistry3. Cell structure and function4. Cell membranes5. Chemical messengers6. Nervous system7. Sensory physiology8. The brain9. Muscle10. Control of body movement11. Endocrine system12. Cardiovascular system13. Respiratory system14. Kidneys15. Digestion16. Metabolism17. Reproduction18. Defense mechanisms of the body19. Clinical cases
Its not boring and its easy to understand for a person who is not savvy in the world of economics.  This is for a college survey of economics and it is a great book to this class.
Laurence Rees deliver yet another fascinating book on World War II. He looks at Adolf Hitler and how he cast his spell over Germany. He delves into his own personal collection of unpublished interviews to ask the question what it was that made people follow him. The author takes great care to try and put us in the mindset of the average German during Hitler's rule. As well as looking at the methods and tools used by Hitler and his staff to build him up as the saviour of Germany. We hear from those that were under his spell and also from those that did not rate him as a leader.It is a fascinating look into the mind and machine of the Nazi machine. Even though I have read numerous books on Hitler I found this a refreshing look from a different perspective. From his rise to power to his death by his own hand, Rees delivers a masterful work that left me completely satisfied and answered many questions. This book is a chilling and compelling read  and a reminder to never let history repeat.
This book covers (almost) everything. The title is somewhat misleading as it would be a valuable book for any sailor who wants to do the occasional overnight passage - not just circumnavigators. It covers topics at extreme length and detail but the writing style and the inclusion of numerous tales makes it an interesting read.If I had to make a criticism it would be that the views are a little out of date. Like most books on long distance sailing, Roth believes in keeping things simple. If he doesn't use it, it's not in the book, so there's almost nothing about onboard electronics, refrigeration, water makers, generators, LED navigation lights, SSB, Satellite phones, Internet at sea etc. This is fair enough as he's speaking from his own experience, but it stops the books becoming the authoritative bible on the topic.He goes to great length about every type of boat construction and rig (which is really interesting), but a glaring omission is any real reference to multihulls.Nevertheless it is the most comprehensive book I have read on the topic.
The way the storyline played itself out over a short time period really pointed out how Sophy, the main character, was stressed out about her sister's wedding and her need to please her mother.  This book was enjoyable and keeps you wanting for more.  The ending was a bit predictable, but it does have a nice surprise twist in the end.  All in all it was a fun book to read and will make sure to read more of Elizabeth Young's books.
Coetzee cogently demonstrates his extraordinary writing talent in his latest award winning novel, Disgrace.  Anyone that can turn a novel comprised of disconcerting characters and their brackish behavior into a contemporary classic has to be truly gifted.  Before delving into this work of art, the reader must remind himself that by no means is the author condoning the behavior of any of his characters, he is not suggesting that the matters incorporated in this book are right or wrong, he is simply representing their existence.  By no means does the novel subscribe to fairytale romances with picturesque endings, some of the things described are painful and difficult to read.  'Disgrace'is not a novel for anyone that prefers to live by an `out of site, out of mind' philosophy; but if you are able to overcome how vast cultural differences can be, if you realize even if things you don't know wont hurt you, they still exist, you will find a true literary and cultural jem within these pages. It provides the reader with the simple, yet profound, awareness that while society can inflict consequences, every creature possesses an intrinsic right to live by his own ethics.The novel opens with the late mid-life crisis of a semi-washed up college professor who has yet to become what he wants to be when he grows up. The aforesaid, David Lurie is not willing to heed to his advanced years; he does not want to accept that he is no longer the Cassanova he once was, all hisyears as a successful lethario have gotten him nothing except two ex-wives and a daughter that he barley knows,  he has not yet admitted that he has wasted his profession teaching communications (when his true passion was romantic languages), even the two books he has published have been pathetically unsuccessful.  In a final fleeting frenzy looking for love in all the wrong places, David rebukes passes from women his own age, fruitlessly attempts to propagate a relationship from the prostitute he visits weekly, then selfishly seduces one of the young students in his class. Eventually, his brow-raising behavior is revealed to his peers and the girl's father, who demands retribution.  The bricolage morality committee at the University gives David an easy way out, expecting a public explanation and apology. The headfast professor sees this as a ploy to embarrass him and to relinquish the sordid details of his self-entitled love affair, asserting that man has a right to a private life that need not be justified to the outside world, David demands punishment without explanation.  His stubborn behavior(which no one can understand),costs him his job.  David retreats to his daughter's farm in the extremely rural regions of post-apartheid South Africa.  There he plans to ruminate and compose an opera depicting the later years of Byron's scandalous love life. The daughter, Lucy, a lesbian and former hippy, pursues the country life on her small plot.  In order to obtain the minimal expenses of her simplistic life, she cultivates and sells fruits and flowers along with boarding dogs in her backyard kennel  (the dogs also serve as her means of protection). A  single woman living alone and providing for herself is extremely uncommon in this part of South Africa, and homosexuality is nearly unheard of , but despite these obstacles, Lucy is determined to independently make her way. At first she does  quite well and develops an amazing affinity to the majestic qualities of country life and a kinship with the souls of the animals everywhere. Strangely, Lucy seems to believe that she must atone for the sins that her ancestral generations committed against land and animals.  She attempts to persuade her city-loving father into embracing the simple, splendorous lifestyle she has found; and although he makes some concessions, he doesn't fully embellish the opportunity as she has. Soon after his arrival, father and daughter are attacked by three young black boys that disgrace David physically and Lucy sexually; taking from each their most prized attributes. Because of Lucy's quiescent response to the offence, David becomes frustrated and ironically attempts to persuade her to explain her rationale and pursue justice more vigorously.  She does not give in, really, and neither does he, really.  What they both learn, is that the morality of right and wrong is subjective to opinion.Disgrace is not your typical novel, if you are looking for light, mindless entertainment- you wont be happy with this selection.  It is not the story of a father and his daughter, there isn't a lot of character development. Coetzee uses the characters in order to portray a bigger picture, it is a parable of sorts.  After reading this novel, I am constantly reminded of the old prayer "Grant me the serenity to accept the things I can not change, change the things I can and the wisdom to know the difference." Disgrace is a powerful portrayal of everyone's individual quest to obtain that wisdom.
Great book, although not for everybody! It is like sitting in front of a late painting by Picasso and slowly understanding what all those interrupted and &#34;discomfabulated&#34; pieces of geometry glued together mean.The main char&aacute;cter is a 15 year old boy, who was abandoned by his mother, taking his sister along with her, when he was 5.years old. He is very unhappy living with his father and eventually runs away to the south of Japan, presumably to find his mother and sister, but also to find himself and his meaning in life.There are other equally fascinating characters; like Mr. Nakata, an old man who suffered a horrible accident when he was much younger and lost all previous memory of his childhood. He does not know how to read or write and considers himself dumb, but his philosophy on life is more meaningful than that of many well educated adults.Ms. Saeki is the administrator of a private library and also has a mysterious past, she works with Mr. (Ms.?) Oshima, both of them, also have an interesting perspective of what life is all about.There are other fascinating characters in this book, but this is a short review and they escape the context of this text.The book made me think about the purpose of my own existence in this life (existentialism), but also on a somewhat buddhist perspective, of what happens to our souls when we die.It would make for a fascinating college course, the syllabus alone would be a challenge. Loved it
Plot: very, very interesting.Suspence: powerful.Entertainment: must keep.Hidden messages: plenty.Book ranking for series: 2ndMysteries: VFD!!!!
A non-fiction book on the true events of the sinking and final hours of the Titanic. Well researched and compiled, this may have been the primary basis of other Titanic stories ever made.
I read a friend's copy of this book and was so impressed I had to own my own.  I've seen some of these principles before, but it is laid out very concisely and easy to handle.  I love the "homework" problems which bring it out of theory and into your day-to-day life.  Two thumbs up to Joseph Wood.
I used to spend most of my time in London on Charing Cross Road, browsing through the wonderful bookshops. One summer, I returned to find that my favourite bookshop was no longer there: instead, there was a construction site and a placard stating that that was the site where Marcks and Co., the bookshop made famous by '84 Charin Cross Road' used to be. Only then did I realize that my favourite bookshop was also the bookshop with a leading role in one of my favourite books. I recommend this book to anybody who has ever fallen in love with books.
What an amazing book. Who better to write about the subtle nuances of C programming than a man that wrote a compiler? This book is not an introduction (if you couldn't tell by the name), nor is it a place for quick tips. The explanations are not long-winded, but they are complete. Peter hits on all the high points that are often not adequately explained in most books on C, that you really need to know to program correctly. After reading this book, I think the whole pointer/array thing is put to rest...at least for me. The job interview questions at the end were very helpful to me...I'm not going to take a job as a programmer any time soon, but they still tested my knowledge of the language and of programming in general. I gained a lot out of the last chapter, which is an intro to C++...I've been floundering trying to understand OOP and how to program in it, and Peter gave a VERY nice, clear introduction to the basic concepts.I enjoyed Peter's humor (sometimes laugh out loud, which makes anyone raise their eyebrow when they see the book title) and writing style. It was a very delightful text to read.This book is an absolute must have for anyone that programs in C (as a second book on the subject). It should be required reading for anyone that teaches a course on C programming.
Marketing books aren't known for their great prose; and this one proves the point. In fact, it you only read the first line or two of each paragraph you will get most of what this book offers. After that there are a couple of stories to try to illustrate the point but most are not necessary. However, if you want to learn how to sell yourself then this is the book you should get.My emphasis in reading this book was not to learn great marketing techniques that would land that multi-million dollar account. It was very simple; learn how to better sell myself.Actually that is not the first reason I picked up the book. In fact, I can't really remember why I picked it up in the first place. I began reading it on the train going to a job interview. That's when it hit me. I REALLY need this. Then at the interview, the young recruiter asked me the simple question: "What is your sizzle?" Now I've read Elmer Wheeler before but for some reason had not made the connection between selling shaving cream and selling myself.Of course this interview wasn't one of my best. But it did get me thinking seriously about learning how to resent myself so that the interviewer would just say: "WOW!"
This is a beautifully written and enthralling story about love, friendship and family; it is about what lengths people will go to in order to take care of those they love.Shiva and Marion are conjoined twins separated at birth in a missionary hospital in Addis Ababa; they are born on the day their mother dies and their father disappears. The narrator is Marion, who tells the story of their lives in Ethiopia from the days of Haile Selassie until the present. The book is filled with the sights, scents and smells of a country most of us know very little about. It is a compelling tale of how two brothers and two lonely doctors become a family.The story of Shiva and Marion is the focus of the book but the heart and soul of the tale is the love story of Gosh and Hema, the twins surrogate parents, and their abiding love for their sons. It is a story of how love can bring people together and tear a family apart, it is a reminder of how we are all responsible for those around us and how the love of two brothers and a parent for a child trumps all else.Beautifully written, with vivid and memorable characters this is a family saga to be savored. The narrative made me laugh and brought me to tears more than once. It is a book that I will long remember, I dreaded turning the last page and I felt a little bereft when I closed the cover, sad to be without these people who were so real to me. Mr. Verghese is a brilliant writer and I hope to read more by him soon.Highly recommended.
It is nice to be able to share the experience an author that has spent four decades sailing the world on a daily basis.  I don't agree with all that Hal has to say (I think I would like to have refrigeration for example) but he has certainly experienced what he is talking about and has given me many things to ponder.
This account of the Nuremberg Trials is truely a gift.  Presico give a detailed account of the trial and a background to the major players that participated in this historic event.  This trial forever changed the  outlook of international law and directly outlined the concenquences of  future of wars -- if you commit crimes, you will be punished.  This book is  a prime example of critical, but reader friendly analysis.  This book is a  good introduction to the Nuremberg Trials that gives you the reader a  close, inside view of the men who ran the Nazi war effort.
This book was read to my class by a teacher when I was in the third grade. She read it over a period of about a month and it captured my imagination to such an extent that I wanted to read every book in the library!  I am a  voracious reader and credit this book (and the teacher!) with lighting the  spark which has kept me reading and curious about everything despite the  fact that I am now approaching 40! I highly recommend this book for all  children and hope that others can experience the joys of becoming aquainted  with the written word through reading aloud.
Eric Carle books are a hit with my three year old daughter. She isn't into this one quite like some others we have, but she does ask to read it at least once a week. Love the board books because they're safe for my one yar old, too. Good buy.
This is a great book. It has so much information, it has so much information that you will use this book throughout your student nursing courses
This early masterpiece of Kingsley Amis inspires such peals of laughter and raves of admiration that it will put you in a good mood for a week  after finishing it.Jim Dixon is a World War II vet who has somehow  become a medieval history lecturer at a provincial English university.  He  worries about keeping his job and meanwhile loathes the self-absorbed  pedant who will decide whether to keep him or not: "No other professor in  Great Britain, [Dixon] thought, set such store in being called Professor."  With the axe hanging over his head Dixon falls for the girlfriend of his  boss's son, Bertrand.  A ruthless social-climbing artist, Bertrand is one  of the most intolerable snobs I have come across in literature.  You will  be impressed by Dixon's campaign for the lady Christine-- sometimes carried  on as much to prick Bertrand as to win her affection.  Dixon is a  remarkably funny character, and part of Amis's genius is that we like him  far more than we should.  He starts off rather childish, spitefully  penciling moustache and glasses on a face in someone else's new magazine.  As the plot moves along at an increasingly rapid pace, we see the necessary  defense mechanisms in his many contorted facial expressions and  pseudo-polite manner.  So often does fear or calculation lead him to think  one thing and say the opposite that the moment when he first does say  exactly what he is thinking will move you to stand up and cheer.LUCKY  JIM had me putting it down often--not in boredom or disapproval, oh my,  no!--I just had to pause time and time again to laugh and recover, to let  Amis's brilliance sink in--his deceptively calm tone, his nimble use of the  language.  Occasionally Amis will turn a giggle-inducing phrase in the  style of P.G. Wodehouse, but most of his humor is the unavoidable  belly-aching kind.  Funnier than and just as sharp as Evelyn Waugh, Amis's  influence can be seen--albeit in much wackier fashion--in the 1990s  novels  of Stephen Fry.Not just a comic novel, this, but a work of true and  timeless literary merit.  We shouldn't forget that Amis has Dixon wrestle  with a few demons that are not put down easily by anyone.  But I guarantee  it won't be chance that will have you rolling on the floor if you pick up  LUCKY JIM.
I loved this book as a kid. I have the best memories of reading it. I lost my original book but was lucky enough to find it again at a yard sale.I'll enjoy reading it to my children one day. :)
First, I would like to say that I loved this trilogy. There is plenty of action through each book to keep anyone entertained. Unfortunately, this was my least favorite in the series. The book starts out where the last one left off. Nia and friends head into the water to find the peace making sword in Atlantis.  Along the way they run into traps laid by Ma'el, but our heroes work together to get through them. When the gang arrives in Atlantis they find it changed completely.  During their quest to find the sword they will be betrayed and hurt, but there is always hope.I was enjoying this book immensely until around page 200 when the group goes back to land. I thought the final showdown would be in Atlantis with a happily ever after, but instead it ended, rather strangely, on land. We never get to hear what happens to Atlantis, and as others have mentioned the ending is rather sad.  Still, this was a worthwhile ending to a great trilogy fit for all ages. This one even had me laughing out loud a few times with Corwin's mishandling of the Altanis language.  If you enjoyed the previous two you will enjoy this, though the ending is a bit sad.
At times this book reads like history, at others like a mystery thriller. At the most salient points of their story though, the authors declare themselves "unsure" of their hypothesis or scenario. They surround an "idea" or "supposition" with great forests of what they deem well-documented fact that greatly supports their idea or supposition. On the other hand what they do present (and what is possible to reference elsewhere) is a very interesting story on Christian history and the history of faith and politics. They also give a fairly indepth analysis to the Synoptic Gospels, questioning this passage or interpreting that. At times it seems they clearly reach for conclusions; at others their conclusions seem quite probable.If you read this book after Dan Brown's "Da Vinci Code" (as I did) you'll see why Brown was hauled into court on plagiarism charges.
The book provides good information on API design as well as using C++ in general.  It assumes you know C++ and the goal of the book is to delve into some of the more advanced areas specifically for API design and implementation and how C++ helps and hinders.  What I am finding is that the book is actually about more effective programming using C++ similar in nature to the assistance provided in Meyer's books on C++.  It is also similar to McConnell's Code Complete in providing additional environment information so that the programming language is embedded in a process of API design. Instead of being a compendium of tips, there is a better narrative flow to API Design since there is a goal of describing good practices for the design and implementation of APIs.  There are tip boxes to indicate important points throughout the book.The book is not only about specific programming practices but also the workflow and process of designing, implementing, documenting, etc. an API. It is written well and straightforward so it is actually a good read even if your attention tends to wander.Finding a book like this can be difficult as there are so many introductory books cluttering up the bookshelves so I am glad to have found this one.  Thank you Amazon suggestions.
Chaos: Making a New Science will serve as a great introduction to Chaos Theory as well as the history of chaos science.  There is a suprising lack of formulas which the heavy physics oriented reader will find unappealing.  However for readers that would like to get a general overview of what chaos is and do not have a Ph.D in Physics would be delighted by the simplicity and explanations of ideas that James Cleick manages to promote based on the complex concepts that make up chaos theory.Assume nothing.
For some people knowing how to do something through a graphical interface is akin to knowing how to drive without knowing how an engine, transmission, etc. work together to make the car run.  For them knowing how to get down to the command line and get things done that either the graphical interface does not allow or does not do the way you want it done is a matter of pride and represents the dividing line between a user and a power user.  If you want to become a real Linux guru and know how to work the command line to do whatever you want including commands, editing, shell programming, and scripting this is one of the better books available.  Readable, straight-forward, educational, it is a one-of-kind reference that blends the educational aspect of a typical book on learning Linux with a typical book of command line references.  A Practical Guide to Linux is highly recommended.
John Grisham has been one of my favorite author's over the years. The story of this book is something that a lot of people would want to do. Skip ChristmasLuther and Nora are a typical family. Taking a lot of time to celebrate Christmas and later regretting it. Luther at times in this book seem to get a little bit out of hand with the whole idea of skipping chrismas.Overall the best parts of the book were the Frosty parts and of couse I loved the last 50 or so pages of the book.This was a good quick read.
Another valuable source book for organizational (and personal) success from the Wharton SchoolEvery disaster is the result of a mistake or a series of mistakes that people in an organization (from the top down) failed to recognize or overlooked.  The author introduces the concept of M3-managing multiple mistakes.  By using fascinating case studies of companies that either failed or flourished (by doing everything right or successfully recovering from mistakes), he proves that M3 is cost effective.  Mr. Mittellstaedt clearly analyzes the failures or successes of companies such as Ford, Firestone, Enron, Dell, Apple, Toyota, and Southwest to name a few.  He also includes valuable advice for small enterprises as 90 percent of all U.S. businesses have fewer than 20 employees.In each chapter, the author has a section called Insights; they number one through 38 throughout the book.  An example, culled from a lifetime of observation, research, and experience as a consultant, is Insight #10: A significant portion of execution-related mistakes occur because criteria for measuring progress and performance have not been identified and/or communicated explicitly.In a competitive capitalistic system, never taking a risk is the enemy of success; learning to manage risk to minimize failure is the goal.  In Chapter 10, the author gives you a precise and clearly delineated blueprint for success.  He closes with an exceedingly useful  Summary of Insights from this highly researched and invaluable book.I read this just after reading the 9/11 Commission report on the World Trade Center disaster. Just after yet another news story on Hurricane Katrina. Many of the same rules seem to apply. Perhaps Dr. Mittelstaedt could think of his next book in terms of the world outside of business.
Ball is indeed a skilled writer, and as a physicist he has a good grasp of the maths involved in the assorted topics he broaches. This is a survey book, but with enough depth to enable the reader to generate a decent feel for the individual arenas.As the title to these few words suggest, see Alwyn Scott's review for a cogent summary of the book. I agree that it is well worth reading.
If you have ever been (un)fortunate enough to find yourself at an art college's graduate show then you will perfectly understand my forthcoming analogy.When those who do not possess either spiritual or mental fibre try to make Art - especially visual arts and more specefically abstract art, they invariably fail miserably. What they present may 'appear' to have form, structure and substance, and indeed, it may do so in the physical sense; but in the intellectual, spiritual, philosophical, ontological sense it is really a shell, a superficial expresion - an allusion to a world they have seen in other's Art, in galleries and in books. It is an echo of Art, but not Art itself, it is fake, a copy. When writers too, try to engage with subject matter that is clearly beyond them, they invariably fail. It is a truism that that which we are able to render (both visually and linguistically) is a direct reflection of our inner-self.What Mura-kami has given us in this work is by no means a small thing for it is the real thing, the crown jewels and not costume jewellery. It is 1990s Coca-Cola with acid and bite and not your local supermarket cola. He has struck a firm sign-post on the literary path and has created something of true worth and value, a rock on the collective pile of literary consciousness. Like so many of his other great works (Dance, Norwegian, Hard-Boiled) he openly displays his creative and intellectual greatness, frugality and fragility, brutality and his capacity for creative story-telling that defines and re-defines boundaries.'Wind-up' is a surreal and yet very realistic journey that shows maturity and growth. I can't think of may novels that are accomplished as this. One of Mura-kami's strengths in this particular work is the interplay of the narratives (a mode he used time-and-time-again) and also the time-frame of the piece. Mirroring real-life, he introduces characters and then lets them go. This alone is worthy of praise. Quite why film-makers and writers feel they have to 'keep' the same characters from beginning to end (unless they get killed off), is quite beyond my comprehension. It seems such an artificial construct and altogether too manufactured and contrived to give any air of authenticity to the narrative.This work will not entertain nor interest all (which is no bad thing), but if you liked Mura-kami's 'Hard-boiled' or you are a fan os Salman Rushdie, then I wholeheartedly recommend this.
To make many of the recipes in this book you need to make up your own gluten-free flour mixture. There are two options. The first is a mixture of rice flour, potato starch, sorghum flour, tapioca flour, cornstarch, garbanzo bean flour and xanthan gum. Most of these items are easy to find online or at your local health food store. The second option requires you to mix together brown rice flour, sorghum flour, potato starch, tapioca flour, coconut flour, garbanzo bean flour, golden flaxseed meal, cornstarch and xanthan gum.Once you have these flour mixtures made you can then make a number of interesting and delicious dishes. Not every recipe requires the flour mixture, some indicate which type of product to buy, like for instance: gluten-free tortillas. The author recommends you buy Frito Lay Tostitos, which are gluten free.Here are a few of the recipes you may want to try:Homemade GranolaPeanut Butter SmoothieSpicy Cheese Muffins (requires 1 cup gluten-free flour)Breakfast EnchiladasBanana Pancakes (requires  cup gluten-free flour)Corned Beef and CabbageMixed Bean SaladBanana BiscottiChocolate Cherry CakeMany of the recipes are not only gluten-free they are also dairy-free. At the start of the book there is a long list of items that contain gluten. It might be helpful to know that commercially packaged frozen hamburger patties contain wheat-based fillers. There is also a list for people who want to live dairy-free. If you are new to cooking you will also appreciate the list of kitchen hints and cooking techniques. Most of the main dishes serve 4-8.If you don't want to make up your own flour blend, you may also be interested in:Bob's Red Mill All-Purpose Gluten-Free Baking Flour. I've used it in a few recipes in the past and it seemed to work fairly well. It does however seem to have more bean flours than the flour recipes in this book.~The Rebecca Review
This book compiles lots of famous examples from the 1970s and 80s about building just enough of a product to give an idea of how a person would use it and feel about it.  The computer programming conferences I go to are full of thinly copied examples from this book.I walked away with a better understanding of how to have a conversation with a person and figure out the symbols they would understand, and how to quickly produce a variety of sketches using that symbol language, so we can talk about a web site and imagine in vivid detail what it is like to use it without having to build it first.  Lots of drawings and clever visual tricks using computer monitors or junk.This is not a book on where to put the navigation on a web site so that users can find it.  In that sense, it is not the UX book I wanted.  It is more about how to think through and test a variety of ideas about a web site so you can arrive at a design a user loves before you start coding.The recommendation on the UW senior level UX Design class is to read this book and do 5 sketches a week of a web page or product.  Improve existing ones or sketch new imaginary products.That is a valuable exercise with a good book.  My work has improved because I read this and did plenty of sketches.  Worth every penny.
The Sea Wolf by Jack London while unbelievable cruelty was practiced by Wolf it was a very good story and held my interest despite  some of the almost demonic actions of the main character.  One wonders if he was actually possessed by the devil.
This is my second Kate Ross novel and I was not disappointed.  Not only is the story a great mystery, but it is quite a history lesson as well.  Smooth character development, great interaction among the characters, and baffling mysteries simply explained make this one of the better series that I have read lately.  The protagonist Julian Kestrel is something out of a Dumas novel (and that's a good thing!) and the ending actually follows the plot.  I will read the other novels in the series too.
In this English translation of the 1985 German novel, the articulate vocabulary, cursive prose, even the construction of a perverse and unique protagonist, are as much to the credit of the translator as the author. The human sense of smell is also centre stage and most readers will regard this sense in a totally different dimension after reading Perfume. Along the way, the descriptions of fragrances and their sources, a colourful rendering of eighteenth century French life, and the depiction of sometimes grotesque events and behaviour is masterful. Perfume is a compelling read, even edifying.The plot development in Perfume is an unusual feature and, reactions to its subject matter aside, is a significant source of criticism. Some sequences of events seem barely credible, and dramatic coincidence is tested when it extends beyond irony to convenience. The story becomes almost fable-like, constructing an allegory where smell is employed scientifically, and diabolically, to manipulate the credulous and the incompetent. This allegory is open-ended but encourages comparisons to other story lines such as the thesis of a corrupting element from the earth as advanced by a dotty Marquis, the eagerness of the judges to frame a culprit through evidence gained through torture, and a bishop's protection of a community through pronouncing an unidentified murderer an anathema and subject of excommunication.Despite the protagonist's abhorrent behaviour and perverse motives, the reader may be surprised to be satisfied with the outcomes of each plot twist. At the end, there are two final twists that would seem absurd of it were not for both the deft skill of the author and the interpretations that the novel allows. Perfume is a wonderful exposition of the power of smell, but it's about a lot more than that.
What an enjoyable tragicomic story of gargantuan (literally!) proportions. There are hints of realism creeping into the book here and there, but overall, there are so many things absurdly hilarious, bizarrely humorous that it's impossible to not enjoy this classic!
I picked up the book from the library, and immediately realized I needed to add it to my permanent collection. In just the first couple chapters, I had ideas that helped me pitch my business to investors better.Chip and Dan did a great job in not only clarifying HOW to create sticky ideas, but also made it fun along the way. I laughed out loud several times, and appreciate their well-written approach to an often confusing and extremely important subject.I am a professional communicator, and I am glad I found this book. I intend to utilitze the results for more effective communication in many aspects of life. I'm now thinking of ways to help my kids understand what I'm talking about...
I just love P. G. Wodehouse's humor and his style of story-telling..."The Adventures of Sally" was the first of his books that I ever read and I love it. His Bertie Wooster & Jeeves stories are priceless as well...check out this wonderful author for a delightful read!
Marc Morris' work was been advertised as the first biography of Edward I in years, and in many ways it may have been a necessary one. Edward I `Longshanks' stands today as one arguably one of the most notorious and despised Kings of Medieval England (perhaps in part with good reason), many people may know him only as the baddie in Braveheart. Some (as a result of the said movie) have seem even to regard him as a `pagan' King.Morris explores Edward's life in its entirely to present a more well-rounded view of Edward the man, far removed from the diabolical movie baddie.  From his birth and early childhood, to his turbulent teenage years in which the England was in the grip of political upheaval, to his ascension and reign spanning thirty years, revealing Edward's varying roles as warrior, crusader, ruler, lawmaker, friend, adversary, and faithful husband.Perhaps most significantly, the author generally tries to avoid the pitfalls of judging the King by modern standards, though I did not feel that this prevented him from being critical upon occasion. One reviewer said that this biography `bordered on hagiography'. I disagree, not everything Morris says about Edward was positive as far as I could see, and sometimes a rather unflattering picture of the King or Prince emerges.This said, the author does shed light on some of the perhaps more controversial and unpalatable actions of Edward by the standards of the time, by which they might not have been considered so heinous. For instance, the infamous massacre at Berwick upon Tweed, as terrible as it was, was consistent with the medieval laws of war regarding sieges. Also England's relationship with Scotland, before Edward's fateful decision in the 1290s is also examined, and perhaps surprisingly is revealed to have been positive.Other aspects of the social background of the political and military events of Edward's reign are also shed light upon, such as the common attitude towards the Welsh, or the challenges posed by the last King  of Wales in ruling his own Kingdom, as well as Edward's turbulent relationship with some of his nobles. Also there are other interesting details, such as the assassination attempt on Edward by none other than Sultan Baybars himself, and his dealing with the Mongol Khan during his period on crusade.On a personal level, some of the events of the King's reign supported a belief I have long held.  The The death of Edward's wife, then that of the girl he hoped would marry his son,  followed by rebellion and ensued not long after the expulsion of all the Jews from England, and so his `ill-fortune' was a direct consequence of such. In the Jewish and Christian scriptures it says of the Jews that God would `bless those who bless you and curse those who curse you' and it seems what happened to Edward was the latter.Though towards the end I found the book became a little slower, bogged down perhaps with relating the King's extortions of money from his nobles to fund his wars, and it may sometimes be a little too detailed, I believe it is still a fascinating and valuable work on the King. I also wasn't sure if I agreed with all the author's conclusions made in the final chapter, especially regarding the King's temper, but his overall summary of the characters and reign of Edward may be hard to undermine. Hate him or view him more sympathetically, Edward was indeed A Great and Terrible King who left and indelible mark on British history, admired by many of his contemporaries, missed when he died, and shaped by his times.
This book is gives a good overview of ubiquitous computing and examples of how it's being used in today's business world.  Examples of business uses in the book include location oriented smartphone apps for recommending activities and restaurants, an application for using a smartphone to retrieve a document from the cloud and print it on a nearby network printer, an application for detecting a person's presence, and a system for recording and displaying multiple images of a shopper wearing different clothing or jewelry, to assist in making selections.  The book goes on to discuss how ubiquitous computing will grow as computing costs continue to fall and how it will make computing both simple and complex.  Again, very good overview on the subject.
Great Book by Mark M ! I'm an intermediate swing trader and this book provided great insight !As a  fellow Stockbee member, Pradeep has always spoke highly of you. Thanks for popping in @ times.Very impressed on how well written the book is. Highly recommended !Hopefully, i can make it to one of trader programs soon.
Have you wondered about Taoism, but wanted a simple explanation?  Here it is with smiles warmth and understanding! LOVE IT
It took me quite some time to read this book. It's really deep and I had to stop and chew on some things for a while. I would recommend keeping an open mind while digesting everything Seth has to offer.As for me, I'm not sure what to believe in anymore. I'll keep researching and look to find more answers. Seth did answer some of my questions about what is out there in the future for us...life after death.
Book #14 in this extensive series is no less filled with the excitement and drama of ficticious naval history. Alexander Kent pulls no punches when it comes to the not-so-romantic life at sea of the 1700-1800's.A must read for Bolitho fans. And the genius of Kent allows a reader to pick up any of the Bolitho series and read it as an individual book of interest. But be sure to read the entire series starting with book one.
great book for young kids to start learning the basics of spanish.  my girls are enjoyiing it.
Fun fantasy of time travel, history and love. A lot of violence, and of course the ending is good and leaves you ready for the next book in the series.
This book has much to recommend it.  The strongest chapters are the first few, in which Murphy gives the background of the I Ching and talks about synchronicity and the linkage between the subconscious and universal minds.  His description of how to consult the oracle (using pennies) is very clear and easy for any novice to understand.  As far as his view of the I Ching goes, he sees it as being closely connected in spirit with Western metaphysical thinking.  The entire second half of the book comprises the interpretations of the hexagrams, using biblical passages instead of the original Chinese judgements and images.  For me this doesn't really work, as most of Murphy's biblically based interpretations are far too general to have much application.  Like the newspaper horoscopes, with imagination they could be interpreted any old way.Thus, if you are a purist who wants a translation of the I Ching which most closely follows the Chinese version, I would not recommend this.  I would instead go with the Wilhelm/Barnes version published by Bollingen--this is the translation Jung used and it's very good reading in and of itself.  However, for learning to use the I Ching, Murphy's book is a fine introduction.
This is the first novel I have read in the series and it was thoroughly enjoyable as a standalone (you do not need to read them in order to enjoy them!)  Loved the quirks of the characters, especially the main character (Vish Puri)'s love of food & unusual nicknames for his employees.The novel was split into two unrelated mysteries that the author intertwined as Vish's mother (Mummy-ji) worked to solve one case while on vacation with the family, and Vish solved the other case with his detective agency employees.  The author also added humor throughout the story (particularly with the Mummy-ji scenes, and Vish's rivalry with a fellow investigator).The only thing that detracted from the novel was the addition of dialect and words specific to Indian culture that I do not know.  Most of them I figured out from context, and after completing the book, I realized there was a glossary that defined these words!  Gah!  If only I had known this before I started reading.  Suggestion for future books...add notation that there is a glossary at the end or a table of contents that lists this so readers that are not starting at the beginning of the series can follow along more easily.  Thanks! :DOver all highly recommended!*received this book as a Goodreads giveaway
Krames has an excellent concept for this book: select several exceptional corporate leaders, examine each in terms of a specific objective to which both he and his organization are fully committed, and then explain what can be learned from HOW that objective is conceived. Of course, he could have selected a different seven...or perhaps add several others to those he did. Few can question the inclusion of Dell, Welch, Gerstner, Grove, Gates, Kelleher, and Walton. After  explaining "What Made Them Great" in Part 1, Krames devotes a chapter to each in Part 2 as he explains those defining strategies which have made each exceptional. I commend Krames for including exercises which actively engage the reader's mind. For example, a brief scenario "that puts the reader in the seat of the [given] CEO." Krames offers a series of  business situations which enable his readers "to test their business acumen against that of each of the seven subject CEOs." Each chapter is filled with various lessons as well as "Assess Your CEO Quotient" questions which can be asked both of the individual and of her or his own organization. Throughout his narrative, Krames also inserts brief comments from the works of business thinkers such as Peter Drucker and Philip Kotler so as to provide different perspectives on the given business issue.Here are the seven CEOs and their respective defining strategies:Michael Dell: Place the customer at the epicenter of the business modelJack Welch: Create an authentic learning organizationLou Gerstner: Focus on solutionsAndy Grove: Prepare the organization for [in italics] drastic changeBill Gates: Harness the intellect of [in italics] every employeeHerb Kelleher: Create a performance-driven cultureSam Walton: Learn from competitors, but remain faithful to the visionListing the CEOs and their respective defining strategies is easy to do. The great value of this book is derived from Krames's rigorous analysis of each CEO and defining strategy within the context of their respective organizations. The reader learns not only the WHAT but also the HOW and WHY. I agree with Krames that these seven as well as other exceptional leaders have much in common: an "outside-in" perspective; an evangelical leadership gene; an understanding of the critical role of culture; a passion to create next-generation products, processes, or solutions; a determination to implement the best ideas, regardless of their origin; and, meanwhile, a commitment to increase and thereby advance the leadership body of knowledge. This is an exceptional book about exceptional leadership, one which I highly recommend to business students and recent graduates as well as to those well along in their business careers. I also presume to insist that maximum value will be derived only if the various "Assess Your CEO Quotient" questions are answered with appropriate care and then rigorously evaluated. Stated another way, there is much to learn from the CEOs but perhaps even more can be learned from these self-audits.
A mind-map connected with the word salt might be infinite.  Mark Kurlansky has pursued a dozen branches.  He provides a global and historical portrait of food, production and trade.  The book is strongest in providing the cultural context of salt and its various uses in food.  Salt is variously associated with wealth, status, virility, health and class.  It is used as a flavoring, preservative, ingredient and catalyst.  Olives, eggs, pickles, fish, ham, cheese, ketchup, tabasco and soy sauce are served.  Salt's role with soldiers, sailors, taxes, politics and trade are covered.  Technology, chemistry, pipes, pumps, evaporators, canals, shipping, mining, oil and geology are described.This is a quirky journey which mostly enlightens and amuses.  If you enjoy the variety and surprises of history, cultures, food and technology you'll enjoy digesting this 465 page main course.
Trading with Candlesticks is a very well written book that provides an updated analysis which is more accessible to the 21st century reader than what I consider to be the more premier book in the field by Benjamin Graham.  This book is much shorter, contains lots more graphics than Graham.  I liked it.  I believe that it provides some sound information for individuals who wish to trade or who wish to utilize some of these principles in helping them to decide when and how to purchase or sell investments.  It contains information not available in the Graham text, such as computer tools for analyses, that weren't originally available.  In 2010, one can trade essentially all around the world, making use of new patterns and information from NYC to Hong Kong and back.  I do not believe that trading by itself ought to be conducted by the novice but I do believe that if one is trading, this is one of the 5 or so books that ought to have been read and fully understood before venturing into the trading hornet's nest.  This contains some information that can be quite useful in trading analysis that might be worthy of including in some business courses as well.  I give everything a grade, and this book I believe merits an "A-".
This guy clearly has lots of experience in fixing consumer electronic gear, and he gives high quality advice throughout the book, while keeping the lingo in layman's terms and avoiding math and circuit theory almost entirely, which incidentally, is how nearly all such gear is actually fixed by professionals. He gets into desoldering, what can and cannot be fixed, what usually fails in various types of circuits, what causes various components to fail, how to look for the main cause, not just the damaged component or blown fuse, etc. I got the Kindle edition, and it was fine.
Received this item quick and fast.  I had to get this book for a required course.  The book is very informative and I learned a lot of new things.  However, at times the book can get boring and some of the information is very boring.  Overall though it is a good book if you want to learn about management.
Once you start to read  David Lodge, you are hooked and would want more. I started with his newest book &quot;Thinks&quot; and ended up reading him nonstop. So far I have read &quot;Home Truths&quot;, &quot;Changin Places&quot;, &quot;Practice of Writing&quot; and then &quot;Small World&quot;. I plan to read on. &quot;Small World&quot; is the best academic satire I have read; it is funny, pereptive and very true. Even on gloomy sleepless nights, it made me laugh so loud that I constantly startled my two poor dogs. They looked at me with their sleepy eyes and wagged their tails in bewilderment. Too bad to be a dog that you cannot appreciate such good and funny stuff.Having been a literature student and known many academics, I have been constantly struck by the sense of recognition. Lodge writes with his profound knowledge in literature and and his insight in people in the field of literarute. The pretentiousness in that world is mercilessly satirized. And the holy canon is hilariously and wonderfully parodized.
Small Business Taxes Made Easy, Second EditionTax Mama tells you how it is in her books, and this one is no exception. If you want to make sure that you really "pay all you owe, and no more" then follow her tips and directions to the letter. You might not like everything she says in the book, but you will like it less if you don't follow what she says and you get audited. By doing it her way, you're doing it the right way, and you will be very prepared and have no reason to fear an audit. I highly recommend you read this book, and also visit her website she has so much good information that you can't go wrong making Tax Mama your first stop for all your tax questions.
Essentially a book that attempts to frame options trading in a world where your fundamental analysis of a company will drive strategy.  The basic assumption of this book is that you can effectively analyze the fundamental strength of a stock and that you can execute several options strategies to increase the income generated from the stock.  However, many of the strategies presented still require one to utilize technical analysis (e.g., choose strike prices based on support-levels), as well as provide little in the way of strategy modiifcation if the company's fundamentals change during the life of a call.  This is a good book for developing some new investment strategies, however the reader will benefit if they have a good understanding of technical analysis as well.
This is one of the most intellectually fascinating books I have ever read. As soon as I started thinking about the design of language, I have wondered how language comes about. Who decided which verbs would be regular and which irregular? Why "mice" instead of "mouses"? Even as a child, I wondered "Who decides these things?" (Admittedly, I was not a typical kid.) Why does our language change? Why is English spelling so goofy? How did the Latin noun case structure evolve? Who invented the Arabic triconsonantal pattern?By now, many readers have said "Huh?" and moved on to the next book. But if these are things you've wondered about, this is the perfect book for you, too. Deutscher tries to explain the mysterious processes underlying the development and decay of languages. In his style of writing, he is walking a tightrope; this is a book that is aimed at intellectuals who are not knowledgeable about lingustics. At times he's a bit too cute for his own good, but I will forgive that flaw because it's preferable to being too obtuse. Deutscher's book will never make any bestseller list, but it has made the academic discipline of linguistics accessible to those outside his specialty.
If you're an investor and haven't read security analysis, you really should. First, it is chalk full of very helpful information that is the only resource you need to understand investments. Sometimes it is dated but even then the history lesson is important. For instance, you will definitely be prepared for the next "idiot bubble" in the parlance of Charlie Munger because the book examines overvalued stocks and bonds with real examples. You definitely would never fall into the "real estate values have never declined" fallacy if you had the rudimentary understanding of history this book provides. So, all and all this book is a must read for serious investors.So the material for this book is obviously five star... but I'm quite upset with the missing chapters and appendix. I don't think we need the additional commentary from respected value investors if chapters are missing.  I had to read the missing chapters in .pdf on my Kindle DX which is sort of annoying. It would be forgivable if all the chapters we completely out of date but only the one on options was totally obsolete. So, the lack of a complete book was irritating.I bought the book on the Kindle and in hardback. Get the hardback if you can afford it. It just looks better with all the tables.
After The Firm, John Grisham stumbled through low quality efforts The Pelican Brief, The Client &amp; The Chamber.  He got away from crisp writing and strong character studies of his first two books and threatened to lapse into hackdom.  On The Rainmaker, he gets back to those original traits.  Rudy Baylor is a young lawyer who looses his job with a promising firm and has no other prospects.  He worked at a bar where shady characters frequented and the owner who likes him hooks him up with a small law firm. It is a less than scrupulous firm, with an ambulance chasing attitude.  Rudy is schooled in the art of hanging around hospitals from Deck, a squirrelly little guy.  In the meantime he moves into an apartment over the garage of a lonely old widow, Miss Birdie.  He tends to her yard and starts working with her on her will.  He also gets a case for a young man whose dying and his health insurance company refuses to pay for his medical treatments.  While hanging around the hospital, he meets Kelly, who turns out to be a victim of spousal abuse.  He gets involved with her while working on his cases.  The case against the insurance company is a classic David vs. Goliath scenario.  Mr. Grisham expertly weaves all these plot lines together and keeps the pages turning with bright, vivid and entertaining writing.  The Rainmaker is the best book of his career.
Great book for Grandparents to read to their grandkids.  My grandmother introduced the book to me, then came the movie.  Start with the book, sweet story.
This book provides a good intruction to the field of microbiology by using a series of historical episodes of discovery pertaining to the microbial world.  Some of these discoveries happened some time ago, as during the time of Pasteur or before, and as recent as the use of biomechanical and biochemical characteristics to develop the relatively new field of biotechnology and bioengineering.In this book you will short depictions of notable historical events, such as about Typhoid Mary, a woman who was immune to the effects of the bacteria that cause typhoid, yet through whom many people were infected, some dying.  You will also learn more about anthrax and other bacterial pathogens.  In addition, you will learn about how scientists use other bacteria, like E. coli, to make discoveries that benefit mankind.  The squeemish reader may not want to learn about the communities of bacteria that live on and in our bodies, but, well, they are there, and we would be in sad shape without most of them.  There is also a nice introduction to how some kinds of bacteria can be used to carry out bioremediation (that is, clean up environmentally hazardous waste, including oil spills).All in all an interesting read, yet I found myself wanting more as I read each episode.  There is, however, a nice explanation of what DNA is, and how scientsts are now able to manipulate it to produce GMOs - genetically modified organisms, a process often involving bacteria.A solid 4-star read, though, again, I wish there was more detail inlcuded about some of the stories.  There is not quite enough info here to keep a professional biologist happy, but it will serve quite well for the non-scientist who wants to learn something about bacteria and their roles in the world.
Good Job, Jack!!As a one-time Wall Street professional, I find books about the top minds of business interesting. Truly, this book about the now-retired CEO of General Electric, the world's best run company, is fascinating. It not only gives us insight into Jack Welch the man, but the strategies he used to make GE a darling of Wall Street and Main Street.What I found most intriguing about this book is its dedication to showing HOW and WHY Mr. Welch employed his fresh attitudes towards his pursuit of excellence. He addresses many salient issues, including1. Leadership being the key to successful management, not managing; 2. Harnessing the true power of the corporation: its employees; 3. The advantages of large corporations acting like small companies; 4. Growth by globalization; 5. Corporate change is natural and necessary.  Jack Welch has proven that he was one of the greatest leaders corporate America has known. The author, Robert Slater, does a superb job of taking us inside GE and Jack Welch's head. This book will stand as a tribute to GE's greatness and Welch's vision, strength, courage and brilliance.If you are an entrepreneur, corporate manager or business executive, this book is well worth the read.
This is a great Anti-war novel. Not because it was so poetically or epically written. In many instances, at least this translation, is rather bland or confusing in it's writing style. No, this novel is great because it portrays so accurately the horror of insanity and war. The merits of this book go beyond a pure literary standpoint, to a moral and human standpoint.  It shows the utter insanity of the mass carnage of war through the humble and human lens of those who must endure it. It shows unjust War for what it is, the suicide of humanity. A pointless slaughter, a breeding of hatred and discord among human brothers. This is a good book for all those thinking about the military, because it exposes the destructive and hypocritical nature of most wars, and indeed of a lot of the military apparatus. Human suffering is close at hand in this book, and one cannot read it without coming face to face with it's reality.This is a great novel because it has a great message that it relays in very vivid terms. War is the suicide of humanity, the death of innocence, and the spring of bitterness, hatred, and yet more war.
The extraordinary beauty of Paton's best-known novel--the first of many works set in his native South Africa--is not its lyrical prose, its biblical allusions, or its evocative descriptions of Natal and Johannesburg. While all of these elements are striking and original, what truly lends the work its power are the moral questions the author leaves unanswered. Refusing to assign blame and casting an empathetic look both at the ruling white class and at impoverished blacks, Paton offers a far more devastating condemnation of apartheid than if he had written a book with clear-cut villains and saviors. The author's abhorrence of what became of South African society never threatens to overwhelm his love for his homeland.The novel's two protagonists are Stephen Kumalo, a black pastor in the countryside, and James Jarvis, a wealthy white man. Both men are remote from their sons; Absalom left his rural home to seek a new life in Johannesburg, where Arthur Jarvis fights for racial justice--much to the chagrin of his conservative father. Chance and circumstance throw these two young men into a fatal confrontation, and their fathers struggle to make something from what little remains of their sons' lives.Paton acknowledged that he began this novel shortly after reading Steinbeck's "The Grapes of Wrath"--and the influence is obvious and deliberate. Published as protest novels, both works revealed to an international readership the squalid lives of migrant workers and of the African underclass, respectively. Not coincidentally, both novels are also heavily indebted to the Book of Job. Overall, I think Paton's book improves on its illustrious counterpart; remaining faithful to the traditions of American naturalism, Paton's prose strips away Steinbeck's occasionally excessive verbiage to a leaner, meaner singsong prose.
This is a story written in first person by a 15 year old boy who is accused of killing his neighbor's dog.The story starts with Christpher seeing the dog in his neighbors yard with a garden fork speared thru it.  He is very upset and when the police arrive trouble starts.People do not realize that Christopher is autistic and he has definite characteristics that are misconstrude as being strange.  He decides he wants to write a mystery story about the dog being killed and who did it and why?  As he starts to write this book, the rest of his life that was hidden from him starts to unfold.  The events that preceeded the dog being killed are terrible and his father hid them from him for a very long time, until he does some searching and investigating and finds out about his Mother, and how she "died".This book lets you into the mind of functioning autistic boy and his feelings about common things that most of us don't even give second thoughts about.It was an excellent book, and I really enjoyed it.
The principles in this book are excellent and applicable even at the lowest level of single individual proprietorship small business. Recommended reading for any one, even a part timer, small business. You should also add 'The 22 Immutable Laws of Marketing' and 'The 22 Immutable Laws of Branding' and make it a set.I give this book only four stars because: a) toward the last quarter of the book he parsed into separate categories several 'principles' that were really just a single principle and I got the feeling he was just trying to make the book seem more 'rich with information';  b) this information is thirty to thirty five years old (1980,s) and the examples show it. It needed to be updated - it was published 2001; c)  some of the predictions in the book were way off. After thirty five years or so, they now know what really happened and should have explained the reasons, thus adding to real 'richness of information'.Nevertheless, the principles are sound, well tested, and applicable (with some good judgement when doing so).
Frankly while I can see why people may dislike this book, I still can't help but give the long eye to those who do. The Secret History is quite simply the most astonishing debut novel I've read since Mary Russel's The Sparrow, and it is very easy to see why it took Tartt a little under a decade to produce.If I had to sum up this particular novel in one word it would be "magical" even though it is a novel set very much in the world of the mundane - college classes, parties, weekends at a country house by the lake. Tartt takes the typically stylistically simple and morally boring world of the east coast college scene and manages to infuse it with delicate, vivid descriptions that made reading such a visceral experience that at times it felt more like watching a movie than it did reading a 500+ pg tiny type book.And the structuring! No review of this book could be complete without a total swoon over the plot structure. Some readers have lamented over the fact that the story begins with the murder taking place, thereby cheating the audience of pondering over who's going to give the ax to who and at what point. But by doing so Tartt effectively recreates the ancient Greek plot structure used in so many plays where emphasis is placed on characters and relationships to move the plot forward rather than the culmination of a single event. And it's not only the plot that gets this treatment either - her characters all fill the parts usually allotted within the ancient formula as well. And the really fabulous thing is that Tartt does this so seamlessly that it almost becomes invisible, even to the most discerning eye.I won't spend time going over the plot or the characters. It's been done before and honestly I think the less one knows about this going in other than "classics majors" and "murder" the better. But what I will say is that this is definitely a book worth reading. So rarely do books with this amount of hype turn out to be anything but convenient beach read fodder, but any shelf without a copy of TSH is a lonesome and bare one indeed. Push aside the catty reviews about how "overly erudite" it is from other readers and pick up your own copy today.
I really enjoyed this book because it shows real life examples of investors and traders who made huge gains following the principles and strategies of William O'Neil's book "How to make money in stocks" and Investor's Business Daily. Somewhat like the "Market Wizards" series from Jack Schwager, author Amy Smith distills the principles from successful Can Slim practitioners. The book also has charts showing exact buy and sell points that the successful traders made and the specific patterns that caused them to buy whether it was a stock breaking out of a cup with handle pattern or on a breakaway gap up after earnings. Also you will see the stock charts where these investors held a stock for long periods of time and where they added to their position and how they sold to finally lock in profits on either climax top out runs or if the stock broke under the 50 day on volume.This is a gem of a book, showing how real everyday people changed their lives through the teachings of William J. O'Neil and Investor's Business Daily. Many held stocks for 25% to 100% returns and more. Many made six figure returns and even became millionaires trading the right stocks in a real bull market.The key to the system is buying the stocks in the companies that are changing the world at the right time out of of the right base in a bull market in an up trend.Most have studied the rules, principles, and concepts in IBD and "How to make money in stocks" this book shows the art of putting it all together for great investment returns out of the mouths of the people who already did.
If you know C or C++ then this is without doubt the ideal book to bring you up to speed on Java.  This is because almost Java feature is compared and contrasted with its C++ equivalent.  It's written by someone who has a  deep understanding of the language and who is used to communiating with  other programmers.  Pretty much everything is covered in depth.  The sample  code is extensive and a lot of thought obviously went into producing it.  Nevertheless, a few of the objects created (bowls, tables, cupboards, in  one instance) hinder rather than help explain the underlying code.Beginners might find parts of the book a little daunting but, if they  are keen, there is nothing that can't be understood with a couple of  re-readings and a play with the sample code.Overall an excellent  book.(For those coming from VB , I'd suggest Core Java by Horstmann and  Cornell.)
This is a beautifully written book about the fading joys of youth, the inexorable gloom of the ugly, cascading realities of adulthood, and the choices one can make with that deeply personal inner dialog.Why has it taken me so long to get to John Updike and this magnificent work of art?  Again, I'm struck by the thought that if I'd been smart enough to read this as a younger man, it would have made me a different person.  I wish I'd read this 30 years ago, although I note that Updike's observations and themes that resonate so congruently with me now really would have had no traction with the nave 19-year-old me.This book reminded of McCarthy's masterpieceSuttree.  Both explore men who flee the stricture of adult responsibility.  But freedom isn't free, as both books show, and that innate need for a man to connect with others--women, especially--keeps complicating things.I was also reminded of my favoriteCatch-22, both works ending with the protagonist--you love him or you hate him--taking off at a dead run.  Yossarian and Harry Angstrom are on the lam, but from what and to what are the enthralling issues that make both books so compelling.  I'm looking forward to the remaining threeRabbit books, but will space them out, to anticipate them more.Synopsis: After glorious high school basketball stardom, Harry "Rabbit" Angstrom, 26, is sick of his flat, predictable, mundane, inglorious job and family and life, and has to have something else.  He abandons his pregnant wife and young son to explore his desires and possibilities in an early 1950s spring in a gray industrial Pennsylvania valley.Harry's running a lot, to and from things he hasn't taken the time to identify, or doesn't want to identify.  He's too busy living in the now, just having fun being without any real responsibility.The truth of a real, pedestrian, routine life as an independent adult has finally landed on Harry, and it does not measure up to what he expected--and he seems to think he was promised--after his fantastic high school launch.  His coach is unstable, quite possibly a repressed pedophile.  His parents are beaten and angry, his in-laws ugly and distrustful snobs.  All of this takes place in a stereotypical Pennsylvania industrial town, built on the side of the mountain, with another town on the other side, full of "them" and the typical, predictable, inescapable small-town jealousies, rivalries, resentment, class issues, etc.  It's depressing and crushing, so what's the point, right?Updike's characters are magnificently defined, perfectly described, and utterly human.  It is hard to decide if you like or dislike any of them, because at any moment they are lovely and loving, tender and kind, mature and self-sacrificing, but in the space of a page, and even from one sentence to another they turn ugly, resentful, scheming, immature, hateful and cruel.  I know these kinds of people--they are everyone around me.  And it's me, too.  Updike makes his characters so fascinating because he unflinchingly makes them so human, showing us their inner observations and monologues, the things we never say but want to.Updike is exploring sexuality, mostly male sexuality, although he has a go at women's, too.  It's not cheap or prurient, but (again) honest and straightforward, his narrative clear but not pornographic, getting at a fundamental aspects of who we are as living creatures, and how the rutting brute inside each of us really does struggle with the rational, moral and polite.  The book's overall POV is masculine, as this is Harry's story.Updike has so much going on here: the burden of dead-end existence; the weight of adult responsibility; the pain and hypocrisy of dutiful wedlock; human sexuality; fulfillment and purpose; the nature of attraction; love, and its source and evolution; mortality and its incessant approach; yearning for growth; lost youth; the futility of life; the duality of beauty and ugliness; and a lot more.This being my first book of his, I loved Updike's detailed, lingering prose, so poetic and beautifully crafted, but also cinematic in its structure.  It is not flowery, but has a wonderful texture and cadence, and surprisingly, is great to read aloud.  The subject matter and the language of the book are adult (specifically sexual), but this is not too much for an older, mature high school student.Bottom line: this is a wonderful book, if anything for its magnificent writing.  For a seemingly trite story of a low-end salesman in an unremarkable town, the story is compelling, but in the end there is no answer, no true resolution, which after all, is the only possible ending to Rabbit's run.
This book is easily the best investment I made into books during the past years. I want to learn GPU programming but don't have the time nor patience to collect all the information spread out over the internet. This book make learning Cuda really easy. The example they use is a simple matrix multiplication, no fancy high level math or anything that would distract you from learning the actual language and the underlying hardware concept. Forget about tutorials and manuals. Get this book first and you do yourself a huge favor.After reading the first 1/4 or so I was booked for a "Webinar" by NVIDIA titled "Introduction To Cuda" or something like that. I didn't learn as much as I did from the first few pages of this book and I wouldn't have understood half of it had it not been for knowledge I gained from this book first. So go, get it.
Thank you for writing this so clearly...it answered a lot of the questions I was having reguarding the MANY supplments...the reasearch is honest and I do feel comfortable with their findings
This book hit the bottom of my stomach like a brick. It is a very short book but VERY powerful. It is on my best list. It is an easy read but I will never forget it. I would like for everyone to read this at some point in time. It gives you a feeling of appreciation for what you have no matter how litlle it is. Worth your time and recommendations to others. Please read!!!
We have tons of kids books and read handfuls everyday, so this one was very refreshing in that it was soooo different from the other ones we owned.  It is very original and creative.  The illustrations are extremely simple though. There is one part about a dragon though guarding an apple tree that scared my child at first, so we just emphasized, he is guarding the yummy apples for Harold and that seemed to help.  I'm very glad I decided to order this book.
Way before there was Waldo, there was Wallace, an orangutan with long orange fur who lives at the zoo.  Everybody loves Wallace and his cage is always surrounded by happy, laughing people.  Mr Frumbee, his zookeeper, has always treated Wallace like one of his own family and they are special friends.  They often eat together, or read books, or just have a good time.  But even though he has a very good life at the zoo, Wallace wanted to get out and see some of the world Mr Frumbee was always telling him about.  One day Mr Frumbee didn't close Wallace's cage door tightly and he escaped to the department store..... Hilary Knight's classic story of an adventurous monkey is truly as wonderful today, as it was when he wrote it 37 years ago.  His charming and humorous text, with clues to help find Wallace, is only outdone by his marvelously intricate panoramic illustrations, full of energy, busy activity and detail.  Children will revel in the fun of helping Mr Frumbee find Wallace over and over again, at the department store, beach, baseball game, nature museum, circus, amusement park and even out in the country, picnicking.  And for those who find Wallace and are up to an additional challenge, check out the totem pole at the museum, for a hint and then locate his six friends in each picture, that always travel with him.  Perfect for youngsters 4-8, Where's Wallace is a timeless family classic to be shared and treasured for many generations to come.
Lord's book is probably the most incredible non-fiction book I've ever read.  I've read just about every book on Titanic there is, and Lord's surpasses all of them immeasurably.  An incredibly detailed account of the sinking that focuses on the passengers and desribes facts you won't see anywhere else.
A light and entertaining book about elderly pensioners in England being uprooted to a new retirement home/&#34;hotel&#34; in India. Moggach is witty and writes with excellent character voice. There are several stories being told at the same time and in a serendipitous way which is endearing but slightly confusing at times since some name drops aren't clearly explained as to whether they belong to both stories or just coincidentally have the same name.Some of the characters are offensive and most are racist but I got the feeling that it was more of a timeframe ideal as opposed to racism for the point of being racist. Moggach does say at one point that this group is the last of a dying generation and the sons and daughters have very different perspectives of the country that they're in.I wish there was more of a concrete &#34;happy ending&#34; but I'm not left unsatisfied by the book. There were some strings left hanging that I really wanted to see closed up but I'm still okay with not knowing. The strings that did close up were done in a cute way.I do think that &#34;Those Foolish Thing,&#34; the previous title of this book prior to the movie, was a more fitting title.
I read this book because a coworker very strongly recomended it to me. He also recomended that I try it. Initially I dropped some weight and was pretty well convinced that it worked but I held out the final acceptance until this past weekend when I ran a half marathon and came within striiking distance of a personal best.I do not agree with all of the arguments of the book. But I have tried running at a slower rate to maintain my lower heart rate and it has worked out well for me. I suggest reading this work and implementing the parts that are right for you.
This is the fifth Stephen Hunter book I have read. I have thoroughly enjoyed each one. This is no exception. It offered a unique perspective from the past with Earl and in the present with Bob Lee. Like all of his books, there tends to be a bit of a stretch of reality at times -- but its all smart, exciting action. I look forward to reading the next Hunter novel. I highly recommend this book.
Employing one of the ugliest chapters in American history, William Styron created something in "The Confessions Of Nat Turner" that transcends racial and political boundaries even as it defines them. It is a haunting rumination on the sadness of the human condition.Nat Turner is a slave in Virginia in the early 1830s. All his life he has been better off than most slaves, sometimes even comfortable, to the point where he once looked down on his fellow blacks. But slowly he changes, a moment crystallized when a master promises Nat his freedom while a coffle of slaves en route to Georgia pass by. Nat's reading of the Bible enforces a calling he hears to serve God by freeing his fellow men. It's a calling that will leave hundreds dead, and Nat a broken, self-questioning man in his cell awaiting execution.A magnet for controversy since its 1967 publication, "Confessions" is a white secular liberal's take on a black religious zealot's life a century-and-change later. As many reviewers here point out, it's not meant as history but fiction. Turner himself is something of a mystery to historians, his only words come down to us through the writings of his oppressors. Styron wasn't writing here to fill a hole, however; he wants to employ Turner in a different cause than Turner's own, to examine how one might find meaning in a meaningless existence full of strife and injustice. Once you go with that, rather than fight it as a vision perhaps different from yours or the historic record, "Confessions" becomes a helluva ride.A central riddle of the story is why the rebellion happened where it did. Virginia in the 1830s was a far milder place for slaves than was the Deep South. Styron portrays Jerusalem, where Turner led the slaves to not just rise up but indiscriminately slay every white, as almost pleasant. The greatest harm done Nat by a white is by a well-meaning owner who simply doesn't follow through on his good intentions. Styron's point, I think, is this: It's not the individuals but the institution itself that brings the wrath of centuries down upon man, woman, and babe alike."Does it seem a hopeless paradox that the less toilsome became the circumstances of my life the more I ached to escape it?" Turner asks us, his silent audience in his cell. "That the more tolerable and human white people became in their dealings with me the keener was my passion to destroy them?"Styron writes with an easy eloquence and a direct point of view that makes the pages whiz by. As his character of Nat is the narrator, we come to know him from the narration as much as by his actions. There are moments of uneasy levity, like some of the antics of Nat's various white masters, but overall the tone is serious. Even when action is sparse, you know it's coming, and when it does, the descriptions are ferocious.Styron spares no one's sensibilities. Nat has an explicitly rendered dalliance with another male slave, and sexually tangled feelings about white women, one in particular, which seems to influence his religious visions. His rebellion is presented as a take-no-prisoners escape attempt, rather than a suicide mission of retribution, which undercuts how many radicals prefer to see Turner today. White Southerners, which Styron was himself, are depicted in various shadings of damned and depraved.Styron struggles, as do the historians, with the concept of who Turner was and what he wanted, but I think where he succeeds, brilliantly, is in finding some principle for his existence. If there is any hope for man, it is in the passion to right wrongs against impossible odds. Alas, another brilliant aspect to Styron's book is its suggestion of ultimate hopelessness.Bleakness does not equal greatness, but when backed up by the depth of knowledge, of human feeling, of pure nerve and biting wit, that "Confessions" contains, you don't put it down, let alone argue with it. The arguments come after, which is where they should with works of art like this.
I have seen some very negative reviews of Timeline.  This is honestly one of the best books that I have read in quite some time.  I agree that Crichton side-stepped a few hairy issues with using quantum phyisics as a  time travel mechanism, but this is a novel folks - if you need hardcore  information take a look at the bibliography at the back of the book!  Crichton did his homework!This was a great read; I cannot recommend it  highly enough!
I have been very much enjoying reading  _Snap Judgment: When to Trust Your Instincts, When to Ignore Them, and How to Avoid Making Big Mistakes with Your Money_ , more so than I would have thought.  David Adler has a style I would compare to Carl Sagan, or Stephen J. Gould to the extent that he makes complicated ideas comprehensible to those outside the field.  "Snap Judgment" is a book which is intelligently written for the lay person (those without an economics degree); it informs without condescending.The content of the book integrates macro and microeconomics with social psychology (as well as cognitive, behavioral, evolutionary, and a bit of neuropsychology)to explain both individual and group behavior as it applies to finance.  He begins by distinguishing between intuitive and analytical thought and when one or the other is more appropriate (explaining that most of us rely primarily on intuitive thought).  For many people, this would be reason alone to get this book.  He provides clear examples and anecdotes to illustrate errors most of us make when we approach a problem/ situation in the wrong way.He goes on to explain how individual errors in judgment and various forms of "groupthink" produced the recent bubbles, and further, how we can avoid getting caught in this in the future.I enjoyed this book more than almost anything else I have read in the area (economics/ finance); so why 4 stars instead of 5....well, I reserve 5 stars for my very favorite things (and it would be tough for any book in this area to reach that threshold) and... as a psychologist whose primary research area is cognition, I believe any book, theory, what-have-you, which describes "2 types of thinking" (and there are many versions of same) loses something.  That said, if he had tried to describe endless feedback loops: internal, social... etc. the book would have lost a lot of clarity, and become something else altogether.  As is, he has tackled and emerging interdisciplinary field and provided a readable, enjoyable overview which can be easily understood by people who do not have backgrounds in either economics or psychology; no small feat.
Marketers are often under the illusion that the things they do - the ads, the promotions, the product development - are the sole levers that will lead to success or otherwise. We often forget that the other player  - the customer - has a few levers of their own. One of these levers is the "off lever" and by this I mean the propensity of consumers to switch off completely and run on habit.Dr Martin really explored this when he was involved in alcohol counselling - and through his understanding of the mechanics of human habit he then stood back and looked at how consumers operate.Put simply we generally run on habit. Having formulated a preferred brand, and the few underpinning rules or heuristics to support that decision, we then switch off unless something disrupts the pattern.In the view of Martin some 95% of consumer decisions are hardly decisions at all: they're habitual patterns. You reach for the familiar peanut butter without actually reading the label. That's how branding works really well.But it is also how new brands, and new line extensions and new ideas can founder really badly. If you launch a better peanut butter - and it tests really, really well in sensory research, and in the focus groups they love that new pack! alas, in the supermarket it dies a quiet death, along with 80% of other new launches. Somehow the new launch has failed to break those consumer habits.Shoppers behave, metaphorically, like supertankers. They can't steer nimbly to new offers and new ideas. They're set on the course of well established habits.Neale Martin explores this in great depth (I must add, he cites the work of New Zealand based Alastair Gordon, and of myself - we've worked in this territory together: Alastair really introduced me and many others to the science of heuristics,) and in conclusion delivers for readers a four step programme to behavioural marketing: looking at the way we can "train" consumers to break their habits.This introduces entirely new ways that you might consider for your next round of brand research and long-term strategy.- First, we look at context and habit formation - the way consumers develop their routines.- Next he suggests methods of training consumers - giving them the opportunity to repeat, easily, some new behaviour.- The next two steps consist of reinforcement and the offering of cues - to retrigger the new habits.In breaking things down this way, Neale does us the favour of showing us how the customer experience doesn't follow the hoary old AIDA model whereby advertising and awareness drive everything (a model developed in the 1890s, maybe it is just a little superceded) but rather follows a rather more personal chain of events from discovery, trial, learning and  habit formation.For that reason the book, while deceptively simple and well written, is quietly provocative. Neale Martin is more than a theoretician too: his work in the mobile phone market has resulted in a quite revolutionary marketing approach by North American player Sprint. The design of their entire system revolves around developing in their customers some powerful habits that work for the customer, but certainly bring greater loyalty (and I suppose profits) to Sprint.This is well worth a read. I concur that habit is a force that marketers ignore: what Dr Martin establishes quite clearly is that we ignore this force at our peril.
If you've been in IT for any length of time, you have undoubtedly experienced what Yourdon calls a "death march" project.  These are projects that are underfunded, understaffed, or have deadlines that are unrealistic by a factor of 2x or more.  You're expected to sacrifice your life and health for an extended period of time to complete an impossible task.  And what's worse, this type of project is becoming all too common in today's business.  The book "Death March", while it's unable to stop these projects, can help you survive and manage them.Yourdon examines the reasons behind why companies run projects in this fashion, as well as some of the surrounding issues that can complicate an already impossible situation.  For instance, you may have a tight deadline, but the "Policy Police" expect all the required paperwork to be filled out for each deliverable.  Or even more common, you have decisions that need to be made by the customer, but the customer delays making those choices by days or weeks, thereby pushing the schedule off track even further.  By understanding these situations, you can devise ways to work around them or to manage expectations so that you don't get saddled with all the blame for missed deadlines in the end.Both managers and developers will find useful material in this book.  It is slanted a bit more towards the management side, but it's useful for both parties to know and understand the external pressures that are affecting the outcome of their project.ConclusionIf you are working on a death march project (or work for a company where they are all too common), this book can give you some practical ways to deal with the issues that cause them.  The projects will not go away, but you will at least have a chance to survive them without losing your sanity.
Patterson continues to astonish with his intricate and complex murder mysteries; that have a little bit of romance in them!  Good read.
Having read almost all of his work, I can definitively say this is the best of Jack London.  An epic tale to rival Treasure Island with an unforgettable cast of characters.  A tale of a 19th century city gentleman finding himself on board The Ghost and under the control of the hard as nails Wolf Larson.  Lives are forever changed during the course of this epic adventure.  I highly recommend it.
The iron condor is basically an option trade that involves selling and buying two out-of-the money calls and two out-of-the money puts in the same month for one stock or index.  Actually, you are really putting on two vertical spreads, one on each side of the current price of the stock or index.The author favors trading the SPX, RUT, and NDX mainly for reasons of liquidity and the fact that as European-style options you do not have to worry about exercise prior to expiration date.  Interestingly, the back cover stresses the ability to earn consistent returns very month with "surprisingly modest risk," but the author himself states early in the book that this should not be considered to be an income strategy and then he goes on to stress that there are a lot of risks with this strategy.  In fact as he explains, those risks make it imperative that the trader keep a watchful eye on both "wings" of the condor so that adjustments can be made as needed.  This is definitely not one of those trades that you can put on and then just check every week or so.Although many traders who use spreads typically like to leave their trades on for as long as possible in the hopes of keeping most, if not all of the amounts that they were credited when the trade was opening, this author actually recommends against holding trades open for this long.  He definitely is more in favor of going for singles rather than home runs.  For example, he claims that "the exit strategy that works best is to give back almost all of the credit.  If you take in an initial 16% credit and keep only 3%, 4% or 5%, you're giving back most of the potential profits.  How many trades have you made that can consistently make profits of 3% in a few days regardless of the direction of the market?"  I see his point, but if you are someone who has only previously traded options from the long side, be prepared to change your way of thinking.Those who have been involved in other types of spreads may already be familiar with much of the material found in the book, but those who have not been involved in selling options or in spread trading of any type will find this book interesting.  If you read the book and decide that you're really not that interested in this particular strategy or type of trading, you won't have to waste much of your time since the book can be finished in one sitting.
Ray Atlee is summoned back to his childhood home by his ailing father, Judge Reuban Atlee. Judge Atlee is dying of cancer and, presumably, wants to settle his estate with his sons, Ray and Forrest. However, when Ray arrives at the home, he finds his father already dead. The estate doesn't amount to very much. However, as Ray searches the house on his own, he comes upon a large sum of money not accounted for in the will. The cash totals 3.5 million dollars. After the house is broken into and searched, Ray realizes he is not the only one who knows about the money. As he takes the time to decide how he should handle the situation, he becomes more and more threatened by the shadowy presence of his pursuers.John Grisham, as one of the world's bestselling and best known writers, should set a very high standard for himself. The reason he is so well regarded is much in evidence here. The writing is very strong with a profound sense of place. The characters are well thought out and it is their vivid realism that propels the story along. In a sense, Ray Atlee reminds me of the Dick Francis hero with his strong set of values which must be upheld at any cost. This may be one of John Grisham's best novels in quite some time. However, even at his most mediocre, he is better than the vast majority of writers working today.
This book is a relatively short (main text is 160 pages) overview of bacteria - what they are, how many there are (lots!), where they live (everywhere), and why they are very, very important to us as individuals and to the world around us.  The book is one of the best popular science books I have read in a while - language is clear and the author covers a lot of ground quickly, starting with discovery of bacteria, basic methods of microbiology, and then five very good chapter on different aspects of bacteria, including development of antibiotics (and discussion of their limits), biotechnology, and role of bacteria in overall ecology.  If there is a central message of this book, it is that bacteria are incredibly important and not simply because some cause disease.  The book definitely opens ones eyes to the size and importance of the microworld, which really is quite an amazing place.The book is well worth reading --My only complaint is that it covers too many topics -- The author (a microbiologist) plainly known her topic and brings passion to it, so could easily have written a book with a bit more depth.  I will give it an (easy)  four based on its wide range and good writing.
I had never heard of this series, but I'm very glad now because I plan to read all of them!
This book is filled with good ideas. Not coming from an art background, but believing in the benefits of it as healing and therapeutic, I found it good for a beginner.
The gods of Ancient Greece are, perhaps, the original dysfunctional family.  Unfortunately for the mortals here on Earth, we have to suffer the effects of this dysfunction.  So, what if the gods were still alive today, and living in a dilapidated home in London?  Their powers are failing, and forced to find jobs, the gods worry about their future.  But this doesn't prevent their bickering.  Two young mortal lovers, Alice and Neil, find themselves unwittingly drawn into a disputed between Apollo and Aphrodite, and suddenly nothing in their lives goes according to plan.  Apollo, stung by Alice's rejection, tricks Zeus into killing her, and Neil must take on the role of mythical hero to save both Alice and the world.This book is a hilarious look at Greek mythology superimposed on modern society.  The gods themselves are true to their mythical personalities, but each with a modern twist, and the story provides for many amusing situations.  But in the end, the gods learn the origins of their weakness, and new understanding of their relationship to the mortals is achieved.
I am almost 69 years old, and have been a student of all of the presidents of my lifetime, starting with FDR and going to GWB.  I have known Bill and Hillary Clinton personally since they both moved to Fayetteville to teach at the University of Arkansas Law School in the early 70s.  I met Hillary first as her physician and she soon introduced me to her then boyfriend, Bill.  My wife and I became good friends with Bill and Hillary and strong supporters for his political campaigns over the years.  I became very angry with Bill in one of his last races for Governor of Arkansas because of what I perceived as a weakness on the abortion issue when I knew that he was a strong supporter of abortion rights.  We had some harsh writen words about what I considered his failure to live by his beliefs on the issue and his failure to recognize that he would never be able to gain access to any significant support from the religious right on this issue and I felt that he was abandoning his beliefs in a failed attempt to perhaps gain an extremely few possible votes by not supporting a friend. (Me. I was then a practicing ob-gyn providing abortions, which I considered was an extremely important part of my practice - for which I was receiving heavy attacks from the radical prolifers in our state.)  I finally came to the conclusion that I had never demanded perfection from myself, and thus how could I expect it of my friends. And Bill Clinton once again became one of my political heroes, but in a much more realistic way.MY LIFE is an extrodinary piece of work, starting with his childhood as the fatherless child of a widowed mother whose courage, strength, energy, constant opptimisum never laided - at least never that her son knew - and continuing through his life in the care of his grandparents who ran a small grocery in a mostly black neighborhood of Hope, Arkansas, and then his school years in Hot Springs where, as well as in Hope, he developed friendships that have lasted for all of his life.  Perhaps one of the most remarkable things about this book is the science of family, community and fellowship that it expresses.  My wife and I were lucky enough to be among the few extremely close friends, family members and invited guests at Bill and Hillary's small wedding, although we neither one realised at the time what an honor they had bestowed upon on us.  Bill Clinton and Hillary are two of the most compelling public figures of any century, and the enemies he and she have attracted, express much more about themselves than they say about this extordinary couple.  MY LIFE is an unequalled gift of a truly amazing life - its both amazing successes and excusitely painful failures, a story of loving friends and family members lost; about the unbelievably borish, arrogant, and essentially treasonous political enemies he accumulated.  And perhaps the most amazing thing in the book, is the almost endless ability that it demonstrates of a man's determination to continue his work under vicious attacks by those who's only goal was to destroy him with no regard for how many innocent people were hurt, or for the lives that were destroyed.I am so proud to have known Bill and Hillary Clinton and their families and some of their friends; and to have been their friend for a few short years wen I and they were much younger;  to have had the opportunity to read this book, which outlines snd showcases some of the most extraordinary persons and events in U.S. history.  You go, Bill and Hillary.  You both have given already an almost unsurpassed contribution to our nation's history, which will obviously judge you with a much more reasoned and rationnal mind than the idiots who have hated you, seemingly for no more reason Christ was hated - you aspired to, and tried to, make our world a better place.Of course, Bill Clinton, unlike the reportedly perfect Christ was not perfect.  He was and is a human being, with a human being's weaknesses and flaws, exposed to far greater challenges and fatal, sinful attractions than most of us will ever face.  But he never made the mistake of seeking power solely for powers rewards.  And it turns out that his sin was much more human and forgivable than any of the wicked and venomous efforts of those so anxious to pursue him to the ends of the earth, like the madly possessed detective in Victor Hugo's masterpiece.I wish I could come back in fifty or so years, to see what history has to say about Bill Clinton and his book. I don't believe that he has anything to worry about, and I suspect this is simply one more thing that makes some of his reviewers so furious.  wfh
I always love this story, and still do.  I wanted to have it on my Kindle so i can hopefully read it to my Grand-Daughter.  I want to introduce it to her at Christmas time in hopes that she will love it as much as i do, and her mother too.
Absolutely no one writes as well, knows as much, or has as much to say about designing world class programs as Robert Martin. This book should be on every serious programmer's shelf; whatever language you happen to be programming in.
Reading this book was a way to get acquainted with Steinbeck the man. Like Louis Lamour's, Education of a Wandering Man, it is a book very different from the more familiar approach the authors are known for. Both tell you more about the author, and the stories although interesting and well done, are in many ways secondary.  One uses an autobiography, the other a trip across America, but both show you things about the man you probably didn't know.His interaction with people from all over the country that he meets on this trip adds insight to the type of country many of us remember in the 1960's.  The book is full of Steinbeck's opinions on the country, the people in it, and really about how he looks at things.The book also reminds me of William Buckley's book, Raging through Paradise. In both books you find yourself on a very interesting and even educational trip but it turns out that the trip is a backdrop for the authors opinions on the just about everything.Charley the dog was well worth getting to know. The dog served as an interesting character well worth getting to know. In addition the dog, as much as the trip itself, served again as a means of learning about the author.My reading of this book followed my reading of most of his books. I think that is a great approach. Read this book after the others.  It brings a whole new feeling about the author. A great book to add to your reading of Steinbeck.
&quot;Life and Death in Shanghai&quot; is a serious and sobering piece of work. It provides a personal account of the Cultural Revolution in China that is both horrifying and inspirational.Nien Cheng had lived a privileged life in Shanghai. The widow of the former General Manager of Shell, she too had worked there after his death until they left the mainland in the mid 1960's.Soon after, she became a target of harassment for the authorities. She was brought in for questioning, her home was ransacked, she was under observation. Then she was put into solitary detention for six and a half years. Her description of her time in prison and of her ability to stand up to the authorities again and again is amazing.This book put a human face on the cultural war and on suffering its citizens went through at this time. She almost dies several times in the book; the reader feels as if he or she is dying along with her.I would recommend this book to those individuals who enjoy memoirs and historical biographies. You certainly feel as if you are a personal witness to history through Cheng's eyes.
Outlander is about to be turned into a television series on Starz in June 2014 and I highly recommend watching it even if you have never read this book.  The story is amazong and the characters are ones you go back to again and again.  There are seven books currently in the series and number eight is coming out June 10th.  Start at the beginning and get ready for an amazing ride with Claire and Jamie!
Cross Fire by James PattersonKyle Craig is back.  If you have read any of the Alex Cross books, that four word sentence is enough for you to want to read this one.  Multiple plots, multiple villains and an intense climax make this a speedy read.Alex is in love again.  This Time Bree Stone is the object of his affection.  This guy has had more deep loves than Jacque Cousteau.  A wedding is planned and surprisingly Nana is on board.  The kids are also in favor of Bree.  Sounds like a love story but then add Kyle Craig, the monomaniac ex-FBI serial killer.  That provides a heady mix and an intoxicating brew.  Typically fast paced with the characteristic 2 and three page chapters the book moves really fast.An ethical dilemma that plays well in today's distrustful environment complicates an already involved plot.  High profile sleazoids are being killed.  Mortgage brokers defrauding home owners, oil speculators, people who are widely hated for their self serving behavior are being killed and the killer is seen as a dispenser of justice.  This  adds difficulty to Cross and Sampson when they investigate.  Who wants a "patriot" to be caught?This Patterson was a bit more thought provoking than many.  Don't get me wrong, I most often enjoy them but they seldom cause me to ponder.  The ethical issues in one case, in this book, let me to ponder my own feelings on the situation.  It was an extra added bonus on top of the light speed, cotton candy read that I usually expect from Patterson.I highly recommend it.
It wouldn't be right to say much about the plot of a detective murder mystery. So I won't. The short, non-spoiler synopsis is: Holmes and Watson solve the crime behind the mysterious death of a man with the surname Baskervilles, circumstances being complicated by a curse. The characters were well-developed, descriptions good, plot non-figure-out-able. I'd only take issue with statements that seem true, but turn out to false or vice-versa. Then again, I guess that the way it goes the genre.This being my first Sherlock Holmes story, I was surprised to learn that this particular book is (p vii) "the most popular Holmes story and perhaps Doyle's most acclaimed work." Also interesting is the fact that (p vi, vii) Doyle killed off Holmes (in a book published in 1894), but brought him back for this book, published in 1901. Although a helpful explanatory Notes section was provided to clarify some of the terminology, the book was, in general, a short, easy, enjoyable read. I preferred it to The Maltese Falcon by Dashiell Hammett, another author I read recently for the first time. Even better: The Woman in White by Wilkie Collins.
This is a beautiful book that's trying to help people who cannot have enough and keep chasing more and almost impossible dreams.  In most cases, results can be very devastating.  I like the book because Mr. Ben-Shahar is trying to show us that we cannot have it all.  We need to take into account of our previous failures and draw lessons from them in order to avoid falling in the same trap.  We also need to seek wisdom from the older generation who have gathered more experience over time. I would recommend the book to my children and friends.
By the end of his life, Hemingway and his narratives had become so intertwined in so many ways that it was often impossible to know where the fiction ended and the real life began.  Hemingway was a master at incorporating elements of his own life and experience into his fiction, and acting out elements of his stories in his own life, that by the time of this text, 'A Moveable Feast', written near the end of his life (and published posthumously) the boundary between fact and fiction was a very permeable boundary.Of course, for Hemingway, truth was about as fascinating as fiction could ever be.  With this particular text, the reader learns much about Hemingway and the particular time of the artists and post-World War I community in Paris.  The inscription shows the influence that this time and experience had on Hemingway:'If you are lucky enough to have lived in Paris as a young man, then wherever you go for the rest of your life, it stays with you, for Paris is a moveable feast.'Hemingway wrote this to a friend in 1950, several years before working on this text.  Of course, the Moveable Feast that was Paris for Hemingway was not simply Paris, but a particular Paris - the Paris of Gertrude Stein and Alice B. Toklas, of Ford Madox Ford and Ezra Pound, of F. Scott Fitzgerald and Zelda.  Hemingway has a no-holds-barred sense of writing, both for those he liked and those he didn't.  His description of Zelda, for example, in both physical and personality aspects, is a rather scathing critique - F. Scott Fitzgerald and Hemingway were competitive friends, but Zelda Fitzgerald and Hemingway were rivals in many more ways.  Hemingway's recollections of his wife, Hadley, are equally intimate, often romantic while remaining realistic.The Paris that was the post-war-to-end-all-wars bastion of moderns and artistry is no longer present, yet still remains an iconic paradise of sorts given the work that was produced from this hot-house of talent, reaching half a century later into the work of Hemingway for one last, grand proclamation.This is an important book, to be read by those who appreciate Hemingway, American authors, international influences in literature, and culture.  Published after his death, this was perhaps Hemingway's way of having the final word in many then-unfinished conversations.
I'm a prolific baby book reader.  I have a hard time during the newborn stage (my babies were both very fussy and hard to settle) and so my reaction during the sleep deprived days is to read EVERY book I can get my hands on to try to find a magic bullet and way to get the baby on a routine.  This isn't a magic bullet, but I've read the whole gamut of philosophies and think this one was quite good.  Not everything is golden, but I do like that she gives you very specific instructions and that she really knows babies quite well.  Unfortunately this book isn't that easy to find in the US, and its not in the library locally or on the shelves at my book store.  So I was happy to get it from Amazon.  I do think these types of books work best if you start early, just as soon as the baby gets home from the hospital.
This book is about the explosion and expansion of computers in the digital age.  It explores technologies consequence's and implications. It also asks a lot of questions worth pondering.Much of this book is concerned with sharing information across networks and the Internet.It goes into several themes that are relevant to the average person's life and rights.  In particular, some of those themes include privacy, customization, government regulation, censorship, the limits of free speech, and others. A significant portion of this book is dedicated to evolving public policy as the law (through many court cases) tries to cope with these unprecedented technologies and challenges.For example, one State Congressman from Massachusetts (page 93) tried to pass a bill that would transition the state from Microsoft Office to an open standard word processor.  It would have significantly reduced costs ($45 mil) and made it more likely that the files could be opened fifty years from now.  However, Microsoft's lobbyist came in and protested on behalf of people with disabilities  because such open software did not have extra features (like reading text aloud?).  The bill was soon dropped.In other example, the authors detail the trends of music piracy and the RIAA's response.  It started litigating hundreds of offenders with the minimum fee of $750 per offense.One of two of these chapters is more technical and scientific.  This wasn't of my interest, but some may enjoy it.It should be noted that there are companion lectures by one of the book's authors. It supplements and compliments the book.  It is available for free online.  You just have to search for "Harvard Open Learning Initiative" to by the lectures by Harry Lewis.My review is from July of 2011, nearly three years after the book's publication.  Several of the web addresses posted in the book are outdated or no longer valid.  This can hardly be blamed on the book's authors given the pace of the technology.I'm giving the book a full five stars because it is well cited, well written, and "most" of it was interesting to me.  Here's hoping for an updated second edition.
This is a very timely look at the current subprime lending implosion.I believe this book would be a good introduction and one work to consider reading if you are interested in understanding the economic crisis we are in.It provides a good background for people unfamiliar with the basics of what has been occurring in the real estate market and credit markets.  Essentially this book provides a tour of the crisis going back several years.One explanation of the current crisis is the decoupling of loan origination decision making from the ultimate holder of the loan.  Financial Shock makes the case that lenders were essentially lending without a careful analysis of repayment risk.  They simply did not care.  They did not care, because the mortgages were simply originated by them and resold into the credit markets.  So the more loans they originated, the more profits they made - even if the lendee was a bad credit risk and thus led to eventual non-repayment (known as non-performing loans).  These lenders did not hold the loans.  They sold them.  It was not just normal banks and thrifts that were in the mortgage lending business.  Others such as private mortgage lenders, real estate investment trusts, and eventually even newly formed subsidiaries of large investment banks got into the action.The book also details how former Chairman of the Federal Reserve Alan Greenspan believed the housing markets were dissimilar to most other asset markets in that they were less subject to bubbles and "irrational exuberance." If the author's case is correct (which he cites Greenspan's speeches), after the Internet bubble burst, global central bankers were concerned more with disinflation than inflation and the US Federal Reserve stimulating the housing market by lower interest rates.  Both the US and many global central banks lowered interest rates to unprecedented levels. Asset markets were then awash with cash and liquidity and much of this global liquidity found its way into US securities backed by mortgages.This is just part of the story.  The book also provides a good introduction to some basic aspects of global capital flows based on trade flows (and thus trade deficits); and for people who haven't studied much economics, I believe this book will be good in providing some basic economics and some basic understanding of securitization and the shifting of risks that the securitization of mortgages resulted in.Sometimes when risks are shifted, the economic actor that is best to evaluate such risks and mitigate them or minimize them - such as a local lender - abdicates responsibility, because they have no need to properly evaluate the risk.  Thus, this dislocation can cause and apparently has caused a serious economic and financial problem that we are no dealing with.When the housing market's bubble burst, liquidity drained out of the credit markets.  Most structured credit products based on collateralized debt obligations and other securities based on mortgages cannot be priced now. Many mortgages are no longer truly secured by the underlying collateral as housing prices declined and buyers have evaporated out of the market - i.e., properties cannot be sold.  Many people have walked away from their mortgages.These are some of the issues that this book deals with and it does provide a good introduction to some of the basic concepts in the current crisis.  If you are interested in learning more about the current crisis and a obtaining a good background in order to understand some of the issues in the current crisis (as well as a little about past crises) or future crises - although all such crises are different from each other, certain aspects do recur - I highly recommend this book as a good starting point in gaining an understanding.
Those interested in the history of Native Americans will know that relatively few books cover the travails and challenges faced by Indians in the present day. This classic by Matthiessen is one of the best investigations in recent memory of how Indians still face a variety of hardships and harassment caused both by modern social problems and the legacy of their cultural annihilation. Matthiessen's topic here is the brief notoriety of the American Indian Movement (AIM) in the early-to-mid 1970s, culminating in the much-discussed case against Leonard Peltier for the murder of two government agents.Here Matthiessen covers not just the story of Peltier and AIM, but also the historical influences that culminated in the bloody 1975 confrontation in South Dakota's Pine Ridge Reservation. Matthiessen did an immense amount of research and delivered a highly compelling account of Peltier and the shootout, revealing that the situation was far more complex than is commonly believed (or reported in the mainstream press). The reader will find that Matthiessen does not necessarily find solid proof of Peltier's innocence. However, there is overwhelming evidence that Peltier definitely did not receive a fair trial, and a litany of Constitutional violations was committed by the illegitimate tribal government and its goons (the main source of animosity with AIM), federal agents, state and federal politicians, judges and lawyers, and prison officials.The complex relationships among these parties, the unhappy history of the Pine Ridge Indians, and modern social problems were all at play in a situation far more complex than a simple shootout between an Indian militant and some agents. Government watchdogs will also be sickeningly familiar with the propaganda and misinformation exercised by the feds as Peltier was railroaded into prison, especially in view of the government's weak case against him. At the very least, Peltier's sentence was excessive and several government employees got off the hook for the horrors of that fateful day in 1975. And in the end, this powerful book proves that the railroading of Indians who resist the advance of American hegemony did not come to an end back in the 1800s. [~doomsdayer520~]
This book really caught me by suprise. I expected and got tales of corruption, drug smuggling and dodging the law authorities. But, what I didn't expect is to find a guy, highly educated and someone that you could easily invite to dinner and enjoy his company. Mr. Nice is the tale of Welshman 'Howard Marks' and his involvemnt in the smuggling of 'cannabis' and 'hashish' globally. His stories are humourous and his exploits sometimes naive. The writing is very good and the book moves along at a pace. There are some heart-breaking personal consequences to enjoying this type of life and he has suffered to this extent also. He is a likeable rogue,is not violent and did not get involved with hard drugs but what he did was illegal and did hurt those around him. All said and done, I thoroughly enjoyed this book and does give you an insight both into the man and the drug-trafficing trade of the 1970's.
Love it. this is what she wanted for Xmas so I am looking forward to giving it to her among other things.
This book surprised me in its authenticity.  Just the right balance of enthusiastic stories and educational material.  Covers the basics but also explains things using examples of past deals.  I've been involved in real estate for a while and most of what's written rings true.  Definitely a nice primer for someone considering becoming a real estate entrepreneur.
Woah.I couldn't put this book down. It was like a nightmare: a tangible nightmare you could actually envision happening, but so utterly twisted, so bizarre, that at the same time you couldn't; you didn't want to. I kept picking the book up, wanting to know more... what could possibly happen next, in this perverted, corrupt and surreal future society?The protagonist was wonderful. Oh, how my heart went out to her! To think of everything she went through; I had to keep reminding myself it is just a book.I wasn't particularly thrilled about the ending, but I understand why the author chose it. It's a matter of taste. I like things with more finite and proper endings, even though in such cases there is always implied 'life' after the book for the characters. I just don't like that 'left hanging' feeling from books when they don't wrap things up with a nice little bow. But the last section, "Historical Notes on The Handmaid's Tale," helped alleviate a good deal of that feeling.Amazing read. Highly recommend. I think it would make a great book club selection as well; it's filled with good stuff for discussion over.
Hard to believe this book is out 30 years now.  I read it once 20 years go and enjoyed it so much that I've read most of Bach's subsequent works.Reading it again today, it's stood the test of time, it's an ageless classic in my book.  Bach has a bit of an edge to his writing, there is a little bit of negativity that is a flaw from a purely spiritual perspective, but it gives his stories an interesting intesity.This book is a quick and easy read, it can be finished in a sitting or two.  The story is entertaining and the insights will challenge your perspectives.Entertainment: 5 starsEnlightenment: 5 stars
I bought this for a marketing class I am taking during the summer. The 10th edition is WAY cheaper than buying the new edition and has the same information. This book is a really easy read and the price was amazing! I really enjoy the class and am happy to have saved hundreds of dollars on the supplementary material. I would recommend buying school books at the lowest price possible!
The books requires full focus on the story.  You won't be let down for your efforts!  A fully told story about ways of love and the distortion of reality that comes with a burning passion of the heart.  It is a really great read and it surely deserves its place in the world of classic books!
Robertson Davies' Deptford Trilogy is a strange, slightly magical trio of fictional biographies, all of which originate in the small Canadian town of Deptford. And it all starts with "Fifth Business," Davies' exploration of the life of Dunstan  Ramsey and his friendship with a callous billionaire and a magician-- magical, intellectual, and written in a pleasantly old-timey style.As a boy, Dunstan dodged a snowball thrown by rich brat Percy Boyd Staunton... but it then hit the minister's pregnant wife, Mary Dempster. She went into premature labor from the shock, and produced a tiny baby named Paul. What's more, she apparently lost her mind (which resulted in a massive sexual scandal).Dunstan grew up with mingled guilt and fascination with Mary, since she seemed to have a purity and sweetness that didn't mesh with her depraved reputation. As the years went by, Dunstan left Deptford behind to become a soldier in World War I, was badly injured, had his first passionate affair, went to college and became a teacher at an elite boys' school. And because of his fascination with Mary, he became interested in the Catholic pantheon of saints.He also remained friends with Percy, who had renamed himself "Boy" Staunton, married his childhood sweetheart and become a wealthy, influential man. But Dunstan discovers that Boy is also a selfish, cruel man who wrecks his poor dumb wife's life, spoiled his daughter and alienated his son -- and since this is a book, it inevitably leads to tragedy.Like many of Robertson Davies' books, "Fifth Business" is a sort of fictional biography with lots of sprawling, interconnected plot threads that feed back into each other. And aside from what is actually going on, Davies weaves in some more intellectual content, focusing on saints, God and what makes a person truly good -- what they do, or who they are.He wrote in a stately, almost 19th-century style ("She knew she was in disgrace with the world, but did not feel disgraced; she knew she was jeered at, but felt no humiliation. She lived by a light that arose from within"), but laced it with magical realism and some clever satire (Boy's pretentious friends "were so humourless and, except when they were drunk, so cross that I thought the ordinary fellow was lucky not to be like them").The only flaw of it is perhaps that it deals primarily with the life of Dunstan Ramsey, who isn't nearly as interesting as the luminous sinner-saint Mary Dempsey, or her runaway child Paul. Dunstan comes across as cold, introverted and rather pathetic (especially since he keeps letting Boy shove him around), especially since he never quite realizes that he is "watching life from the sidelines and knowing where all the players go wrong."The supporting characters are fascinating -- Mary is a hauntingly lovely depiction of a woman who knows nothing about what the world cares about, and is slowly ruined by her innocence. On the other hand, Boyd is a man with no inner depth or goodness because he cares only about the world. And there are many others: Magnus Eisengrim, the kindly Diana, and the ugly but wise Liesl ("With such a gargoyle! And yet never have I known such deep delight or such an aftermath of healing tenderness!")."Fifth Business" is the jumping point from the Deptford Trilogy -- the protagonist isn't nearly as intriguing as the supporting cast, but they're enough to fascinate and horrify.
Remarque's account is justifiably considered a classic in the literature emerging from war. This novel, based at least in part on Remarque's own experience, recounts the experience of Paul B&auml;umer, a young German soldier fresh out of school, during the First World War.  It is worth reading, perhaps especially during this year that commemorates the 100th anniversary of the start of the First World War.The author clearly despaired of the reasons for, and the conduct of, the war that defined a generation, but while the tone of the book is anti-heroic, it adopts this tone without diminishing the sacrifice and the sense of duty of most of the soldiers who fought and died.  Several emotions and themes recur throughout the book: fear, danger, disillusionment, chance, the ambiguity of home leave, and the fact that the war never leaves you.  There is a discussion among B&auml;umer and his pals about the reasons for war that may give a pretty good sense of the common soldier's view (i.e., "there must be some people who find the war worthwhile").  Remarque is particularly sensitive in describing the impact of war on younger soldiers.  For the older soldiers, there are still "firm ties to their earlier lives" (families, jobs, property, etc.), but for the younger ones, none of these attachments are yet strong enough to survive the cataclysm of war.  Yes, they had interests and hobbies, but nothing so strong that it kept them connected with the world they came from.  Now, youth and its memories are gone.  What has taken their place?  Only war.Remarque/B&auml;umer is positive in his assessment of one thing: the "strong and simple way" in which comrades-in-arms are bound to one another.  As he puts it, "we developed a firm, practical feeling of solidarity, which grew, on the battlefield, into the best thing that the war produced--comradeship in arms."  In his Afterword, translator Murdoch downplays this, arguing that the comradeship is "deceptive," and "no more than an artificial solidarity in the face of adversity."  I'm not sure I agree with him.  The comradeship seems real enough, and seems validated time and time again by what one hears from other soldiers about other conflicts.  In this book as in other accounts of war, soldiers survive, soldiers adapt, and soldiers depend on each other to get them through, both physically and emotionally.In this anniversary year, it is worth remembering that the author of one of the greatest testimonies about life on the front in the First World War had his German citizenship stripped not long before the beginning of the next World War by the Nazi regime, which also banned his works and in 1943 executed his sister, at least partly because Remarque, now living in the US, was safe from their clutches.  The war that Remarque recounts was different in many ways--the trenches, the poison gas--from the wars that came after, but it's not hard to imagine that at least in some fundamental ways, particularly in the emotions experienced by the individual soldier, things probably haven't changed much.  It doesn't matter, in that sense, which perspective this book is written from.  It happens to be from the perspective of one German soldier, but would the fundamental emotions at the front be so different if the soldier had been French, or American?  I'm not sure the fear of death, the terror and chaos of battle, or the comforts of companionship are unique to any one war or any one nationality.NOTE:  This is a review of the 1994 translation by Brian Murdoch, not the 1929 A. W. Wheen translation listed here.
GREAT HILARIOUS FUN BOOK THIS IS WHY I THINK HES THE BEST AT WRITTING HUMOR NOVEL AND SHORT STORIES  I WILL KEEP BUYING HIS BOOK HOPEFULLY WILL KEEP WRITING THEM. GREAT FUN TO READ
Suggest you go ahead and buy this one as you will want to reread it, as you will the first two of this story.  The writing is great and as with the first two books, quite refreshing.  Sams consistant character developement and syntax are a wonder.  There was very little I did not ejoy in this book and the first two of the series.  Thank you again Mr. Sams.
Very absorbing  book...Have lately read a lot of books by Nordic authors that have suddenly become available and that have been well plotted and written.......some by authors of international renown that have never  been aware of before ---for instance Jo Nesbo, with his wonderful alcoholic and depressed detective Harry Hole, and this one, Arnaldur Indridason, with his Inspector Erlendur  Sveinsson series  Complicated  and well written plotting..  great reading  !!!
This book is more timely today than ever. It is an absolute must read. I had never read it before and the parallels to today's world, with women's rights slowly being eroded is indeed frightening. Just look at how some companies are being allowed to choose a woman's birth control options. I highly recommend this book, I think it will go down as my all time favorite read.
These are great little books to send the little ones in your life. They make great little &#34;just because' gifts. I click and it is on their door step ready for them to enjoy. You cannot beat Amazon
This is a tough book.  It was at times so personal and so beautifully touching.  But at others times I felt like I needed to come up for air.
This is a vast book, nearly 1100 pages, and it's almost like several volumes in one.  The first 13 or so chapters are mostly mathematical, the rest more strictly speaking about physics, and a few chapters at the beginning and end are rather philosophical.  I was quite impressed throughout at how -sane- Pensrose is.  He lives in the real world, and he wants to understand the real world.  Indeed, he says late in the book that there -is- a world out there and a goal of physics is to understand it.  It is this profound sense of realism, that nature speaks and we still are learning how to listen, that keeps Penrose grounded in trying to understand the world we really live in.  He is not opposed to theories that mathematically involve more dimensions than the 3+1 of space and time that we experience, yet at the end of the day, a good, complete theory will need to explain why 3+1 dimensions are what we actually experience.  Because he is rightly skeptical of extravagant claims (which unfortunately seem to capture too much press, in my opinion), the book is refreshingly free of sensationalism and a pleasure to read.  He writes well, incidentally.  This was a pleasant surprise for me, because many scientists, especially high-level experts, seem to have trouble writing in a way that is lucid and engaging without, however, sounding condescending.  Penrose writes with a friendly enthusiasm he wants to make the reader share in, and does.Some reviewers have been unhappy about the necessary background to read this book.  It seems to me that he does -not- say a knowledge of fractions will suffice, contrary to what some reviewers seem to suggest.  On the other hand, I do think it's advisable to have calculus at least through Calc II and at least some of the basic notions from linear algebra (e.g., vector space, basis, linear transformation.)  Other than that, I think this book should be readily accessible to math and physics majors in college, and I would certainly recommend this book to them.  Some of the later chapters were still difficult for me, but I would say, keep reading, and reread if you can.  To grow intellectually you have to have humility and persistence.  "There is no royal road to geometry," as the saying goes; I think that one of the ancient Greek kings wanted a quick-and-easy-way to learn geometry, and this was the correct answer he received.Finally, I respect Penrose and all those responsible for making this book so affordable.  They could have set the price much higher for a book of these dimensions and an author of this note.  This kind of self-restraint is admirable and all too rare.
The most salient feature of this book is the pace with which it pushes tough concepts through. You'll be amazed at the pace with which you've grasped the basics of MFC.Obviously, this book demands proficiency in C++. But when you complete this book, you'll be most satisfied with your proficieny in MFC.The examples in the book are too good and very representative.I recommend Prosise in addition to this text.
I have used this text for reference and to check on Spanish examples or rules. It is not a book for beginners. It really is best used in a classroom setting. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because it does not have any tapes or CDs.It gets 5 stars for the number of exercises, but 4 stars for dicussion and explanations on how or why you should do something.The &quot;Practice Makes Perfect&quot; series is better over all.
Highly recommend for teens. Very inspirational for young kids who are striving for excellence in sports or a certain subject in school.
Wonderful story of Gerald Durrell's travels to the wild parts of Argentina.  The first half of the book describes his visit to southern Patagonia, to search of fur seals, elephant seals and penguins for filming.  He is a skilled storyteller, his rich descriptions of the places, people and animals he encounters are full of detail and easy to picture in the mind's eye.  The second half of the book narrates his quest to purchase live animals from local markets to bring back to his zoo in England.  Lots of funny stories, and moving accounts too of his struggles to keep some of his weaker animals alive.  Will definitely look for other titles by Durrell.
We had this book for a networking class back in grad school (1997). S lot  of people have said a lot of nice things about this book and I'll join the  list as well.This book taught me TCP/IP and its in outs. Admittedly,  the book is not as detailed as Stevens' but for anyone starting in the  field of networking this book should be a must read.It comes as a handy  reference as well while performing day to day job functions. This book is  the theory behind cisco and juniper routers. You might find that it does  not cover all the subtelties of routing protocols but whatever is in there  is good enough for starters.This book will give you a solid foundation  and background to read other books such as 'Routing in the internet',  'Anatomy...OSPF' and 'BGP4' etc.
At two months old, our son's sleeping and eating schedules were totally erratic.  My husband and I were playing baby roulette, constantly guessing at what he needed whenever he cried.  He was fussy when he was awake, and he would only nap in 15-30 minute intervals.  We were exhausted, and frankly, worried that we would never grow to love our baby.Enter "The Book."  Out of desperation, I jumped right to the schedules after lightly skimming the other chapters.  We implemented the 8-12 week old schedule that night with a fierce devotion.  Within 3 days, our son was taking 3 solid naps a day and sleeping for 4 hour blocks at night.  He was also much more content during his waking periods.  We were ecstatic.  A week into the schedule, however, we started to run into problems.  Some days, he would be screaming for a bottle an hour before he was due to have one, and we felt horrible "holding out" until the allotted feeding time.  Other days, he would wake in the middle of a nap and be unable to go back to sleep.  The schedule didn't say what to do in those situations.  OR SO I THOUGHT.Frustrated and convinced that the schedule wasn't working, I decided to go back through the book in its entirety, to see if there was anything I had missed.  And indeed, there were a number of things in the chapters that weren't in the schedules.  I ended up typing out my own schedule with various notes incorporating the tips from the other chapters.  With these refinements, we were able to get our baby completely on track, and we had the confidence to deal with "off days" without worrying that we were losing the schedule completely.Today, at three months old, our son takes three naps every day, and he goes to bed at 6:45 each night, waking only once for a feeding at 3am.  (To be fair, we wake him at 10pm before we go to bed for one last feeding.)  He takes 5 bottles every day at regular times, and he's generally happy and calm when he's awake.  Is he a perfect baby?  No, not by any means.  But my husband and I are now confident that we know what he needs when he needs it, which has made the baby feel more relaxed and happy.  Plus, the regular schedule means we all know what to expect each day, and we can plan our activities accordingly.So, if this system works so well, why only four stars?  Because most exhausted parents are going to do exactly what I did, which is flip to the schedules first, without really reading the entire book.  I know it says to read the whole thing, but when you're desperate and sleep deprived, you just don't have time.  The author could have easily done what I did, which was create a more nuanced schedule that incorporates the tips from the various chapters.  I'm not sure why she strung out all the important tips throughout the book, but that's how she did it, so you have to read the whole book.  Otherwise, you'll still just be guessing some of the time, and you'll lose the confidence that's necessary to make the schedule work.One last note about the tone of the book.  Several reviewers on Amazon have commented on how severe the author is, and how often she uses words like "must" and "cannot" when imploring parents to follow the book to the letter.  While we generally follow the timing of the schedule, we don't completely follow her method in every way, because we've learned that some things just don't work for our baby.  For instance, our baby has reflux, so he sleeps in an inclined rocker, not in a crib.  We also put him to sleep tightly swaddled, though the book says he should only be loosely swaddled at this age.  Lastly, we allow him to fall asleep for his final nap with a pacifier, which is a HUGE "no no" in her book.  We've learned that this is the only way to ensure he takes that last nap, which he still really needs.  So, take her exhortations with a grain of salt.  There are some things that just won't work for your baby.  The sleeping and eating schedules, however, will make a HUGE difference for most families, especially if they are stuck in baby roulette mode, like we were.Best of luck to all the new parents out there!
I thought this book was both a good biography and a good look at the &quot;open source movement&quot;. How can you not like the story of Linus Torvalds who is not trying to do anything great or get rich or achieve fame. He just wanted some better software. His curiousity about low level programming and desire to build something better led him to create Linux. His desire to have others help him build better software led him to give it away free. But he is no rigid idealist either. He enjoys the money that he will make later and buys a nice house and toys (e.g., BMW Z3). His guiding principle is just to have fun. How can you not like the guy?Also the book gives a good look at the &quot;open source movement&quot;. It provides some insight into how and why &quot;hackers&quot; are motivated to work on projects that don't directly lead to paychecks. The book does this without being fanatical about open source.
Dahlvig describes history and "inner workings" of IKEA to make a more general point about responsible capitalism. There is a clear tension between a capitalism driven solely by profit maximization (where profit is the ultimate goal) and a capitalism driven by social ambitions (where profit is a necessary means). Dahlvig believes that companies can be successful while advancing the social good, and offers IKEA as a living proof. The success does not come in spite of it's social ambitions, but because of them. They give the solid long-term reference that makes that company connect successfully with the whole range of stakeholders (employers, customers, local governments, ...).The picture painted is fairly rosy, and I have done no work to verify the claims made. The book is easy to read and non technical, but still offers some interesting insights about how a successful global retailer is run.(note: I bought this book because I heard Dahlvig's talk at the London School of Economis - LSE - and found it inspiring. Look it up on the web. He's more convincing and passionate "live" than on paper)
I am a recent graduate of a 2-year degree program concerning solar energy installation and both active and passive solar design. I can safely say this textbook was of great help in my studies and will have practical use in my career (I purposefully held off writing my review while using this textbook as a resource during my final year of the program).Though times are tough with many solar firms closing, it's books like this, which take a comprehensive look at renewables, that will give me an edge in this job market.I recommend this text for anyone interested in ANY aspect of renewable energy as there's something applicable for pretty much any field. And I also recommend this text for engineering students who want to learn on their own.A must have for greenies~!
To put into words what human beings go through in life's journey from birth is indeed a feat. This book took me through many emotions even if I did not grow up in another land.Love is still love...no matter what we go through with blood family or extended family, forgiving of self and others is paramount to continue to grow and not be demolished by our experiences. Whether love lost or love not fulfilled we can choose not to become hard and embittered..feeling old when we are still youthful.One could find flaws in just about any work of fiction...that is easy due to what we bring from our experiences when we choose to read a book. What gives me joy and I mean absolute joy is when the story knocks down what I thought I knew about life and human behavior and gives me wings to soar!This book reinforces my ability to love and be loved. To remain open to life's possibilities and forgive my father. If some fiction is just made up by an author, well I guess I will remain gullible and continue to take risks when I decide to read. Especially when it touches me. This book is truly a love story on many levels. Take a risk and enjoy the ride.
Particularly interesting if you had seen the Dome for yourself first. Obviously the author had done tremendous research in order to write so accurately and with such knowledge. Also gave one a glimpse into the social structure of those early times.
Having studied the work of Joseph Ratzinger (Benedict XVI) and read more than half-a-dozen works on him, I came to "God's Choice" with a significant cache of knowledge on the subject.  While Weigel's work and social commentary (perhaps best known through his syndicated column) remains a source of contention and, at times, controversy, I was rather pleased with this book.  I believe that the major fault of the work rests in the initial focus on John Paul II (which occupies more than 100 pages of the 268-page book).  Like David Gibson in his "The Rule of Benedict," Weigel apparently felt it necessary to remind the reader of all the great details of Benedict's predecessor - a task I find to be superfluous.  That said, it is a good book.I was delightfully surprised at times while reading this book to find that Weigel had occasionally rendered his advisories an appropriate level of respect.  Citing John Allen, Jr., (chief Vatican correspondent for National Catholic Reporter, often noted by being at ends ideologically with the views of Weigel) and others, Weigel significantly avoids polemical spin in a way that has garnered new respect from this reader.  However, it should also be noted that there remains a peppering of Weigel's clear and present agenda throughout the book.  While at times is appears fleeting or subtle, reader beware that his ecclesial and cultural politics surface here and there.  Perhaps one example would suffice.While addressing his opinion of a "progressive Catholic movement" and its possible Cardinal-elector representatives, he makes the unfounded and impertinent remark:  "That, in turn, may explain why the progressive project is infertile - increasingly unable to attract the brightest students in graduate schools of theology in the United States." (Weigel 136-137)  Without any substance, using vague terms, Weigel makes a sweeping statement regarding the state of graduate theological students - as it pleases him.All in all, this is a wonderfully written work.  Weigel is clearly intelligent, while politically transparent, and his writing style engages the reader.  I would recommend this book as a companion volume to the many other works dedicated to elucidating the life and work of Benedict XVI (see John Allen, Jr.'s "Pope Benedict XVI," H. J. Fischer's "Pope Benedict XVI: A Personal Portrait," and Joseph Cardinal Ratzinger's "Milestones.").
Jenny/Genevieve Warner is one of the most appealing heroines in contemporary women's fiction. Vine (Ruth Rendell) creates a dark, complex plot that unwinds almost too slowly, drawing the reader inward, to a conclusion too horrifying to want to believe. How does love die? Many ways,  but none more sad than the story of Stella and her boyhood sweetheart,  reunited at last and lost to each other forever. Strong stuff! Is  redemption at hand with what might happen with Jenny and Richard, Stella's  son?  Vine leaves it open, but surely some happiness has to come out of all  this misery! Masterfully written; a poignant psychological mystery. The  setting --- the brooding, watery fens of England's east coast, adds a  subtle layer of unease to the story and almost becomes another character  with which to reckon. Another writer who does this well -- combining  mystery, broody setting, and psychological drama  -- is the wonderful  Minette Walters.
The old mansion with hidden passageways, the bumbling constabulary, the pampered upper class, the small village life - this has all that.  I loved the vocabulary and found the characters most engaging.  Great mystery from the thirties.
Updated for current (03/2013) 16th version of Minitab. Clear, concise, and easy to read and understand. All levels from beginner to power-user will find this book a valuable reference.Even covers binary logistic regression, which the $95 Minitab Handbook also available on Amazon, does NOT.So, this is a super buy @ $14 !!!
Recommended by a friend, &#34;Travels with Charley&#34;, was a joy to read.  Not just a simple 'man & dog' book, but an enlightened tale of two travellers who come upon many new and never before seen parts of the U. S.  They find wonderful day-to-day challenges and realizations that many will never take the opportunity to look for - in their own backyard.Embarassingly my first Steinbeck, while looking forward to the next!
Should you buy this book?  Let's see if you should...Have you ever received $1,000 - $10,000 in a lump sum - maybe from an inheritance, a tax refund, or a job bonus?  If you have received such a lump sum, is it now all gone with nothing substantial to show for it?  If you answered yes, get the book.Is wealth creation and debt reduction something you are interested in?  If yes, get the book.Do you wish you were one of those people who could touch something and it turn into gold?  If yes, get the book.Would you like to have more life and less work?  If yes, get the book.If your financial future is uncertain, does taking control of it appeal to you?  If yes, get the book.Do you feel it would be nice to have both active and passive income?  If yes, get the book.Are you looking for something better than a shaky stock market to secure your future?  If yes, get the book.Would you prefer to have more money rather than less money in your senior years?  If yes, get the book.Amassing a million dollars and more is what happens when a person follows certain principles and concepts.  Wealthy people have always known and used these principles and concepts.  Fortunately, Loral has written them down for you in the book "The Millionaire Maker".Would you be interested in finding out what these principles are?  If yes, get the book.By the way, what you will find on page 62 is worth $1,000,000 all by itself...
I've worked in the financial industry for 25 years, but only recently have I joined a part of my firm where the big boys play. I learned a lot from this book about how the bond market was built, and it gave me great insight into the insanity that traders live. If you're interested in learning what is meant by CMO's and how securities & markets are created out of &#34;nothing&#34;...this book is a very entertaining way to learn. There's nothing dry or boring in here...it is the story of young Michael Lewis' foray into the high stakes world of bond trading.Being a woman and working in Compliance & Ethics, I found the first part of the story a bit hard to take. Goldman Sachs was like a frat house. Their &#34;antics&#34; frequently turned my stomach. But the things that disgusted me the most were the very things my male co-workers loved about this book.If you're a woman or one of the 99%, this book will confirm that you're an outsider & always will be. It may make you angry, but it will definitely entertain & enlighten.
This is very helpful. I hope that changing the way I eat will help my severe psoriatic arthritis. I will share the book.
Although I have to acknowledge the wonderful use of language that Joyce displays in this work of fiction, I found that I had a great deal of trouble getting into it.  This is a coming of age story and perhaps it would hold more relevance for a male than it did for me.  There is some dispute as to whether or not this is an autobiographical story or not.  What is is a "stream-of-consciousness narrative" and it is a style that Joyce is credited with developing in his body of work.  The book centres around young Stephen, and his changing viewpoints as he grows up.  We see how an innocent' idealistic youth changes his ideas as he matures and as life happens to him.  It leads him to question his Catholicism  and his idea of family values.  The language is what is really beautiful about this story!  I had a bit of difficulty getting into the story, but felt that it was an important enough work to persevere.
This book if very helpful in learning Spanish. I am using it as a supplement to the Rosetta Stone that I am using.
Hauling buckets of human excrement up a hillside would hardly qualify as part of an idyllic coming of age for a teenage boy. But caught in this unappealing fate, the two teenage Chinese boys who are the main characters in this novel, undergo a rapid growing up and discover new worlds during their banishment to a rural community in Maoist China. Sons of "bourgeois" parents, they are naturally horrified when they first discover the daily routine to which their "re-education" consigns them. Through their talent for storytelling, they come to entertain and gain favor of the the otherwise autocratic village headman whose whims determine the extent of their toil and drudgery of their daily existence. Soon, they entertain peasants in a nearby commnity.These storytelling sessions with local peasants leads to an encounter a Chinese teenage girl,"the little seamtress" whose father's frequent absences from home allows ample time for the boys to get to know her better. But the coming of age tale in this novel does not simply revolve around this relationship. It is also their perilous encounter with a trunkful of banned foreign novels - including those of Balzac - which open the minds of these two boys to a radically different universe in which passion and grace became a counterpoint to their dreary rural environs. While living with the risk of being caught with this subversive literature, which they stumble upon in the home of another banished youth, the boys learn to negotiate their access to these books, under the watchful and deeply suspicious eyes of the youth's mother who comes to visit her son in the village.This is a charming, warm and highly readable novel, which adds to a growing collection from newly emerging Chinese novelists on life during and after the Cultural Revolution in Maoist China.
Book was only 114 pages but the language used was expressive, explanatory but I needed to read the forward to understand what Mr. Bellows was trying to tell me with this book.  Never saw so many made-up words.
Fabulous book!  Very interesting and I recommend it to everyone. Great story and look into other cultures and struggles. Read this one!
A truly different perspective on the Vietnam war. Honest and humble at the same time. Leaves the reader with lots to think about.
I was given &quot;How to Talk Minnesotan&quot; by some wonderful friends as a 'welcome to Minnesota' gift back in 1995, and found it instantly hilarious. What was less obvious, though, was how accurate this book was in many ways, most particularly in rural Minnesota. Although I wasn't born in Minnesota, I now love it and consider myself an adopted Minnesotan, but after nine years I am still learning to master the subtle complexities of Minnesota interactions so perfectly defined in this book.Howard Mohr (&quot;Creator of Minnesota Language Systems&quot;), a brilliant writer for 'A Prairie Home Companion,' details all the basics of talking Minnesotan form the viewpoint of a visitor. After reading this book, you will: learn how to refuse food three times before accepting it; learn to reduce anxiety with the all-purpose reaction &quot;it could be worse&quot;; learn proper conduct at Bob's B-17 Park, the Particle Board Pageant, and the Deep Woods Tent Casino; and learn the proper way of accepting a gift from a Minnesotan (hint: never call it a gift).There are wonderful examples of all linguistic areas provided as well as guides to where to go in Minnesota, Minnesota dating etiquette, and an overview of Minnesotan cuisine, including detailed explanations of various hotdish concepts unseen outside Minnesota. This is a wonderful book, with more than a little humor and more than a little truth in it. I love Minnesota, and I love this book. It's a heckuva deal.
This is one of those &quot;chunky&quot; books you look at and think, &quot;when I have the time...&quot;  Fortunately for me, I found the time.  I review many new debut novels for a large newspaper and read a lot of rehashed ideas.  This book is fresh and I cared about it from page 1 to the very last.  I cared about the characters, I found the plot not just satisying, but intriguing and interesting.  At about page 400, I wished it was double in &quot;chunk&quot;, because I didn't want it to end.  The Today Show apparently brought the book to the forefront, now YOU keep it there.  The book and Ms. Niffenegger deserves time in the limelight.
Joseph Conrad (1857-1924) was of Polish noble heritage though he was born in the Ukraine. He spent many years in the British navy and was a naturalized English citizen. Conrad wrote brilliant English novels and short stories; often thought in French and dreamed in Russian! Conrad is one of the greatest novelists in all of world literature.Lord Jim was published to great success in 1900. The story concerns Jim the scion of an English country parsonwho has taken to the salt water world. Jim is a romantic who dreams of doing great deeds of adventure and heroism.The main narrator of the story is Captain Charles Marlow an old sea dog who first meets Jim when the later is earning a meagre living as a water clerk. Marlow relates the tragic story of Jim to a group of listeners. Jim is serving on an old wreck of a ship "The Patna" captained by a drunk. One surreal night of placidity is destroyed when the boat hits a submerged obstacle. On board are five crew members and 800 Muslim pilgrims from Malaya. In a moment of cowardice, Jim jumps overboard leaving the passengers to their fate. The Naval Board revokes Jim's license as well as that of the other four members of the crew. The events of the trial are told by a French sea captain who converses with Marlowe. Ironically the Patna and her passengers survive the night being brought to port in safety.Marlowe seeks to help the complex Jim find a job despite his disgrace. The young man leaves one job after another as he travels from one remote and filthy seaport after another in Asis and the Dutch East Indies. Marlowe is most successful placing Jim in a job when Stein the respected owner of a trading post on the remote island of Patusan gives Jim a chance for employment. Stein is a brilliant collector of rare butterflies and an intellectual man of means.When Jim arrives on Patusan he is protected from harm by the use he makes of a ring given him by Stein. Doramin the old island chieftan is a friend of Stein; gradually Jim is accepted into Patusan society winning the love ofJewel the daughter of the evil old trader named Cornelius. Jim also becomes the best friend of Dormain's sonDain Warus. The natives admire Jim and dub him "Tuan" or "Lord" Jim. He becomes the white leader of the native community. Jim leads the natives in their conquering of a hated rajah; prosperity is returned to the island paradise Jim calls home. He has respect, a good woman's love and the admiration of his fellows. Jim has no desire to return to white society.Big trouble intrudes into paradise with the appearance of the odious pirate Gentleman Brown. Years later a moribund Brown will tell Marlowe the story of Jim's final days. Jim allows Brown to escape and Dain Warus is slain by the pirates. Old Cornelius proves to be a Judas collaborating with Brown in plotting mayhem and murder in the island community. Jim knows he has for the second time in his short life let down his friends! Jim bares his breast to old Doramin who shots and kills the young Englishman. This tragic death was Jim's form of repentance for his misdeeds. Lord Jim may be viewed as a symbol of the Lord Jesus Christ who dies so that others might live.Conrad takes the late Victorian adventure tale and turns it on its head! He uses multiple narrators to tell the story though the chief narrator is Marlowe (who stands in for Conrad). The novel is rich in metaphor (particularly using insect and bird imagery in referring to characters) and the pitiless apathy of nature to the fate of humanity. The godless Conradian cosmos reminds this reader of similar beliefs posited by Thomas Hardy in his many novels. Many of the passages deal with Conrad's thoughts on such topics as: honor; the human community linked in this story by the fellowship of seamen and their craft; death, love and man's place in the scheme of things.Conrad greatly influenced twentieth century ways of telling a story through innovative storytelling methods. Conrad is not an easy writer to read but he was a poet of the pen in exploring the depths of the heart of darkness pumping in the breasts of human beings. Conrad is best enjoyed by mature readers. If you have not read him since your high school English teacher forced you to do so pick up this excellent new edition by Penguin and explore Jim who is one of us!
i thought it was a cute story, i read it in two days- a very quick read.. i would recomend it.
I loved this book but it took way too long to read. I DO think that the book could have been pared down a bit. There were times when I picked the book up and thought, "Ugh, got to read another 50 pages. The last 3rd of the book was very embracing, but it did make me cry.A good book for those long Winter's nights.
This is a beautiful memoir of Mary Morris' travels into Central America and personal growth around the 1970's. A woman in her early 30's, she has a successful writing career and traveled extensively.  Her journey into Central America is a trip embarked with a heavy heart and personal doubts.  Her past needs reckoning and her search for personal equanimity is at last confronted when she moves to San Miguel, Mexico.  Unknowingly, she rents an apartment in the poorest part of town instead of the more affluent area where many of the &quot;wealthier foreigners&quot; live.  This error in judgement serves to be her silver lining.  Skillfully brought to life are the neighbors that become her loving friends and substitute family. As she opens herself to their lives and stories, she feels compelled to face her inner demons.For many, the prosect of reading  another traveling diary may be stultifying. This is not one of those, but an original attempt to make the relationship of a woman's personal journey inside herself and her global journeys she bravely explores on her own.In her past, Mary has been physically and emotional abused by some of the men in her life.  I thing it is extremely important to note that in those years, many of the social/counseling/activist support groups were non-existant, or at the least, in their infancy.  For Mary, her travels, and those that she met in the wake of her trips, served as her counselors and support groups.There were a wide assortment of characters that she met in her travels, and her gift is to be able to write about what each of them meant to her. Many of them are truly unforgettable and the times she writes about capture the humor, strength and sorrow of their lives.  San Miguel serves as her &quot;base camp&quot; and she plans many visits to  the heart of Central America. Knowlingly, she ventures into some of the most unstable countries in the area (San Salvador, Honduras, Bolivia) and trusts her inner instincts to be her compass.  Constantly challenging herself in these tension filled areas, subjecting herself to extreme discomfort, poor traveling conditions and appalling lodging, she nevertheless is able to note the beauty of the world, but not so idealistic that she can't complain and feel total despair.  Life is NOT perfect on the road, and I respect that she does not front herself off to be in a constant state of traveler's ecstasy.
It is a good book. I will enjoy it very much. It is in very good condition. Looking forward to learning the language.
Sometimes when I pick up a &#34;Classic&#34; I think it will be boring and unchallenging to the status quo. Not so! This book is very cool. It is about the dust bowl and depresison causeing a mass migration to California. The chapters mostly alternate between giving a big theoretical picture of the causes and then giving the particular demonstration of what is happening using one family. At the time of its publishing it was comdemed for its language and some adult themes which still seem shocking. The author tries to avoid sounding like a communist but that is deffinately the way he is leaning. One of the more radical parts of the book is its insistence that the family unit is dead. Because farms have become huge and the family farms can't compete the new unit needs to be the union not the family. - sounds fairly Marxist to me. The movie of the book follows it super close for the first half but then bails on the books realism, pessimism and theory n the second half. Of course the movie totally deletes the last shocking scene in the book of the mom who has just had a stillbirth nursing an adult male stranger who is starving to death. This is once again Stienbeck saying the family unit is lost we have to do something different. All through the book the mom has been the chief advocate for the family but she totally fails and her family falls apart. In the end she is the one who asks her daughter to nurse the stranger.
Stalin gets off easy in the annals of history for his butchery, probably because he fought with the U.S. against Hitler. But this book will make people think a little differently. Stalin was a man who killed nearly 100 million of his own people, ostensibly in the name of security, but the real reason lies in paranoia and power-hunger. This is a tragic story by a man who experienced the same thing. Solzhenitsyn spent time in a Soviet labor camp because he made a derogatory comment about Stalin. But Ivan Denisovich Shukhov's crime is even less. He is captured by Germans in World War II but escapes to Russian lines. Instead of being decorated, he is caught in one of Stalin's witch hunts and is labeled a German spy. He confesses to a crime he did not commit, and is given 10 years hard labor. One Day chronicles his life in the camp. It is a story you will not soon forget. This short volume tells of the back-breaking work, the cruel injustices, and ultimately denounces Stalin. If the book had been published ten years earlier Solzhenitsyn would most likely have been killed. But Krushchev allowed it to be published. Along with Doctor Zhivago it stands as one of the greatest pieces of Soviet Literature ever written, still as powerful today as it was when published in 1962.
The book is wonderful as one can tell from other reviews, media and the like. I  just wanted to make sure to get my 5 stars in.  Enjoy this one!
Point of Impact is a classic government conspiracy thriller. It has all of the standard elements without once feeling overly predictable and cliche. I read it specifically because I loved the Mark Walberg movie &#34;Shooter&#34; which was based on this novel. The book, of course, offers the complexities and details that Hollywood has to sacrifice for the sake of time.Point of Impact has a lot to offer to wide variety of readers. If there is anything in the book description that piqued your interest, I guarantee you'll enjoy this book! This is the first in the Bob Lee Swagger series; I look forward to reading all of them.
I like all of James Patterson books, I have several of them on my wish list and intend to buy them.
This book took me a while to read as I was never really drawn in or enticed to keep reading it.  Nonetheless I read on, enjoying the fine writing, and still certain that a climactic end was in store. Well it never really came, yet something more rewarding occurred that caught me by suprise.  Upon finishing the book, I sat,closed my eyes, and relished in the thoughts this book provoked in me.  Thoughts about life, its meaning, its purpose, how to approach it, thoughts of family, of friendships, of births and deaths, of work, of retirement, of illness, and of my own death.  I was quite saddened by the book.  The family and friends of Daisy knew so little about her really.  She became, to them (and to me), this old lady who repeated herself, and led a self-denied life of wife and mother. How sad and I will never let that happen to me is what I thought. However, Daisy,herself, it seemed, never really thought much about what she might of missed, or what more life could have given her.  She reminded me so much of my own grandmothers, who never really thought too much about what they didn't have.  They didn't ponder on life's mysteries or their discontentments.  They merely lived, not worrying about such trivialities, but rather took one thing at a time and took life at its face value.  I believe that many younger generations today, as Daisy's family did, see this as a weakness, a meaningless life that never attained self-actualization.  I'm not so sure about this.  Who was really unhappier? Daisy or her children? Who seemed more content?  Daisy or her ever divorcing, job-changing, scattered children? Very thought provoking.  Read it and learn something about yourself,about life.
The book has great perspectives on generalizing why some people act the way they do, and gives some tips on how to deal with nasty people in general.  The summarizations are great, and it's not too hard to read for most people.  On top of that, there is even a children's version of this particular book, which I have not seen, but which probably gets the message across with the help of pictures too I think.However, here and there, I felt the book dragged on a bit despite its brevity.  It overemphasized the idea of how everyone could be an invalidator.  It's hard to make the decision if and when it is ever good to be an invalidator yourself, but certainly not 100% of the time.  If that was the case, you probably would not even consider reading a book like this.The cause-effect solutions it offered will not work so well like they may have before as many of the suggestions require minute physical contact which may be subject to liability in just about any context.  This is worse than losing your job in that it could ruin your life if you're not careful, so that is a big factor that makes the book lose its full edge for me.  I would still highly recommend this book for anyone that has a job where they must deal with a lot of people, especially people on different levels such as adult vs. children (by age), by general thought processes (gifted vs. people gifted in other things to an extreme) or cultural differences to a lesser extent.
This is a charming and memorable read. It is also a paen to the disappearing art of letterwriting. The book is a selection of correspondence between Helene Hanff in New York and Frank Doel, a bookseller in London. The correspondence spans 20 years from Helene's first request for books in 1949 to Frank's death in 1969. The correspondence rapidly changes from the formal to that between kindred souls who love books and ultimately extends to Frank's coworkers and family. Unfortunately Helene never made it to London to visit the bookstore until after Frank's death. When I first visited Charing Cross Road, which was lined with bookstores, I thought I was in booklovers'heaven.
I purchased this book along with others in the series, to help with my quest to relearn the language.  I love how the author makes it very easy to follow along, and I love how she uses humor, and pop culture to help in the learning process.  The chapters are not very long, and it is very easy to answer the questions at the end of each.  There is also an answer key in the back of the book, to help you see how you did.  Overall, this book has been very useful, and I can't wait to continue on in the series.  Definitely worth buying, if you are looking for a great way to begin learning Spanish.
This is my second copy of this book.  Redfield has created another winner.  It's not so much about the culmination of the journey, but the journey itself.  Chapter three was illuminating with discussing diet as an important part of the path to enlightenment, yet other books on spiritual matters don't seem to approach this concept.
Not Crichton's best, but still excellent. Crichton tells a story of a park that features genticaly engineered dinosaurs.  The experts are called in for a preview, and so are the owner's grandkids. But soon, all hay breaks loose, and the guests must fight to survive on this island paradise.  The story is good, but not every thing adds up. Overall, this is a good book.
Actually I just received the book a short time ago, but I've already found a number of really great tips and suggestions to help improve my game already!
This book has already helped me become a better speaker of Spanish.  It is packed full of phrases useful for getting acquainted, expressing opinions, describing people and events, making requests, expressing doubts, talking about future and past events, etc. The author also helps distinguish the use of similar words or expressions.  For example, "soportar," we are told, means "to tolerate, not support."  "Mantener" means "to provide a living for"; "apoyar" means "to provide moral or physical support" whereas "sostener" means "to give physical support or maintain a position on something."  I would love to see a sequel!
The Little Seamstress' parting words to her boy friends in their remote Phoenix mountain hill town  before she "took off like a bird" for the city were  that: "she had learnt one thing from Balzac: that a woman's beauty is a treasure beyond price."This easy to read, consistently engrossing, novel leaves the reader feeling good and reminded once again of  the heady benefits that flow from reading the great books. This knowledge is second nature to us.  But it was anything but for the beautiful and curious Chinese teenager whose eyes were opened wide when her boy friends read to her from their contraband edition of Balzac's "Ursule Mirouet" and other classics.Apart from Mao's Little Red Book and the Party approved school text books, no books were allowed in the remote village at the top of Phoenix Mountain where the two "intellectual" teenage boys, Luo and the narrator, had been sentenced  for "re-education".  The boys and the seamstress braved great danger to discover and steal a cache of classic titles including "Pere Goriot," "Cousin Pons", "Colonel Chabert," "Eugenie Grandet", "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" and "Madame Bovary". Reading from this feast, they enchanted the seamstress who falls in love with Luo, the more worldly of the two boys.But, beware. What you wish for may have unintended consequences. Their re-education unfinished, the boys can not leave with their beautiful friend - the great books are all they have left.End note. First published in France in 2000, "The Little Chinese Seamstress" became an immediate best seller and won many prizes. Translated from the French by Ina Rilke and published here in 2001, it was picked by the New York Times as one of the best books of the year.
It must be borne in mind that this book was writen by a novelist. At the same time that Koestler is trying to present a conception, following some method, he has the spirit of a novelist and presents, side by side with the scientific discoveries, the personal dramas and tragedies of the men who made those discoveries. He is not in the least free of prejudice in the analysis of the characters of the scientists whose life he presents us. There are three scientists who form the main tread of the book: Copernicus, Galileo and Kepler. They were men who lived in the time where the Aristotelian's conception ruined, but Newton's new view did not exist yet. Indeed, they where exactly the ones who paved the way to Newton's ideas, who was referring to them when he said that he stood on the shoulders of giants. Koestler's view is clearly biased towards Kepler, perhaps because of Max Caspar's biography, which he read at the time he wrote the book. The reader must be prepared to love or to hate his opinions, but I believe that the book must be read, above all, as a novel about man's efforts to understand the universe around us. In that sense, it is an unique book, beautiful because of the sublimity of its subject. All of us, today, are culturally and materially dependant on the work of those men portraied in this book. My personal opinion is very near Koestler's. Although I do not judge Copernicus or Galileo as hard as Koestler, I agree with his assessment of Kepler's importance. It was Kepler who, first of all, understood the idea of a physical cosmology, driven by efficient causes. It was Kepler who also understood the meaning of mathematical symmetry, which today plays an important part in the discovery of new physical concepts. His intuitions were sometimes wrong, but nevertheless drove him forward towards great discoveries. What is fascinating about Kepler is that he didn't hide his errors in his writings, he had the courage to admit and present them fully, something that is, unhappily, avoided by today's scientists. By his writings we can reconstruct his path to the greatest discoveries he made. I believe that the climax of the book is Koestler's description of the Astronomia Nova, the most important book of Kepler together with Harmonice Mundi. This book changed not only astronomy, but science as a whole. Bold hypothesis are thoroughly worked out with an incomplete and inadequate mathematics. Sometimes we are lead to despair when we read that Kepler made calculations that achieve a thousand pages, that he commited silly arithmetical errors and proceeded with those errors to test some crazy idea, like the egg-shaped curve for the orbit of Mars. All this is narrated in a beautiful manner by Koestler, who succeeds in making this difficult work more understandable to us. While Galileo was one of the first who pointed to the importance of the experiments to evolve science, and Copernicus showed how the heliocentric hypothesis makes the astronomical calculations easier, Kepler was the man who discovered the way of doing modern science, making bold assumptions but never letting them completely overcome the weight of evidence, even when the evidence contradicted his most dearly beliefs, sometimes working as a sleepwalker to live with the inherent contradictions that arose as a result of that. This is perhaps Koestler's thesis. Beautiful book.
This would make a good textbook for the "where to now" part of an energy and the environment course. The material is presented quite clearly, though with significant variations in style and difficulty levels. Outside of the classroom, most anyone could work their way through the book with only high school level math and reasoning abilities, but it's unlikely that many will try.
This new book by O'Niel will show you how to make money in any market. By following O'Niel's advice, I made money this week on the ups and the downs. The advice works.Also recommend Wall Street Money Machine and Stock Market Miracles.
The Time Traveler's Wife"by Audrey NiffeneggerBook Review by Jay GilbertsonHow much do you know about Chrono-Displacement Disorder? Is time traveling something you've been considering, or perhaps something you already do? If you're the least bit curious, then this particular novel may be just the ticket. And let me warn you--this story takes you on one of the craziest romps in and out of reality ever. If you get the least bit nauseous on carnival rides, pass this baby up.One of the main characters, Henry DeTamble, is an unusually clever librarian at the Newberry library in Chicago. Author Niffenegger has armed him with some of the most snappy and wit-filled dialog that I think I've ever read. It's read out loud stuff and has Hollywood written all over it. Yes, it's a movie now too, though I honestly can't imagine how they could do this one justice.Read it first.Though Henry would prefer to hang out in the library stacks or explore his alter-ego by popping speed and boogying the night away--Henry time travels--at the most inconvenient times too. Like when the love of his life, Clare, is about to give birth to their one and only child--poof--he's gone! Though many men would find this a rather convenient way to come and go, Henry does not. You see, when Henry snaps out of the present and either heads into his future or his past, he's buck-naked. That's fiction for you. Oh that clever Niffenegger.Though this genre is not particularly a favorite, once I got into it, this tale really had me going. And in all honesty, if I weren't so stubborn and the writing hadn't been so blasted excellent, I would have chucked it after chapter one because it is a love story. I didn't. And boy was I glad when I hit the final pages, `cause the ending is really--never mind--but it's worth the journey.However, and I apologize to those of you who may find this a tad ignorant, but my one complaint with Niffenegger is her constant use of hipster, pop music or obscure art references that most folks simply don't know about. Not my people anyway. I find that kind of comparative description annoying and it stops me every time. And yes, thanks to Mister Google, I now know what a Moholy-Nagy poster looks like, but do I care?No.I should add one side-note; this story has several R-rated scenes.On the other hand I did enjoy how Henry would time travel backward and encounter himself at a younger age and the two Henry's would end up doing something rather ordinary together, like sharing a smoke and comparing what's happening in their `presents,' as it were. Clare, on the other hand, is simply hopelessly in love with this Chromo-Time-Traveling-Dude and since she encounters him at the early age of 6 (Henry is 36) and falls in love with the whole idea, well, as a reader, you know that this particular love story is sealed up tight with no way out....Unless you're lucky enough to give birth to a child with the very same disorder and well--all bets are off. And really--is the present simply the future in the now--or is the past and the future the present and that's all there is?Ask Clare...[...][...]
Nashville City Paper Bookclub June 24, 2004Saralee saysIf books like The Jane Austen Book Club (Putnam) and Bridget Jones's Diary (Penguin) are considered "chick lit", then The Rule of Four (Dial Press) is "rooster writing" or literature for men. Turnabout is fair play, and The Rule of Four was Larry's pick.Tom Sullivan, Paul Harris, Gil Rankin and Charlie Freeman are seniors at Princeton on the eve of graduation. Sullivan, the son of a renaissance scholar, is the narrator and his roommate, Harris, is writing his senior thesis about the Hypnerotomachia Poliphili, a really strange book written in 1499. Sullivan does not want to end up like his father, who was obsessed with the Hypnerotomachia Poliphili, and Harris wants his help solving puzzles about this ancient book. Rankin is busy organizing the social scene for Princeton, and Freeman is about to enter medical school. What should be the last few celebratory days of college instead turns into murder and mayhem for these seniors.The Rule of Four is being compared to Dan Brown's book The Da Vinci Code (Doubleday). Do you think it is as good as Brown's book? I do not because The Da Vinci Code had a beginning, middle and end and was impossible to put down. The Rule of Four is a challenge to read and did not captivate me. There were too many subplots and too many flashbacks, and I thought the ending was too predictable. I urge you not to make the same mistake that I did. Instead, do your research first and "google" the Hypnerotomachia Poliphili before you read The Rule of Four. I wish I had done this investigation before reading the book in order to understand the background about the Hypnerotomachia Poliphili since that would have made my time with The Rule of Four more enjoyable.This is the first book for Ian Caldwell, who graduated from Princeton in 1998, and his best friend Dustin Thomason. Obviously, it does not matter whether or not I liked this book or not - The Rule of Four is already a runaway bestseller.Larry's languageThe Rule of Four could be a secret blueprint for wealth and fame or it could be a trap that destroys reputations and lives. It is about a 500-year-old secret hidden inside a riddle, buried in an almost unbreakable code.Sullivan, Harris and their college roommates are fascinated and almost addicted to puzzling out the meaning of a Renaissance book, the Hypnerotomachia Poliphili. They believe that it will explain the death of Sullivan's father, clarify the earlier disgrace of a friend, and answer questions that have confused scholars for centuries. Also, it will satisfy their senior writing requirement and allow them to graduate.Their bookish, but physically dangerous journey takes us on a magical mystery tour through the Princeton campus and the steam tunnels underneath the college as at least a dozen felonies are committed in their supposed academic quest for truth.These four modern musketeers engage in swordplay, paintball, burglary, deception and escape from the police. They contemplate grave robbing - but for a good cause. What seems strange is these four college seniors pay almost no attention to the Nude Olympics of their fellow students, almost never appear to engage in or even contemplate sex, music, alcohol or parties, and classes do not seem to exist. Oh - maybe that last item is realistic for some college students.The conflicts are academic, emotional and criminal as Sullivan and Harris seek solutions for the riddles in the book ("What do a blind beetle, a night owl and a twist beaked eagle share?) while trying to avoid arrest.Sullivan's girlfriend Katie, whose favorite writer is H.A. Rey, author of the children's classic Curious George, is a saving grace although she needs serious attitude adjustment at times. That's probably understandable since Sullivan is the kind of boyfriend who forgets her birthday.The Book of Four has more word-of-mouth publicity than any other new book because it is a true puzzle and is perhaps the most intriguing and entertaining thriller of the year.Saralee Terry Woods is president of BookMan/BookWoman Books, and Larry D. Woods is an attorney.
I'm no stranger to the genius of Jackson's mind after reading The Haunting and she certainly didn't disappoint in this novel, there is strength but also perfect restraint that keeps it from being gauche. The writing is simply exquisite as it skillfully wraps the reader like a cozy blanket, sometimes when I read it I felt as if I was struck by a moment so beautiful that it made time stop, I would re-read it again and picture it in my head almost smelling the heady swaying grass and the sun shimmering in the morning breeze as Mary Katherine Blackwood and her feline companion wandered through the beautiful nature surrounding their decaying house. This book was written in the sixties but it's still felt refreshing in its own refined way, it's a literary treasure that should be read about and discussed because it's simply wonderful and it reads a bit like a period piece but it only adds to its charm ( and it's definitely easy to read).  I love gory horror books but this was just as good as the most intense and popular thrilling read from the past few months, so trust me, this is a good book!The Blackwood house is no longer the social gathering of great minds but a leftover with living ghosts, people who were once a part of a family until a fatal dinner laced with arsenic put the end to the festivities leaving behind only a handful of surviving family members. Sick and ailing uncle Julian, his niece Constance along with her younger eighteen year old sister Mary Kate (playfully called Merricat) and her black cat. They are left to their own way of life taking it one day at a time which means going into town only when they find it absolutely necessary and they are not bothered by what is happening in the world. The Blackwoods are busy eating delectable things in the privacy of their own garden as they seem to have dropped out of the society and time itself by living a suspended life on their own terms with their own secrets and ceremonies, especially those upheld by Merricat. Normal in general form doesn't hold place in the Blackwood mansion, people who live in it do whatever they want anytime they please, perhaps that is why the arrival of handsome cousin Charles stirs the household so hard of its axis, his family connections enable him to get in but when the wants to take over the fortune his future isn't too bright when it comes to accomplishing it, Merricat is a smart kid and she won't let anyone even if they are admired by older Constance to take over her world no matter what! People form the near by town want to know what is going on in the mysterious house at the same time as old demons come to the surface and that final arsenic laced dinner rears it's ugly head again revealing the mystery behind the strange deaths.  The struggle between different worlds is apparent and the conclusion is incredible, anyone reading this will have their favorites and their villains and will probably be surprised to see who they end up rooting for. A great tale that takes it to another lever that is sure not to be missed, I loved it!- Kasia S.
I have read and enjoyed several of McEwan's novels, but none surpasses &quot;Atonement.&quot;  It is wonderfully written, each sentence well crafted.  But McEwan is far more than just a good &quot;writer,&quot; he is a good storyteller, as well, which seems to be an increasingly diminishing capability with so many of today's authors.  From the initial moments of deceit at the beginning of the novel, to the incredible description of the horrors of war which comprise the middle of the book, to the resolution in the final pages, this is a beautiful page-turner.  To borrow an over-used saying, but one which is true in this particular case, McEwan is truly a writer at the top of his craft.
If ever there was a how to book on career success this has got to be it.  This is a no nonsense and straight to the point book that covers the basics for a successful career.  The book focuses on getting promoted or moving into a better position, but the rules are such that anyone can follow them and become better at your job.  What gets me as while I was reading the book I kept thinking two thoughts.  One was the fact that I kept thinking these rules are all common sense.  The second was the number of the rules that I have seen broken or that I have broken.Overall I found the book wonderful.  It was informative and well written.  It gets right to the point and does not get bogged down in long winded and marginally useful examples.  The book can be read in one sitting and is the perfect companion for a road trip.  This is one book you will find yourself reading multiple times.
Evolution is obviously a popular topic today, and the science is moving so fast that a book older than 10 years likely contains outdated information.  One topic of recent interest has been mathematical difficulties in the probabilities and direction of evolution as clasically understood.  In my own mind, I often liken Darwin to Lord Kelvin.  Lord Kelvin was correct that the world was far older than 6000 years, but his estimate of 20-400 million years based on estimates of the cooling of the Earth seems laughable by our standards today.  Even during his own day geologists could marvel as the scientific rigor of his calculations, but still say that something seemed wrong with a world of a mere 400 millions years.  Kelvin used good science, but not all of the science, missing the role radioactivity played in the cooling of the Earth.Darwin is like Kelvin, in that he got the rough idea, but the details would take further scientific understanding.  Kelvin was saved by the advances in astronomy and chemistry, but deeper insight into Darwin's ideas would take much more research.In his comprehensive new book, "The Logic of Chance", Eugene Koonin starts with an excellent overview of the history of evolutionary theory.  For instance, Darwin did not known about genetics and he did not know about viruses and bacteria or eukaryotes.  When he thought of irreducible complexity, he thought of the eye, not the multi-protein clotting process or the bacterial flagella.  Darwin could only observe gross physical features, and the subtleties of the engine of evolution were invisible to him.  Koonin also notes that Darwin wasn't even the first to observe the change of species over time.  Writings from Greek and Indian sources present what we might now call evolution, and Darwin was also preceded by Lamarck, Lyell, and others.Koonin establishes that what made Darwin unique was that he brought together many of these ideas into one framework (entirely rationalist, survival of the fittest, and speciation) and created the most compelling presentation ever seen.One problem plaguing evolutionary science compared to cosmology (something more accepted) is the difficulty of experimentation.  Whereas cosmologists have their theories supported by physicists performing experiments, biologists have more difficulty replicating or observing speciation.  Indeed, Koonin's primary contention, which could be well misunderstood, is that we really have not understood much of the engine of evolution until recently.  Koonin's book presents several diversions from the classical notion of the "Tree of Life", where we think of linear progression, one ancestor begetting 2 different lineages, etc.  True evolution is far more complex that the "ascent of man" image or progression of horses.  As creationists would object, these are stories that fit our fossil record, but not science.Koonin brings mathematics and analysis to the process of evolution, showing how random chance combines with survival of the fittest, and demolishes the classical notion of evolution as striving towards greater complexity or improvement.  Indeed, he shows through numerous examples how the complexity of evolution makes modeling immensely difficult.  One particular noteworthy image is the 3-d surface plot of a "fitness landscape" showing how certain maxima can increase fitness, but random chance can move from one peak to another.  There is no tree of life, no strive towards complexity.  There is a random forest with localized maxima of fitness where species will land, with no direction in particular.I recommend this book as you advance in your study of evolution and crave a mathematical understanding of just how the evolutionary process can function.I do not recommend this book if you are just starting to learn about Evolution.  The first chapter is a great overview, but the reader will jump the track after that.  I read books on cosmology all the time, and yet my background in physics and math was not quite enough to make the biology easy to follow.  I struggled through it and you likely will as well.  If you a religious person looking to understand evolution and creationism, I recommend "Finding Darwin's God" by Kenneth Miller or "The Challenge of Creation" by Rabbi Slifkin.  For a modern overview of evolutionary science without the religion (or religion bashing), I recommend "Evolution is True" by Jerry Coyne and "Written in Stone" by Brian Switek.5 stars for a tremendous addition to the library of evolutionary science, and a necessary one for the mathematical mind struggling to understand the nature of chance and how it relates to evolutionary science.
In &quot;Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress,&quot; the narrator and Luo was sent to the mountain area to be re-educated under Chairman Mao's Cultural Revolution in 1971. The young men were separated from their parents who were medical professionals and were considered by Mao as enemies. Life was difficult for the narrator and Luo as they were assigned works that were both physical and at times can be dangerous. Their lives took to a good turn when they met the &quot;Little Chinese Seamstress,&quot; the daughter of the village's popular tailor. Soon, they discovered that their friend from the city, Four-Eyes had been harboring translated Western literatures which were highly illegal. The young men craved for the literatures and when Four-Eyes offered a book by Balzac, their lives were transformed. Soon, they wanted to read all of Four-Eyes's books.I definitely highly recommend &quot;Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress.&quot; It is magical and the author is vivid in his description of the mountain area. In addition, I also enjoy the historical information that the author provided, giving insights into life during the Cultural Revolution. The book is beautifully written and his style of writing is very mesmerizing. At the end, he leaves you wanting for more. This is a simple story told in a simple way, and that is what makes the book wonderful.
This book has helped me out a great deal in understanding how hackers do what they do. Now I more aware of what I can do to prevent being hacked, or is crackd?This book is not for beginnners in the aspect that alot of it is command line programs, however, it is easy to understand how it works.
This is a question every elementary child asks their parent or teacher.  Don't know the answer?  Read this cute book and you will find out!  A great book to teach one science concept of fall.  Do leaf rubbings of leaves collected on a walk and you and your child will have a great afternoon of learning.  Excellent text and pictures.
If you have no prior experience and want to jump right into a routine, this is the book for you.  In fact, it serves that purpose better than any other yoga book I've seen so far.  It's design is simple yet clever, and allows the user to study the instructions and accompanying photos of the various poses while simultaneously attempting them.  The descriptions and illustrations are understandable and well-organized.This is strictly a beginner's book, and that point is clearly stated in the title, but for that reason it is fairly limited in scope.  The authors cover several important poses in great detail, but you may want to explore further and cross-reference with other books.  Another that I'd recommend highly is called Hatha Yoga Illustrated, which I've also reviewed.Overall, Yoga For Beginners is a great starting place for those looking to dive in head first.  It will give you a good sense of the time needed to learn and perform a full routine.  You'll be attempting your first poses literally within minutes of cracking the book open!
I received a new book to review called Think Better. The subtitle is "An innovator's guide to productive thinking" and the book was written by Tim Hurson from Thinkx.There are a LOT of new books on innovative thinking, or just innovation in general, so I was a little leery of another book, but I found this one to be very insightful and useful. There's a lot to like, and a lot to use, in this book, whether you happen to hail from the consulting and services oriented side of innovation, or are just starting out and want your internal corporate team to become more productive innovative thinkers.I'll admit to being a bit jaded, and the first few sections of the book offer more of a history lesson about innovation and innovative thinking than I felt necessary, but for those approaching the topic for the first time, the concepts of the monkey mind and gator brain are compelling, since they demonstrate that our current methods of thinking avoid risk and most often simply react to threats or patterns. The book starts to get really interesting in the fourth chapter, which deals with resisting the urge to quickly arrive at an answer. Instead, the book encourages us to "Stay with the Question". In his approach, Hurson sucks us in, peeling the onion a little at a time and getting agreement, till we are in violent agreement that we must change drastically. Then he rolls out section three of his book, which outlines a process for creative and innovative thinking, supported by a number of simple but powerful tools.The phases describe a method to generate better ideas, use some divergent then convergent thinking to stretch them, then move on to evaluate and determine which ideas should be considered for evaluation. What I also like is that he adds a step for deciding actions and assigning resources. Too often we get excited about selecting ideas for further investigation without determining and identifying the resources and plans necessary for the critical next steps. Along this process he introduces a number of tools: the I-cube or the C-5 or the DRIVE model, all of which are relatively easy to use and bring shape and focus around thinking and decision making that traditionally has been very subjective.I like this book because it aligns to what seems right to me - a useful process that anyone can follow to obtain better thinking and better ideas. From our experience in larger organizations, a defined set of steps or phases is necessary to help people understand what has happened, what should happen now and what should happen next. I think the next thing Tim and his team will need to do is decide how to "scale" this capability so that the thinking permeates an organization and the approach becomes a common one across organizations rather than simply in enlightened pockets. Of course, that's something near and dear to my heart.Creative productive thinking is a great first step. However, creativity without action is interesting but ultimately a sideshow. Tim defines a method to help people think more creatively, but also outlines a set of steps and tools to move an idea through a consistent process to an ultimate conclusion. That's moving from creativity to innovation, and eventually from ideas to new products, services or business models.Reposted from my original review on the Innovate on Purpose blog
This is an alphabet book featuring alligators drawn by Maurice Sendak.  Each letter has the alligators doing some activity, such as getting giggles for "g" or throwing tantrums for "t".  The book is cute and not scary.  It has about 60 words.
I found this Grishom book engaging and a page turner.  That is not to say that some of the criticisms on this page are not correct -- this book is less dependent on plot than earlier Grishom novels.Rather, this book emphasizes characters and place setting descriptions.  These the author handles well, turning once again a small southern town and its inhabitants into interesting components of an enjoyable escapist novel.The story:  two brothers are summoned back by their stern father, a judge both hardly knew in any fatherly sense.  Dad is dead by the time the sensible son (law professor) arrives.  Sensible son finds $3 million in cash cached in dad's study.  This he hides, due to:  the startling amount (dad barely earned any money the last nine years and never more than $50 thousand a year on the bench); the fact that younger brother is a dysfunctional druggie and alcoholic who would surely kill himself if those types of resources were available, and the fact that younger brother is late, as usual.The book's "who dun-it" revolves around where the money came from and sensible brother's increasing entanglement his own secret.The pace is somewhat slow in terms of his other books, but I found the descriptions of the characters (there are many more than the main protagonists above) fascinating and the background stories well crafted.  Although this book has plot twists driven largely by recently introduced facts and new characters (in other words, the twists and turns are not dependent upon information present at the start of the story), I found it held my attention.This may not be one of Grishom's most creative and tied together efforts, but I found it a fine book and just the thing to use to pleasantly wile away a rainy Saturday.  Good escapism.
You cannot say anything more than to acknowledge this classic.  It is heartbreaking to know people have been asked to suffer so much.  It is life-affirming to know they can survive such horror.
There's little about this book that hasn't been said here, but I'll try.I first heard about "The Things They Carried" while in college, and I just wasn't interested.  War, schmar. I'd seen war movies, and there were plenty of books out there about soldiers and what they do.Years later and a little older, I'd heard the book mentioned so many times that I had to get it.  (How can you say you love English and writing and then, in the same breath, admit you've never read O'Brien's most famous work?  Well, you can't.)There's a lot I like about the book, but these four things in particular put it in with the small stack of books I simply won't part with:1.  His technique.  First person all the way through, but unless he makes a point of reminding you that the narrator is talking, you forget. At least, I forgot.2.  The little things that are so huge they can make you cry.  For example: the emotionless observation of the baby buffalo; Rat, who puts his soul in a letter to a girl who doesn't write back; the "simple" question of going this way or that way, and what it means to do either.3.  Sometimes, nothing is made more true than when a layer of fiction is applied.  I believe you can feel more truth in fiction than you often can in non-fiction, because strict non-fiction has a way of keeping that personal distance between reader and writer.  "This is MY story," non-fiction says.  "You may have gone through something similar, but this is MINE."  O'Brien's fiction invites someone like me, who has never (and likely will never) experience a soldier's war, to see (at least in some small part) war from the point of view of one fighting it. It's not an accounting of a string of events, but a trip into the psyche.4. This:  "Absolute occurrence is irrelevant.  A thing may happen and be a total lie; another thing may not happen and be truer than the truth" (83).Homefront
You can't go wrong with a Russell Hoban Frances book for young children. The text deals with everyday problems small kids face.
Like many other McEwan's books, "Atonement" slowly tells a gripping story and creates tension with an implicit promise to relieve it at the end. The little sneak previews along the way help us keep turning pages. In "Saturday", when Perowne sees the two figures on the square sitting with their backs to him we know that they do not bode well. In "Atonement", when Lola shows her bruised wrists to Briony, her explanation that it was the result of the Chinese burns inflicted by the cruel twins clearly will not do. McEwan never disappoints and by the end of the book our hunches are confirmed and the mysteries officially resolved. If reading Pynchon's novels feels like white water rafting at night reading McEwan is like following signs to a museum in a foreign city.The three parts of the book, like the three layers of the cake, are very different and have their distinct flavors. The first, signature McEwan (comfortable life and internal disquietude), the third sparkling, O'Henry-style giving the whole book a twist, the second, a story on its own, a bit incongruous between the other two, rice pudding between layers of chocolate truffle: if extending Robbie's life in fiction was part of Briony's atonement, the love and squalor of the narrative do not seem to weigh enough in the balance.There is often something savagely dark in McEwan's novels. His characters are made to deal with the beast in themselves and others. And his readers are made to share this preoccupation with them.
"Liar's Poker" is worth a read if you want an insider's account of life on Wall Street. The book doesn't pretend to glorify the easy money that Lewis and his ilk made during the bond schlepping go-go days of the 1980's. Rather, Lewis is disillusioned by the greedy culture and hypocritical short-sightedness at Salomon Brothers, but not enough that he doesn't enjoy the ride for a few oh-so-profitable years. Like his other books, "Liar's Poker" is fun to read. His anecdotes about the training program and the trading floor, albeit surely embellished, read like a day at the amusement park. The key shortcoming is an oozy 20-something self-righteousness that pervades many of the book's chapters, and reaches a crescendo in the final pages. But hey, arrogance begets credibility. And when it comes to describing Wall Street in the 1980's, Lewis is as credible a spokesman as anyone.
At last, an accurate account of Benedict Arnold's key role in assuring the Americans would win the American Revolution! Benedict Arnold's Navy is a delightful read,well written, fast paced from begining to end and clearly describes the importance of the Battle of Valcour Island to subsequent events in the Revolution. Jim Nelson is to be commended for providing a readble and scholarly treatment of a neglected piece of history so important to our heritage
Dinosaurs, Dinosaurs is, at the moment, my baby's favorite book.  I spread a different set of four books out on the floor in front of her every morning, and she always chooses this one first if it's there.  She turns the pages herself, and seems to favor kentroasuarus (orange dinosaur with spikes) and tyrannosaurus rex (dinosaur with long, sharp claws and long, sharp teeth).  It's really fun to see!Dinosaurs, Dinosaurs is also one of my favorite baby books.  I love Byron Barton's illustration style with big, bold colors, and I like his simple writing style, too.  I also get a kick out of the fact that a volcano erupts every time T-Rex comes on the scene.  I guess he's just that awesome.This set of board books (I have a lot from Byron Barton, including: Boats, Planes, Machines at Work, and Trains) stands up very well to its exposure to a teething, drooling baby who still spits up on her books regularly and is determined to turn the pages for herself -- enthusiastically.  That is to say, we abuse -- I mean, read -- this book daily, and it's still in quite good shape. A little wear and tear at the edges of the pages where the gumming has been particularly vigorous, but otherwise fine.My only lament about this book, and board books in general, is that they are nearly always abridged.  I have the paperback version of this book, too, and it has some extra pages in it, including triceratops mommy laying her eggs and the pachycephalosaurses head-butting it out. Without the battle of the bony-headed dinosaurs, the pachycephalosaurus on the last page of the book seems like an afterthought.Oh well.  I still love this book, and Elsie just has something to look forward to when she's big enough for paper books (if Dinosaurs Dinosaurs is still a favorite by then).
Curtis Faith's new book, TRADING FROM YOUR GUT, is particularly excellent.Now that assessment will strike some early readers as rather controversial, for complaints arise re the book's brevity, even that Curtis Faith fails to teach meaningful trading methodologies.I disagree on all counts, although I would quibble with other aspects of the book. Sure, at ~190 pages, the book seems brief but then I prefer an author get to his or her point. And, as it regards insights and methodologies, well, Faith is no Scrooge, which I detail below. I do quibble that the editor seems missing in action: Way too many typos creep into the text, Faith relies overly much on analogies (although I understand his reasons), and that Faith spends too much time settling an old score with Michael Covel, which has no place in this book because its personal nature disrupts the book's narrative flow and offers no universal purpose.Faith writes simply and directly to the 80% of his readership who lack basic investing skills; the other, more experienced 20% can glean insight from combining their experience with Faith's insights...From pp 22-23:"Inexperienced traders commonly latch on to a particular trading guru's methods. These new traders often follow the guru's explanation for how to trade without bothering to build an internal rationale or model for why those methods will work. They follow the letter of the law without attempting to understand the spirit of the law. They attempt to learn the "what" but not the "why" for trading based on a particular method. The problem with this approach is that it is static: It can't adapt to changing markets. It also leaves no room for the gut. The best approach is to use each part of our brain for what it is best suited to. The left brain is good at building and understanding models for how the world of trading works, and the right brain is good at generating ideas and recognizing opportunities. This explains why master traders use their whole mind for trading. They prime their right brains with patterns that their left brains understand and categorize using carefully reasoned analysis."Faith addresses the topic of tyro investors who focus monomaniacally to improve their skills, an important objective, yes; whereas master traders (professional investors, in my parlance) seek to improve their aptitude, attitude, and talent, in addition to their skill set. An investor can understand the hows and whys, but be unable to pull the trigger.From p40"Master traders are always ready to change their opinions and perspectives. They consistently look for the reasons why they are wrong instead of trying to prove themselves right. Master traders don't suffer from mental inertia. Mental inertia comes from the prime lesson that new learning is retained for later use. When you form an opinion, it takes some specific impetus to change that opinion. The stronger your opinion, the stronger the impetus required to change that opinion. So when you have an idea that the market is not good for buying, it takes considerable motivation to change that idea. When a trader decides to place a trade, it often takes considerable drive to change course and exit the trade..."The beauty and wonder of this book is its final ~75 pages. Curtis Faith shares one of his core set-ups, his "rebound swing method," shows visually its set-up -- and then points out the precise bar that manifests as his entry signal. In essence, Faith's set-up is the double bottom (or top), and his entry is the second low (or high)... But that single, singular bar for the second low must conform to specific parameters.Other investing books are available, but most of them dedicate to a single purpose: pattern recognition / analysis, investor psychology, evaluating company fundamentals, etc; the method by which Curtis Faith shares his insights (in this book) is especially inspiring, even for my old investor's eyes and mind. TRADING FROM YOUR GUT marries the analytical with the perceptual and adds into the mix the notion that aptitude + attitude + skill set + doing the hard thing = trust in yourself, and thus consistent investment success.Buy and read TRADING FROM YOUR GUT to learn from Curtis Faith: a trading setup, an over-arching methodology... and how to achieve that elusive, but not illusive, goal of consistent investment success.-- David M Gordon / The Deipnosophist
From "Getting to Yes":"Reading the pamphlet on the Royal Canadian Air Force exercises will not make you physically fit. Studying books on tennis, swimming, riding a bicycle, or riding a horse will not make you an expert. Negotiation is no different."Wise words indeed. Anyone expecting a "how-to" method from any book on negotiation is in the wrong field of study. The best one can expect is a general framework, and that is what this book provides.Fisher and Ury advocate what they refer to as "principled negotiation", a style of negotiation where there are no winners and losers. Agreements are reached rationally by considering the motives each party has for maintaining a their position. People are separated from the issues at hand, and emotions are controlled. There is a strong emphasis on rationality, using objective criteria.Unfortunately, human beings aren't always capable of controlling their emotions and being rational. Or sometimes simply refuse to negotiate. Fisher and Ury recognize this, and provide a framework for tackling these issues, centered on what they call BATNA (Best Alternative To a Negotiated Agreement).Overall a great book, but, as the authors themselves would concede, no substitution to negotiation experience.
Through descriptions only, the author traces the events that led to Lennon and McCartny's first meeting. The descriptions are amamzing. You get a very clear picture of the day. Also the book gives insight into the personalities of John and Paul. He also uses words from the time and place to set the mood. This book was amazing. He really did his research, and it shows. This is worth reading for any Beatles fan.
Inspector Erlander and his team are called to investigate the appearance of a skeleton chained to a Russian radio transmitter, found at the bottom of a dried lake. The skeleton's identity puzzles the team, and they have virtually no leads to follow up on.All possible clues lead to more questions. Their focus on the Russian radio transmitter leads them to consider the involvement of spies in Iceland during the Cold War but they are stonewalled when they approach the embassies.What emerges through a parallel narrative is a story of student spies and socialist movements through the Eastern European countries in the 1970s.We're given more insight into Erlander's life and relationship with his daughter, and perhaps the start of a relationship with his son.Indridason once again delivers a stunning thriller.
I've had this book since it first came out but have just now read it (before the film premieres next week).  Beautifully written, well constructed, deeply imagined, this love story about a man who unwillingly time travels and the woman who waits for him--from the age of six to the end of her life--is funny, warm, provocative, joyful, and heartbreaking.  The characters of Henry and Clare are magnificently drawn--especially Henry--and I hated to say goodbye to them when the book ended.  I have only two minor quarrels with it:  The first is the aspect of time travel itself.  Although I'm guessing the author researched the latest time travel theories and applied those ideas, it seemed wrong to me that Henry would encounter himself in the past or future; even in time travel it would seem impossible to be two places at once.  My second objection is to the pretentiously intellectual manner in which the author appears to show off her education.  She includes foreign phrases, food, music, art and locations the way some writers drop names.  But these are minor flaws and do not seriously diminish this impressive first novel.  I'm eager now to see if Hollywood has done it justice.
I don't normally read fiction but this was an amazing story with enough factual background information to make it really interesting (quite aside from the story line itself) ---- the information on Ethiopa  and the subsequent insight into the hospital internship in New York was extremely interesting.I do not want to say more about the story line itself because that could spoil it for readers,suffice to say really it is a touching emotional story. It had to be written by a caring mature person who has had medical training
I have this on my kindle and bookshelf.  Reread it often. Katie Fforde always had characters I like, interesting settings, and a different situation every time.
I admit it. I caught the Titanic wave when the movie came out. I was intrigued by the story of the huge boat sinking in the middle of nowhere and 1500 people freezing and drowing to death on a boat that splits in half  sinking to the ocean depths. Its a little better than the nightly news.  Walter Lord, authority on the Titanic chronology sets out a most detailed  account of the sinking, from the maiden voyage to the sinking, each  accounted for on the clock. The book was full of facts, however, I felt it  was dry most of the time. I am not arguing the author, just his writing. I  am not all together interested in every member of the crew, nor every  passenger. Least of all am I worried about every little detail or account.  The appendix has a complete listing of every member on board of the ship,  who died and who survived. The story overall is the same and fascinating  still. The inability to answer the question of &quot;why did no one  respond?&quot; still remains even though we know the whole story. Certainly  the best account on the Titanics chronology available to date.
A Handmaid's Tale by Margaret Atwood, published in 1986 by Houghton Mifflin, is a dystopian novel told through the experience of Offred, a handmaid in the Republic of Gilead.The story is told in well-written prose and imagery, but probably not entertaining to most readers, because there are so many disturbing elements to the tale. It is an important read for anyone interested in gender studies or contemporary society, but the difficulty of reading such a complex work comes  through reminders that like the veils the handmaids don, human experience is garbed in veils of deception. Technology and social structure allow (almost dictates) most of us ignore the reality of injustice and the plight of the human condition.As a species, we tend to look less favorably on members who do not grasp elementary ideas that become common knowledge. Today, most of us look upon racists with some measure of contempt or scorn. So too, when we read a novel with weighty ideas and see characters behaving in ways that oppress women we want to stop the affrontry by addressing those elements directly. But because those characters are fixed on the page we put the book down for awhile and think about it.This is what a great tale is about. It causes us to ponder our own situation through identification with the protagonist.Most of us take common sense for granted. We take pride in the fact that our species has thecapacity of intellect and rationality. We believe we are always on the higher road. Atwood slaps us in the face with the reality that humans are not always so rational or noble. Despite our protests, textbook atrocities committed by our species against its own kind are evidence of this.In The Handmaid's Tale, the theocratic republic puts elderly, high ranking men and women who want to produce offspring in charge of the birthing process though most are sterile or barren. Those who are young and more viably fertile are relegated to lower status though they may be more valuable members of that society.Worse, is the hypocrisy practiced by this ruling class. Pious as they are, they advocate torture against lesser members, engage in drunkenness and are obnoxiously hyper-critical of others.We cannot help but sympathize with Offred, the tale's narrator and protagonist. More importantly, we root for her to find a way out of the situation before something terrible happens to her. Atwood has placed Offred into circumstances in which she cannot trust anyone, including most other women. She is constantly on her guard to behave in a way relegated by the ruling class. For to step out of line or to speak out of line there are penalties.&#34; &#34;Blessed be the fruit,&#34; she says to me, the accepted greeting among us.&#34;May the lord open,&#34; I answer, the accepted response.&#34;Transgressions are punished with cables against the feet, lopping off of hands and feet, hanging.The &#34;Aunts&#34; as elements of oppression are reminiscent of Orwell's Ministry of Education. There are important distinctions. These characters take on human dimensions; whereas those in the Ministry are unknown faceless referents working toward the greater good. Aunts are aging, overweight, pious souls whose work is to educate and propagandize the party line. That is, to make the handmaids understand the woman's place is to produce offspring and they should be grateful society tolerates their naturally sinful ways.The Wives are elderly spouses of the men in the highest echelons of society. They take a handmaid not as a surrogate womb, but as an extension of themselves. This is their womb made whole through weird religious rituals and services of the handmaid.Unfortunately, the handmaids are reviled by both the Aunts and the Wives. The Aunts work to keep women in fear and dole out punishment, while the wives maintain a grapevine of nasty gossip along with a heap of jealousy and antagonism toward the younger women.Near the end of the story we see hope for Offred, though we suffer for it. Atwood leaves us wondering what happened to the woman. Did she finally escape?A discussion at the end of the book by researchers who discovered Offred's journal tapes, allows us to learn the tale we just read is a transcription of those tapes and no one really knows what happened to her.We are left hoping. And perhaps this is what the tale is  about. Hope. That perhaps in a world as imperfect as ours and with a species as imperfect as we are, we can get better. We can learn from our mistakes and from tales of the past and pass that on.Let us hope.
Not only is this a favorite bedtime read for both my 2-year-old and my 5-year-old, but it was also one of my favorite books when I was a child.  The way in which the little boy draws up his own world is so compelling that you long to jump in and explore right beside him.  Harold's world of vivid purple lines is fantastic, mysterious, and even haunting.  When I read the book, it is clear that Harold only reveals to us a brief but tantalizing glimpse into this vast realm of his.  As we close the book each night, we continue to wonder: Where does that road eventually lead?  Who lives in the city?  What lies under the waters of the ocean?  And, most importantly: Are the apples still safe?
Big Tracks, Little Tracks is a good book for introducing preschoolers and kindergarteners to widlife observation.  The writing is engaging and the art has a nice warmth to it.I gave Big Tracks, Little Tracks four stars instead of five because it prominently featured domestic animals, namely dogs and cats.  I don't have anything against dogs and cats, but I felt that including them, especially early in the book, could leave some younger kids with the impression that dogs and cats are wildlife.  At the very least, their inclusion strikes a dissonant chord as the main focus of the book is on wild animals.Beyond that small drawback, it's a great little book for young children.
This is a fun book with a sweet ending.  It was easy to read and made me laugh.  It would be a great movie.  It pokes fun at our societal norms, but still sends across the real meaning of Christmas.  Loved it!  I recommended it to my friends.
Great series.  Dragged though the first one forth of the book but got much better after that.  Can't wait to read the next book.
This was a good book in terms of exploring the concept of identity and how it relates to your business and life. I liked the anecdotes and stories the author used as well as the exercises, which if done, help the reader apply the concepts to his/her life and business in a meaningful way. The purpose of the book is to help you align your internal identity with how you live your life and this book provides enough guidance to help people take the necessary steps to live a more meaningful life.
When reading Steinbeck it is easy to understand his prominence as one of the great contemporary American writers.  He takes a human or societal flaw and dissects it page by page and the reader cannot but help thinking how real and how commonplace Steinbeck's characters and situations are.  In "Winter" the author centers on the greed and lust for material riches that was prevalent in America of the late1950s and early 1960s.  Ethan Hawley, the protagonist, is a Harvard-educated man of once-prominent social standing who through the misfortunes of his whaling captain father is currently the clerk in a grocery store his father once owned.  The present owner, an Italian immigrant, is the target of hostility for the simple reason that he is foreign.Ethan Hawley is a man pushed by the desires of his wife Mary and his two children, Ellen and Allen.  This middle-class family yearns for a more upscale life than Ethan can provide.  A television, new curtains and furniture are some of the material possessions they long for.  Because Ethan cannot provide them he makes a decision that incorporates the worst elements of greed and avarice.  He embarks on a well thought-out plot to illegally obtain the money necessary to give his family the luxuries they desire.  And so in lies the crux of this story...what happens to a man that forsakes his morals for the happiness of his family?There are many supporting characters that flavor the book.  Most notably Ethan's childhood friend Danny, now the town drunk, and his wife's best friend Margie who apparently is the town's most popular call girl.  There is also the banker, a teller, and Mr. Marullo, the immigrant grocery store owner, whose tragedy becomes Ethan's triumph.When accepting the Nobel Prize for Literature for this novel, Steinbeck stated that a writer is charged with exposing our many grievous faults and failures, with dredging up to the light our dark and dangerous dreams for the purpose of improvement.  Readers will certainly see a generation's most obvious faults and failures and have Ethan Hawley's dark and dangerous dreams exposed.  Interestingly enough, the materialistic greed exposed in this novel is still very real nearly fifty years later.
This is a story about 10 year old Patrick Clarke, his family and friends.  The entire book is totally stream of conscious from Paddy's point of view.  The boys in his crew terrorize Barrytown and each other!  He also picks on his younger brother Francis - calling him Sinbad.  Paddy's parents fight a lot  and we find out, in the end, that the title of the book comes from his father's deserting the family and the boys chanting "Paddy Clarke, ha ha ha, he has no da, ha ha ha."The book is truly entertaining - there is no question on that end.  It is also extremely hard to read in any broken-up setting (commuting, a little each night, etc.) because there are no chapters, no breaks and no natural flow to the plot.  This also helps the credibility level as 10 year olds really act and talk like this.  The insight might be lacking, but it frees the mind to imagine background to the characters as well as a future for each of them.
Arbitrators of historical accuracy in works of fiction decried &quot;Catherine Called Birdy&quot; as a travesty when it first came out. They said it was inaccurate and filled with factual misrepresentations. They said the main character could not and would not have acted the way she did (Birdy is both headstrong and willful) not because she wasn't capable of it but because of the times in which she lived (Medieval England). I was very partial to &quot;Catherine Called Birdy&quot; when I read it. I thought it was a breezy romp through a time entirely different from our own today. I thought the plot was enjoyable, the main character likable, and the setting fascinating. But yes, if pressed, I would admit that this is definitely not the book you're going to want to read to if you want a realistic portrayal of the Middle Ages. So there it is.Lady Catherine (called Birdy) is the fourteen-year-old daughter of a knight and lady of a manor. Their only daughter, she is expected to wed soon, thereby bringing in a significant price from her suitor. Birdy, however, has other ideas. She knows that in terms of some people (barons, kings, etc.) her family is not particularly rich, but she also feels that no money in the world would be worth her marriage to some empty headed blockhead. As such, the book follows the day-to-day activities of a young lady in jolly old England as she outsmarts and drives away a variety of different potential husbands. To do so, the tale is told through Birdy's journal entries, usually beginning with a note as to what the saint day it is and how they died. The book really hits its stride when Birdy finds herself engaged to a man that repulses and disgusts her more than any other she's met thus far.I contest the notion that the book is entirely inaccurate, however. First of all, the ending of the book is, however fortuitous, believable. I feel the book taken as a whole is meant to show how trapped the lives of women during medieval times were. We are constantly bombarded with images of cages and caged birds. Birdy is told not to fight her position in life since it will do her little good. The book does not end with Birdy marrying outside her class or running away to live the single life. Instead, it remains faithful to the ideals of the time, for which I was very glad.Just the same, Birdy is not your average girl. I have to agree that she's a mighty unlikely character for her time period too. Girls reading about her today might identify with her intrinsically, but that's only because she's written with a particularly modern eye. For example, Birdy expresses an interest in running away and joining the Crusades. I challenge anyone to say that any girl growing up in 1290 England even harbored a glimpse of a thought about such a thing. It wasn't just the girls couldn't, it was the fact that they would have considered such an idea alien to their culture. Birdy has lots of thoughts along these lines as well. She likes to fart and spit and do all sorts of things that, quite frankly, girls younger than fourteen might be into but that a kid her age would probably have outgrown. That was actually one of my problems with the book as well. Too often is Birdy immature for her age or irrational beyond her otherwise cool head. After all, being fourteen now and being fourteen then were two entirely different ideas. People grew up faster back in the day, an idea that Birdy does not seen to convey. In fact, in some things Birdy is perfectly ahead of her years. She seems to have a very clear idea of sex and human reproduction. On viewing some grass stained villagers returning from the woods she observes wryly that there will probably be quite a few babies born the coming December. Nine months away, that is.Just the same, I liked this book. I liked how Birdy's conceptions of humans on the whole changes. I liked the humor in this tale, something that most books set in the Middle Ages neglect. In short, I liked &quot;Catherine Called Birdy&quot; in spite of its flaws. Author Cushman is good enough to include an Author's Note at the end of this text that offers not only further information about the times, but non-fiction resources and other medieval children's books for reference. I challenge you to read this story and not enjoy it, at least on some level. It's a lovely romp. And if you still find yourself yearning for something a little more believable, check out &quot;Dante's Daughter&quot; instead.
A wonderful childhood and adult classic.  I read it in February and promptly caught a case of Spring Fever!
preparatory skill, and style brought to it, not to forget the element of suspense and ultimate relief about the subtly revealed survival of one of its heroes in the end. In its complexity, it is not your everyday who-done-it novel. Reading through it is no piece of cake. Should a good book be? Nor ought it be compared with Dan Brown's work that belongs to a different genre, despite their deceptively similar goals on which they focus. I like its what some may percieve as occasional "digression" into poetry.  All in all, my cudos to afirst novel well written.  I look forward to more.
Recently published (end of 2007) very helpful to give an overall view of the world stock markets, with enphasis on the american market of course. In my opinion it gives a helicopter view of the economy and the stock market movements and in doing so it provides you with a map of the "territory" you are moving in (as it were). Great statistic amount of information.
If you invest or trade, or if you are thinking about starting to invest or trade this is a must read.  Some of my best trades and position entries are a result of strategies found in this book.  For me, this book has paid for itself a 1000 times over.  Need I say more !!!
Reason for Reading: Ds read aloud to me as his reader.This series is perfect for basic introductions to science topics. Told simply, but with enough detail to present the topic thoroughly. The text is written in a narrative voice that is friendly while being informative. The pictures illustrate diagrams with lines pointing to certain parts being discussed and throughout the story the same orchard and family are featured. A perfect combination of text and illustrations make this an enjoyable and understandable read for all. This husband & wife team always produce excellent non-fiction children's books together. You can't go wrong when you mix The Maestros with the "Let's-Read-and-Find-Out Science" series.
Redeemer is the latest in Norwegian author Nesbo's series of detective procedurals featuring police detective Harry Hole. Hole is an alcoholic, always teetering on the verge of relapse, and a natural contrarian, who insists on going his own way instead of following established procedure. He's a natural bloodhound who trusts his instincts to tell him things about cases before the established evidence appears. It works for him and has made him something of a legend among certain elements in the police, but he's a constant irritation to the people above him, and usually only a step away from losing his job. He rocks the boat way too much.This police thriller -it's excellent, as are all of the Harry Hole mysteries--is about a botched assassination.  A Salvation Army officer is assassinated in a public square shortly before Christmas, but as the investigation proceeds, it appears the killer killed the wrong man. When the killer finds out, he starts a frantic search to repair his mistake. Incident after incident piles on, leading to a prolonged and fascinating manhunt -or, rather, two hunts, the killer for his victim and Harry and his associates for the killer. In the course of the narrative of the killer's search, Nesbo fills in the backplot to the killer's story. The ending adds a final twist to an already unpredictable murder story.Stories in this series tend to start slowly. Nesbo likes to set the scene in detail before the central story kicks in.  But once the main thread starts, it's hard to put the book down. Like other Scandinavian crime writers, Nesbo mixes social criticism into the storyline with an occasionally heavy hand but for the most part the social commentary fits well, in part because Harry himself is critical most of the time, and skeptical of the benefits his wonderful society showers on its citizens. Harry isn't a bleeding heart but his sympathies are much more with the downtrodden than the affluent.Continuing story line is a concern in a long lasting series like this one. Harry still has a girlfriend -maybe--it's not clear, but references to her, and their troubled relationship, dot the text. In the previous novel, Harry had finally caught up with corrupt cop Tom Waaler, who died in struggle with Harry. But as Harry says to his friend on the police force, Beate, "It's not over. Where there's a prince [i.e. Waaler], there's a king."  So that story, too, continues in this novel. The overarching narrative is compelling enough to carry these subplots along but they do not strengthen the book. Still, it's a minor weakness in an otherwise strong entry in a strong series, one of the best being written today.
This book is much better with more detail and in a more interesting format than the Deitels' other books on computer technology. It has been so in the previous three editions, and this edition continues the tradition while updating the contents to reflect the new technologies on both the client and the server that are available for rich Internet applications. It has a very good introduction to Javascript for the novice programmer as well as a good explanation of Ajax. In fact, it's one of the clearer explanations of that technology that I've seen. I really liked the section on Adobe Flash CS3 and how the authors illustrated the usage of the application by building a simple interactive game. The appendix is very useful with information on XHTML tags,Javascript, and various coding systems. Very much recommended for someone starting out programming who wants to know what programming on the Internet is like in the year 2007 without already being an expert desktop programmer in C++ or Java. If you're not familiar with the Deitels' approach to technical books, they favor an example-based approach with lots of recipes in numbered steps and "live-code" examples that are usually color-coded so that certain portions of the code are highlighted as the text discusses each portion. For this subject the approach works well and keeps things moving. The product description does not show a table of contents, so I do that next:Part 1: Introduction 11 Introduction to Computers and the Internet 22 Web Browser Basics: Internet Explorer and Firefox 283 Dive Into Web 2.0 50Part 2: The Ajax Client 1174 Introduction to XHTML 1185 Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) 1596 JavaScript: Introduction to Scripting 197 JavaScript: Control Statements I 2348 JavaScript: Control Statements II 2789 JavaScript: Functions 32110 JavaScript: Arrays 36211 JavaScript: Objects 40312 Document Object Model (DOM): Objects and Collections 45813 JavaScript: Events 48714 XML and RSS 51515 Ajax-Enabled Rich Internet Applications 588Part 3: Rich Internet Application Client Technologies 63516 Adobe Flash CS3 63617 Adobe Flash CS3: Building an Interactive Game 68318 Adobe Flex 2 and Rich Internet19 Microsoft Silverlight and Rich Internet Applications 77020 Adobe Dreamweaver CS3 830Part 4: Rich Internet Application Server Technologies 85721 Web Servers (IIS and Apache) 85822 Database: SQL, MySQL, ADONET 2.023 PHP 90524 Ruby on Rails 95625 ASPNET 2.0 and ASPNET Ajax 100926 JavaServer FacesWeb Applications 111827 Ajax-Enabled JavaServer Faces28 Web Services 1225Part 5: Appendices 1303A XHTML Special Characters 1304B XHTML Colors 1305C JavaScript Operator Precedence Chart 1308D ASCII Character Set 1310E Number Systems 1311F Unicode 1325
For a concise edition, this dictionary contains an exceptional amount of additional information on grammar. Vocabulary coverage is also good, practically everything a student may need. My only criticism is the need for some spelling updates, the ess-tset.
I've read tons of cozy murder mysteries and am always searching for a "new" author and series.  Truthfully, I've become a little tired of the same old tried and true plot.  After a search on Amazon, I stumbled onto the Aunt Dimity series and ordered the first book, Aunt Dimity's Death, because of the positive reviews.  While the plot isn't a cozy murder mystery, it is captivating and thoroughly enjoyable AND there is a mystery to unravel with a little romance thrown in.  I read the last sentence of this first book and immediately ordered the next one for my Kindle.  I didn't want to wait for delivery of a hard copy.  Ms. Atherton is a good storyteller: her characters are enchanting and believable; the plot moves logically at a smooth pace; the dialogue is plausible; descriptive passages are neither too detailed nor too lengthy; and the theme is optimistic and uplifting.  I'm looking forward  to moving into Aunt Dimity's and Lori's world for several books to come!
A well crafted story with an interesting main character set in Australia. I really liked it and look forward to more of his books.
This is a book filled with detailed information about boats and boat design.  What is covered is well explained; however, the overall approach is scattered.  The initinal chapters just seem to wander about from one boat design story to another, and then the author even diverts to &quot;mystery&quot; story telling in the style of Mike Hammer.  The author uses a lot of math, but it is not presented in a high flown manner which is often done by those who are good at math.  The math explanations are not only straight forward, but they are always set up in a way that applies the math to the real world of boats and boat design.  The math helps the reader see why certain boats behave in certain ways.Overall this book will enhance the knowledge of anyone who owns a boat but does not have a degree in boat design.  Very useful.
This is my favorite book of the many Holt has written. It does not cover any aspects of learning/educational issues as do his other books. Instead it addresses the matter of looking at children as whole individuals who should be treated respectably, as any adult would want to be.Our culture too readily encourages parents, and adults in general, to use their voice in a excessively authorative manner which only serves to bully and demean children. No one would want to be spoken to or treated in such a condensending manner. This book will open your eyes to the damage we are doing to our beloved kids when we accept the cultural standard way of parenting. Highly recommended!
This precious book is a love story of a man who is unable (some genetic flaw) to stay put in time.  He is tethered to his wonderful loving wife who, from the time she was a child, has seen him appearing and disappearing at different ages.  It's wonderfully written and not hokey at all.
Hartman and Sifonis have hit a home run in the crowded field of e-business books. A &quot;roll-up your sleeves&quot; guide to defining strategic competitive advantage -- the authors define tools and techniques for wading  through the seemingly endless array of e-business opportunities to identify  those that will define success for your specific company.  Clearly written  with up-to-date examples, this book is clearly a must have.
In 2013 Kernick wrote a short story for the Quick Reads series called Wrong Time, Wrong Place.  Like this one a group out for a day trip in the Scottish Wilderness encounter a woman fleeing some bad guys with guns and find their quiet relaxing day, turn into terror.  Stay Alive is almost like when Kernick wrote the short story, he was thinking, I could really expand on this.  In fact he uses the same villains as some of the bad guys in this one.  You don't need to have read the short story first to understand this one, but this one does give away a fair chunk of that book's plot so you might well want to.This time round the day trippers are an uncle and aunty taking a couple of stepsisters out for a leisurely canoe trip down the river into town.  A recent movie called Breakout with Ethan Suplee and Dominic Percell had the same premise, but rest assured Kernick delivers a much better written plot than that film, has the four canoeists hearing a gun shot up the banks then being shot at and hunted down due to being witnesses.  They've also got the woman who is fleeing from the men alongside them, and did I mention two of the canoeists are a ten year old and teenage girl.  It's a pretty fast paced read.  Like most of Kernick's novels, past characters such as DCI Bolt, and tough guy that can't just let innocent people, especially children be killed known as Scope return to the pages.  It's a little bit obvious working out what the secret is with Amanda but the book isn't marketed as an Agatha Christie type mystery, it's a thriller after all.  Lucky breaks, and good timing for some characters also may put off a few readers but overall I really liked this one.
For those who trade understanding bollinger bands is part of the game.  This is the book by John Bollinger that explains it all.
This book brings you into the darkest hour but leaves you seeing the glory of God. A must read.
I won't get into too much detail because other reviewers have already made this point: you will read faster if you do this program. The thing is that it is very time consuming, but there was a period where I had some time on my hands and I did a small portion of the program. Well, even a small portion shot up my reading rate. I say to you to forget the low-star reviews. They may be convinced that this program doesn't work, but I tell you to spend 10-20 dollars on it. It may just be the best money you have ever spent on a book because it will result in you finishing other books at a much faster rate, with better comprehension, and with less eye strain. There is a lot of information which I thought was excess in terms of comprehension exercises and whatnot. I chose not to do them, but I recognize that if I did do them, my reading comprehension and recall would improve massively. Get the book, and decide for yourself. Chances are, you will end up reading faster and better even if you don't finish the program.
Great read for the women who love Patterson.  It is a murder mystery to keep you on you toes. Thanks
Beth Leonard's book is an incredible resource for anyone considering voyaging or even just coastal cruising.  She does her homework and writes in a very concise and easy to read style.  She does not preach or strongly advocate doing everything the way she has chosen for her own boat.  She lays out the options so the reader can make an informed decision.This is the most valuable purchase of its kind I have made in the last 25 years.  I sure hope she keeps at it.
First, to straighten out a few errors in other reviews -"Kim" most certainly did not cause controversy "at the end of the 18th century" since it wouldn't be written for another 100 years!  Perhaps the reviewer was confused by the Italian use of "century" where "quattrocento" does mean the "14th" century. Kipling wrote at the end of the 19th century and into the 20th.  "Kim" was published in 1901.The Great Game was not really a mysterious secret-service organization - it was simply the name for the activities of British Army intelligence as it gathered information aimed at maintaining control of British India. There were three aims: to prevent other Great Powers gaining influence (especially Russia), to suppress any incipient revolt against British rule, and to maintain order by preventing wars between the Indian princes themselves.Kim is not part Indian by birth, as some state, but wholly - I was going to say British, but that is not quite right, since Kipling tells us his father was an Irishman, Kimball O'Hara (though at that time indeed Britain ruled Ireland, infamously).  His mother was "nurse-maid to a Colonel's family,"  named Annie Shott.Apart from that, what at first I found strange in some of the reviews was the complaint that it is "difficult" to read. What? Kipling's writing is much more direct here than in many of his short stories, where you must really stay alert to catch 'why' a character responds to someone else's words in a certain way.  As for the Urdu or other words used naturally by the speakers, I am not sure how different editions, or the original text, handled them: my edition, printed in the US by Macmillan, simply includes the English in parentheses where needed "No," said Kim. "Thy man is rather yagi (bad-tempered) than yogi (a holy man). "  (yagi and yogi are in italics). I think these would be Kipling's parentheses.But perhaps for modern American readers some things are unfamiliar - flipping through again, I see hookah, tramway, scapular, coolie, Babu, chela, fakir - these are words that are more likely to be familiar to Brits like me, and especially Brits of middle-age or so.....I guess we don't always realize how much we simply absorb from the specific cultural background. I see that some editions provide lots of footnotes, but of course looking at footnotes is a pain and spoils the flow and pace of reading. All I'd say is, let yourself be swept up in the amazing panorama of the life of a huge sub-continent as it was 100 years ago, and don't sweat the small stuff! This is a story that above all conveys a zest for life, and has nothing to do with prejudice or preconception about how things "should" be.  Do as Kim did- take it as you find it, and enjoy.
Fifteen-year-old Christopher Boone has a supremely logical mind. He knows all the prime numbers up to 7,057 and can solve puzzles that stump PhDs. However, he cannot understand metaphors, jokes, or human emotion. Christopher has Asperger's Syndrome, a form of autism. When his neighbor's dog turns up brutally murdered, Christopher puts his supreme logic to work in solving the mystery. However, he doesn't get far before the clues he is uncovering point to the mystery of his parents' separation and a world of adult emotion and motivation that is challenging him for him to understand.I was impressed by the creation of such an utterly believable narrator and the author's insight into his disability. It wasn't a story about Christopher; the story really WAS Christopher. Right down to prime numbers for the chapter titles. I felt like I knew this kid. And because I cared about him so early on, for the most part, the tangential style didn't bore me. I found it interesting because I found the workings of the narrator's mind interesting (at least at first -- more on this later). The author obviously has a great deal of empathy for kids with perceptual disabilities. He understands the details of how their minds work and, more importantly, he respects them and their process. Christopher, at times, seems hyperaware of his own brain processes (e.g. describing his mind as like a computer doing a search). But then, at times, he's wrong -- for example, saying that he can't fantasize about things that haven't happened when he does this a lot, such as fantasizing about being an astronaut or imagining who might have killed Wellington.Simplicity is the book's greatest strength, I think. Christopher is profound because he doesn't try to be -- he just tells the truth and people with "normal" perceptual abilities see the depth of what he's saying (I underlined: "Prime numbers are what is left when you have taken all the patterns away. I think prime numbers are like life. They are very logical but you could never work out the rules, even if you spent all your time thinking about them.") In the same way, Christopher is touching because he not only doesn't try to be, he isn't able to be. He's the perfect narrator because he can't narrate in any of the ways we expect a story to be told -- he doesn't understand metaphor, he doesn't understand emotion, he can't put anything into its cultural or social context. So anything that would make a story like this glurgy or heartwarming is impossible. Christopher just tells it exactly the way it is and it's the process that happens in the reader's own mind that creates the reader's emotional response to Christopher. He is the ultimate non-mainpulative storyteller.The only glurge risk is that readers might try to feel Christopher's emotions FOR him and wind up thereby pitying him (which I think would be brought on by how much this book was hyped as a book about autism or disability, not anything that Haddon actually included in the text).This story reminds me of the archetype of the Holy Fool -- the one who is mocked and scorned as too simple-minded to understand the complexities of the real world but who, in his simplicity, has a better understanding of the truly important things in life (Forrest Gump is an example of the same archetype, but, of course, it's ultimate glurge). For example, Christopher sees right through the euphemism "special needs" that's designed to spare his feelings while, ironically, he sees how the other kids can use it as much as an insult as slurs like "retard". Though I might have found this book more emotionally powerful had such a big deal not been made that Christopher was autistic (which he probably wasn't -- he probably has either Asperger's or a pervasive developmental disorder). It took me awhile to notice that Haddon never defines Christopher as autistic -- this book was billed by the publisher and others as "a book about an autistic kid". Haddon himself simply presents Christopher as he is and leaves the reader to determine whether Christopher is a "normal" boy. I was expecting his disability to play a greater role in the story than I think it does or think it should.I did eventually start skimming some of the rambling. I don't think I lost any interest or caring for either Christopher or the workings of his mind. It may have been that as the story progressed, I became more concerned with the plot and less concerned with the pattern on the train-car seats. Or maybe I just got tired of the details. But the minutae I found so appealing at first did start to wear on me in the second half of the book.Christopher's father is an equally interesting character. Is he sympathetic or despicable? I could never decide. Some of his actions are so extreme and so horrible -- telling Christopher his mother is dead, killing the dog. Yet he is created in such a way that I truly believed he thought he was doing the best thing for Christopher. Certainly, he was the one best able to parent Christopher on a day-to-day basis. The more I found out about him, the more I wanted to hate him, yet I found I wasn't able to.On a similar note, this book left me wondering what exactly love is. Christopher is incapable of processing emotion. Does this mean he can't love? Yet he seems to love his mother, father, Siobhan, Toby. He seems to understand that, by taking care of him, Siobhan and his father love him. Yet most of us accept that there is an emotional aspect of love that goes beyond just caring for someone's daily needs. So then what is love? Does Christopher only understand part of it?
A rare account from a German aide de camp, with fascinating glimpses into the daily life of a General staff. Add to that the fact that the aide de camp was for none less than Rommel himself, during the legendary Afrika Korps days, and you get a book not to be missed.
This book was hilarious and fun -- the perfect book to read at Christmas time! I read it in a matter of hours, and absolutely loved the ending.I highly recommend this book, especially if you feel like &#34;skipping Christmas&#34; this year! It's wonderful!
This book weaves together the lives of a Peruvian man who goes to live with an ancient tribe in the Amazon and a college friend who is haunted by the thought of the tribes.  It alternates between sections of the writer`s life and the stories told deep in the rainforest.  At first these seem incoherent and leave the reader groping for something left out, but the last section of storytelling is lyrical, the best piece I have read for quite a while, and we finally understand.The traslation is admirable, and the prose is descriptive and readable.  I would reccommend this especially to those interested in Spanish culture or storytelling.
Another one of Douglas Kennedy's ultimately readable novels, this one with a twist that you have to read to believe.
In 1970, when 23 year old Willie Traynor took over the ownership of a small town newspaper in Tennessee, he reported the brutal rape and murder of a young widow, attacked in her own home and in front of her children. Before she died, she named Danny Padgitt, a member of a notorious local family as her attacker. At the end of his trial, Padgitt threatened revenge on any of the jurors who found him guilty and, when two of those jurors die as the result of foul play, feelings run high in the town. Willie befriends one of the jurors, Callie Ruffin, an articulate and religious black lady, mother os seven college professors, and one who would find difficulty in casting a "guilty" vote where it would involve the death sentence. Danny Padgitt IS found guilty but, because of the voting of the jurors, is sentenced to a life term which, in Tennessee in those days, meant that he would be released in about 10 years. Wilie settles down comfortably into the life of a small town dweller and dramatically increases the circulation of the newspaper, merging easily into the towns' collection of diverse and colourful characters. I'm sure that this could make a wonderful movie!
A Review of The Winter of Our Discontent by John SteinbeckThis is my favorite book by John Steinbeck. The life of Ethan Hawley, the main character, is simple and complex. He is a working-class man with a blue-blood lineage. In the small town in which he lives - his name rings of history and power - his ancestors were the founders of the village and basked in the glory of their status and wealth for many years. Not so for Ethan. He now lives in the shadow of his great name - no longer having the funds or status to support his legacy.The real story of this book, for me, however, was the clash between his status and the material wants/needs/demands of his family. This is the America conundrum - regardless of how well we do financially - there is always more stuff (bigger, faster, shinier, newer) waiting around the corner - contentment is elusive. Ethan is bombarded daily with the wants of his children - from the latest cereal they'd seen on TV to stories of the vacations their neighbors had recently taken - all followed with - "can we...?"  Of course Ethan wants to provide these things for his family - he simply doesn't have the means or the opportunity to do so.Then opportunity presents itself. To seize it, however, Ethan must trade his morals and ethics for profit. He takes advantage of a "friend" and profits greatly - enabling him to finally provide the many goodies his family has craved. We do not learn much about the family after the fact - the impact this action had on Ethan, on his relationships with his family or the community. We assume he profited and "lived happily ever after."The real question, posed by Steinbeck throughout this story is: What would you do to profit - to attain the American Dream? Is the cost worth it? Is the "dream" worth it?All of us are asked to do things in our jobs and in our daily living that challenge our personal morality or ethics. Corporations do many good things, but also, as economic engines, they often do things that are pro-business and anti-people: mass lay-offs, off shoring, out-sourcing, questionable environmental ethics, and manipulative tactics to gain position or market share. People are at the levers of these acts - people who must make decisions that are gut wrenching on a human-scale, but smart business and of great benefit to stock holders.Everyday, we purchase millions of dollars of products that are produced in factories that would violate every labor law we have here in the states - yet we are able to purchase it cheaply, which is helpful when one is on a limited budget.I guess I find it important to know, and understand, the complexity of a global world. There is much good, and much bad. Are we to simply accept the bad and strive for our own personal gain? Should we focus on those we help - our employees, stockholders and customers - and ignore those who may suffer as a result of our behavior? It seems that all human activity has some negative and positive outgrowth - perhaps the best we can do is the best we can do.This is, perhaps true on a global level - we can feel for the woman who worked to make the five-dollar t-shirts we are buying at Wal-Mart - but can we, individually, change this system? I don't know. To a large degree, I think, we are all individuals stuck in a monstrous-global economic machine that exists outside of any ethical or moral code. The name of the game is - profit. I am all for the free market - 100% - however, I do not like to see, nor do I celebrate and entity (private or public) that serves itself first, often at the expense of the individual. The Leviathan-state (or Corporation, or any organization) rarely benefits those it professes to serve.It seems much more complicated, however, on a personal level. The real question is: What would you do to your neighbor to attain the brass ring? That is what Steinbeck presented with perfect clarity - the dramatic change between the Puritanical culture that had passed and the new age of economic ambition and material want. The old Ethan held to the Golden Rule - Do Unto Others As You Would Have Them Do To You. The new Ethan held to the Gecko Rule - Do It To The Other Before They Do It To You.The future for such a culture seems bleak.This book is an excellent meditation on personal ethics. It is definitely worth a tumble.Peace & God Bless!
Book is amazing so far, a page turner just one chapter in.But the production of this paperback is ridiculously bad!The print is uneven, gritty, and thin, like a dot-matrix printer running out of ink.  Almost painful for my otherwise uncomplaining 35-year-old eyes.  Even the jacket is blurry!  They really cut some corners on this one.Penguin, if you can't be bothered to print this on a real press, just release it as an e-book already.
Joe Allston has wasted his life by regretting his past choices.  Did he do the right thing as a father? Did he choose the right career? Did he pick the correct life-partner? This all comes to a head as many of his acquaintances are dying from old age or disease, and his own body becomes progressively more decrepit.  Will anything change by revisiting the past with his wife?The writing is wonderfully realistic; you'll find yourself rooting for a happy "ending" for Joe and his wife.
Anyone who's ready to share their expertise on the plateform in small and large settings will find a wealth of resources in this book.If you're just getting started, Speak and Grow Rich will overwhelm you with revenue opportunities. What I suggest, as a veteran speaker, is that you have pad and paper by your side to list the numerous products you can realistically create to start your speaking career and boost sales.Every product mentioned in the book won't be beneficial for you, but the ones that link you with your audience will create untold revenue.I found myself skimming some of the chapters, and that's only because I've been speaking for more than 10 years, so I know and practice much of what the authors suggest. However, I poured over the details in chapters 3 and 9.The information on learning to craft contracts so that you make money from recordings and don't give away this intellectual property is priceless whether you're just starting or a long-time speaker. This tutorial was eloquently explained and not to be overlooked.Speak and Grow Rich will help you to trade in your stage fright for bountiful checks you can bank on.
This is a depiction of the world through the eyes of an autistic 15-year-old, Christopher Boone. Christopher's prose is simple and terse. He bluntly expresses his distaste for metaphors because to him metaphors are nothing more than sources for confusion. As a result the book is scant in adjectives, adverbs, and verbs, anything that might invite ambiguity. However you should not allow this simplicity in presentation fool you. Christopher's is a sophisticated mind -- he would be able to explain to you things varying from the characteristics of black holes to the exact scholastic names of obscure animal species (unusual nouns are abundant). What he abhors is the uncertain, the un-orderly. He requires definite algorithms to perform even the most basic of tasks, like finding a way to his mother's new flat in London.The breadth of emotion the author conveys through these simple sentences is astounding. For instance, was it not simple, abstract grievance Christopher felt when he encountered difficulties, discovered the truth about his parents? Readers are given the ultimate freedom to interpret, yet what we feel is nothing less than concrete. Deeply empathetic, and a well-deserving winner of the 2004 Whitbread prize in my humble opinion.
I agree with most here in praising this novel.  Despite some slow-going at points, one is rewarded by a spectacular finish. What else would you expect from the man who founded the creative writing department at Stanford and taught many other talented writers like, Ken Kesey, Edward Abbey, and many others?
Another Crimson Sky book club special.  &quot;The Catcher in the Rye&quot; was not taught at my high school.  It was replaced by &quot;The Lord of the Flies&quot; before I started my senior year.  No political reasons, we were encouraged to read it, I just never did.  Reading this book now in the wake of John Hinkley, Mark Chapman, and the Columbine teens, I searched for insight on why this book appeals to asocial young men.  Now I know why.I really enjoyed this novel and I feel it is an important book to read and discuss.  This novel is more than just a glimpse of teen angst.  It's a look into the alienation, depression, and delusions of an outsider.  The funny thing is that Holden has the potential and opportunity to be accepted but his choices and actions keep him back.  So the question is, how much of our own angst do we inflict on ourselves?  One of many questions, you can take from this book.  Definitely recommended for reading.  Absolutely recommended for discussion.
According to William Capodagli and Lynn Jackson, "This book tells the inside story of just how Disney's success was achieved -- not by epiphanic flashes of creative insight that produced a Pinocchio or a Dumbo, but by the force of a much-considered, carefully wrought process of managing innovation and creativity and by an adherence to a firmly established system of beliefs."  In his biography of Walt Disney also published in 2006, Neal Gabler explains that the company's management evolved over time, gradually adjusting to the increasing complexity of its operations that began with shorts, developed into animated feature films, and then added the first theme park prior to Disney's death. Its subsequent growth helps to explain many of the management systems that Capodagli and Jackson describe but it is also worth noting four themes continue to serve as "pillars": Dream, Believe, Dare, Do.The material is organized within 11 chapters, followed by an Epilogue in which the authors observe that the integration and interplay between and among the ten principles they have examined can be of substantial benefit to other companies. The "Dream, Believe, Dare, and Do Process" does indeed have all manner of potential applications for companies in industries wholly unrelated to entertainment. There must be dreams to believe in and courage to pursue those dreams. Those who share my high regard for this book are urged to check out Warren Bennis and Patricia Ward Biederman's Organizing Genius, one of whose chapters focuses on the Disney animation team that produced classic films such as Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Bambi, and Pinocchio.I realize that the Disney organization has become a vast global network of several "magic kingdoms" but the ten core principles continue to serve as its foundation:1. Give every member of your organization a chance to dream, and to tap into the creativity those dreams evoke and nourish. '2. Stand firm on your beliefs and principles. '3. Treat your customers like guests. '4. Support, empower, and reward employees. '5. Build long-term relationships with key suppliers and partners. '6- Dare to take calculated risks in order to bring innovative ideas to fruition. '7. Train extensively and constantly to nurture and strengthen the company's culture. '8. Align long-term vision with short-term execution of what achieves that vision. '9. Take full advantage of storyboarding techniques during brainstorming sessions to generate ideas that answer questions and solve problems. '10. Pay very close attention to every detail.However vast and diversified the Disney organization is today, all of these core principles are relevant to almost any other organization, whatever its size and nature may be. Those who share my high regard for this book are urged to read the aforementioned biography of Walk Disney as well as Capodagli and Jackson's Innovate the Pixar Way.
Frederick Forsyth is a master of the political thriller. His writing is extremely realistic and devoid of the goofy intelligence/military community hero-worship that Clancy dumps on his readers. I've probably read The Odessa File half a dozen times. On each occasion it's just as good as the first time I discovered it. I lived in Germany as Forsyth did, and his descriptions of the country are wonderful. Keep writing Mr. Forsyth!
I think that this is the best of the 13 books written in the series. A real page turner and highly recommended. It doesn't answer all the questions, but who knows, maybe a future book will.
A friend of mine loaned me this book because she thought I'd like it. I admit that I was reluctant to read it at first because I have never been a fan of books with time travel themes. I am glad I gave it a whirl. The Time Traveler's Wife isn't just a time travel novel -- it is a clever and unique love story that touched me to the core. Henry De Tamble suffers from a disorder in which he travels to the past or future, usually to relive or foresee an important time of his life. During some of his time travels, he recaptures the moment in which he meets his wife Clare and even sees bits and pieces of her childhood and how their life together will be like in the future. What transpires is a beautiful tale with various interesting twists.The Time Traveler's Wife is one of the most beautiful novels I have read. It has quite a clever science fiction-like element that is mixed with a rather particular love story. I like the moral of the story, and that's to enjoy the moment and treasure the one you're with. Henry and Clare are such great characters! I enjoyed reading about Henry's glimpses into Clare's childhood. The scenes are quite memorable. I must warn the potential reader that the time traveling might confuse them to the point of getting lost. It happened to me a few times. I was able to catch up, but only after rereading some of the chapters. Other than that, this novel is enthralling from beginning to end. I might just give other time-traveling books a whirl in the future. I cannot recommend this gem enough. I am so disappointed that I have to return this book to my friend. I will definitely get my own copy. This book is going to my "must reread" pile.
Buyer's beware: These "flash cards" are shaped like flashcards but really aren't flash cards. Both the front AND back of most cards are printed with material to be memorized and going through these cards is basically going through a text book.However, the content of these cards are very high yield. The subject is presented in a clear and concise manner. The authors do a wonderful job of breaking each subject down into smaller chunks that facilitate learning (especially the DNA salvage pathways). For purposes of studying for boards, these cards plus First Aid is all you need. I only used those resources for the test and ended up doing very very well on the boards (240+).
Great book to help you learn &#34;The Art of Public Speaking.&#34; It goes over multiple examples and techniques you need to know to understand how to write the best speech possible.
Sharon Kay Penman is such an incredible writer and I have enjoyed many of her books.  Finally I decided to read the De Quincy series and I was not disappointed.  I love anything to do with Eleanor of Aquitaine and de Quincy became her man.  Strongly attached to his duty to his Queen, this is a wonderful mystery with all the top players twisting and turning, the different colorful characters from all walks of life helping him solve the mystery of why a man was set upon and murdered.  I highly recommend the series and you will come to admire the loyalty of The Queen's Man.anniez
I read this book years ago (on a plane ride) and it has stayed with me as few other books have.  It cuts to the heart of something that is wrong with our culture, maybe with all of our civilization; specifically, I mean the habitual hypocrisy and the over-riding need to self-rationalize.  Of course, this theme has been treated before, but I have never seen it done with the simplicity and eloquence with which it is done here.The story is perfect somehow: a woman leaves her husband, a decent man (the narrator), for someone who is more powerful within the Catholic Church, the same Church that ostensibly preaches "blessed are those who are meek for they shall inherit the earth."  By focusing on these smaller acts of injustice and hypocrisy (rather than on the overwhelming horrors of Nazi Germany), Boll brings what happened in Germany into a focus that I had never seen before.When I hear George Bush talk about "spreading freedom" while suppressing  democracy at home or condemn "evil doers" while condoning torture, I think of this book.  It captures the emptiness at the heart of the mealy-mouthed pieties that afflict our civilization with a economy and grace that is unique.
I would recommend this book highly with two caveats- 1) the author abandons the mystery genre halfway through the novel. I think the book would have been better served if he had not taken the easier path 2) I question whether everything in the autistic mindset is so clearly rational and explicable. At times it seems the author's voice overrides that of the main character's.
It's hard to believe that there is anyone who has never been entertained by his "don't get no respect" line of jokes.Now, find out what the man behind the jokes is really like. Rodney,now 82,has spent over 70 years in making a life in show business.In this book he tells us of all the hopes,struggles,hardships,disappointments,and eventual success; that he and others go through making a life in show business.While overall Dangerfield's story has been a happy one;just think of all those who never experienced anything but heartache and obscurity for all their efforts.The book does a marvelous job of telling a story that covered over 70 years.It does not get bogged down in details and it is hard to put it down,once you pick it up.Personally,I read it in one day.The book has lots of photographs and there is at least one joke per page.There is so mugh negativity in the world and so much lack of respect that it was good to see that Dangerfield had none of that.The only thing he wanted to do was to make a go of it in the business.Despite all the obsticles he encountered;it's hard to believe he ever hated anyone.He just wanted to get along with everyone;and in the final analysis,he susceeded.Thanks for all the laughs you gave us over the years and may you enjoy many more years of happiness.
This book was truly inspiring.  Though Clinton already had many "inside" connections before ever running for President, this story is great at illustrating how someone can come from nothing but a mother's love and support to leader of the free world through hard work, commitment, and determination.  A book that should make us all reconsider our own attempts at public service.
Good short concise book with practice modules for beginners. I've used some of the examples while teaching students in class.
This is an unauthorized account of an e-commerce leviathan's rise from obscurity. So, if one is looking for a detailed business module or a blue print of its technology, look elsewhere, as this is not the book for you. What this book offers is a very interesting, well-organized narrative on the early, heady days of Amazon.com. when it was just an upstart internet  bookseller looking to make its mark big time, as well as a look at its founder, Jeff Bezos, painting a flattering and intriguing portrait of this now multi-billionaire.For its founder, Jeff Bezos, it was not, however,  just about the money. If that were the case, he would never have left his seven figure Wall Street job. For him, it  was about the opportunity to be on the ground floor of a business that would change the retailing community forever. Jeff Bezos, a true visionary, chose to take that challenge, and in doing so, he would forever change the dot.com world and the retailing community. The author, a business reporter for various publications, delineates just how it was that Jeff Bezos did so.This book offers up an interesting summary on how Jeff Bezos was able to take the online community by storm and upset the status quo. The author provides a biographical narrative on who Jeff Bezos is. It is grounded in the context of where he grew up, his schooling, as well as his early interests. It segues from his Ivy League educational underpinnings to his foray into the upper echelons of Wall Street, deriving the experience that he needed in order to take on the risky proposition of starting up his own dot.com company. It is clearly the story of a visionary and decision maker with heart.The book succinctly details the rise of Amazon.com as an e-commerce force with which to be reckoned.  It tracks its growth and change from an upstart, fledging, by- the-seat-of-its-pants-company to one that is now a staple of the popular lexicon. It superficially explores the philosophy of Jeff Bezos in terms of having his business "get big fast" and the technological, financial, and logistical hurdles that the business needed to overcome in order to do so. The author also keys in on the ability of Jeff Bezos to think out of the box, when so many business pundits said that what he sought to do could not be done.The overall texture of this book is enhanced by Information provided by those with some insider knowledge, such as those who knew Jeff Bezos, those who worked with him in those early halcyon days, rival "brick and mortar" executives, business analysts, and financiers, among others. This book, which is a look at a visionary and his company, details how that visionary was able to transform his company into a veritable cultural phenomenon unto itself.  Those who are devotees of Amazon will find this well-written book heady stuff, indeed, as it makes for absorbing reading.
I bought this book as a gift for my grandson as the message still resonates after all these years.  I have always loved this book and his pearls of wisdom.
Within 25 pages, alert readers will discover they are in the hands of a masterful writer.  Before reading this novel I had read McEwan's &quot;Amsterdam,&quot; an interesting and worthy book but far less engrossing than &quot;Atonement.&quot;The first thing that struck me in this novel was McEwan's absolutely convincing rendering of his characters' thought processes and sensibilities.  The narrative is presented from the perspective of at least four characters, and for two characters the level of knowledge about what is happening changes noticeably from one point in life to another.  This is very persuasively done.Quite apart from the dazzling success of the author in presenting an absorbing story and convincing characters is his ability to link the story to the nature and mechanics of writing fiction.  It is rare that this can be done in a way that would interest anyone other than a fiction writer, but in this novel McEwan succeeds in fascinating at least one reader who doesn't write fiction -- me.The novel contains a wealth of impressions and ideas to ponder, long after one has finished reading.  As someone who reads 25 - 35 old and new novels a year, I would place this novel near the very top of those written over the past quarter century.
I'll admit it-since I'm in high school, I'm really quite beyond the "9-12" age range this book targets. But "The Ballad of Lucy Whipple" is just such great fun that the "9-12" categorization should be completely ignored.Twelve-year-old Lucy Whipple is anything but happy. After her father and youngest sister die, Lucy's mother decides to move herself, Lucy, and siblings Butte, Sierra, and Prairie to a strange and savage Lucky Diggins, California that is right in the middle of the Gold Rush. Deprived of her grandparents, stability, books, and cleanliness, Lucy is desperate to return to her Massachusetts hometown and live with her grandparents. But then somehow, she begins to put down roots in Lucky Diggins, and it becomes more of a home to her than she ever thought possible..."The Ballad of Lucy Whipple" is as faultless of a so-called "children's book" as you're going to get. Readers will find a lively and interesting heroine in Lucy, and while they may not exactly sympathize with her martyr-like attitude at the book's beginning, they will certainly want to keep reading to find out exactly what happens to Lucy and her family. Humor, tragedy, and everyday life are always attention-keeping in this book; Karen Cushman does a first-rate job of incorporating history into the story-making the historical info seem part of the story rather than simply a boring aspect of the novel. Finally, a well-done and thought-provoking ending cap off Lucy's chronicle.In the same manner of her previous historical fiction ("Catherine Called Birdy" and "The Midwife's Apprentice"), Cushman effortlessly writes educational AND entertaining tales of ordinary girls in extraordinary times. This is historical fiction at its best.
Though it's just been a few months since I read this wonderful book, I find myself barely able to remember what actually happened in it.  I do remember actually laying in bed at night and crying during several passages, though, and thinking that it was one of the best things that I had read in a long time.  The fiction that I've been randomly pulling off my shelves has been really good to me this year.This is part of William Kennedy's multi-volume Albany Trilogy, which would now be better-named the Albany Cycle.  The subject matter didn't immediately speak to me, and sounded depressing (which it is).  A Depression-era man named Francis Phelan lives in Albany, New York who leaves his family in shame after accidentally dropping and killing his infant son, and has decided to live on the streets.  The rest of the novel is about meeting characters from his past, both alive and dead.  In fact, one of the major themes is summed up by Kennedy in the first extraordinarily beautiful paragraph of the book:"Riding up the winding road of Saint Agnes Cemetery in the back of the rattling old truck, Francis Phelan became aware that the dead, even more than the living, settled down in neighborhoods.  The truck was suddenly surrounded by fields of monuments and cenotaphs of kindred design and striking size, all guarding the privileged dead.  But the truck moved on and the limits of mere privilege became visible, for here now came the acres of truly prestigious death: illustrious men and women, captains of life without their diamonds, furs, carriages, and limousines, but buried in pomp and glory, vaulted in great tombs built like heavenly safe deposit boxes, or parts of the Acropolis.  And ah yes, here too, inevitably, came the flowing masses, row upon row of them under simple headstones and simpler crosses.  Here was the neighborhood of the Phelans."  I was unable to put it down after those few sentences.The dead have a life uniquely their own, which they sometimes use to haunt the living.  In fact, some of the major characters in the novel are dead.James Atlas has said that "his [Kennedy's] cycle of Albany novels is one of the great resurrections of place in our literature."  I can't help but agree.  Robert Towers, in the New York Times Book Review, said it's "a kind of fantasia on the strangeness of human destiny, on the mysterious ways in which a life can be transformed and sometimes redeemed."  Sometimes, despite all the mulling I do over what I read, I simply have to leave it to people who have the words - better words than I have, certainly.
The downside of being pugnacious and feisty is that people stop taking you seriously next time you jump into a scrap.  This seems to be what happened to this undeservedly neglected book by a great and feisty American writer.Known for bringing artistic beauty, dimensionality, and a golden aura of wisdom to his tough Chicago turf, Bellow here took the gloves off.  His University of Chicago Dean hero struggles with injustice and cynicism at its rawest, when he becomes engaged with the cavalier Chicago criminal justice system and its disgustingly casual response to the murder of a student.  Counterpoint is meaningfully provided by the death of an old relative behind the iron curtain, whom the Dean visits.  As in Lear, the subplot is no relief at all, merely stokes the flames of the main plot and brings Bellow's fury with the modern world to a white heat.  Thus we are denied mere sociological or political excuses for our modern mayhem; the focus is what has gone wrong with our hearts the world over.  Never has Bellow been more engaged or convincing.  Indeed Bellow sacrifices something of his usual high gloss artistic finish to this product in the process, perhaps intentionally and savagely.Yeah, he wants to stick it in your face and it shows.  This is doubtless what offends some readers.  Nevertheless it is a worthy response to having just received the Nobel Prize.  Most writers, American and otherwise, react by self-inflating to sanctimoniously gracious gas bags.  Saul knew who he was, however, and never let anyone fool him on that score.I cannot recommend the real life portraiture and painting that shines through this text highly enough.  It is entirely genuine, real, perfect,  matchlessly true.  I frankly know of no better Chicago novel.To be fair, however, I must warn you that the 2 respected readers I know, who read this one cover to cover, were almost viscerally angry afterwards for having done so.  Ultimately the experience only underscored to me the difficulties of succeeding in fiction, of making it that real.
The ideas will shake your thinking and make you take action. One of the coolest features is the SnapTag links to video clips which you can watch before each reading each chapter.
&quot;Jurassic Park&quot; is a great novel that I think ranks as one of Crichton's best.  It has the feel of a classic, one of those ideas where you say, &quot;Why didn't I think of that?&quot;  One might make the argument that the (human) characters take a back seat to the dinosaurs, but I don't believe this is the case- I found the characters to be well developed and interesting.  Crichton also seems to do the dinosaurs justice, as he seems to have done his homework on this subject, though I'm guessing some in the scientific community might say that he's taken a few liberties in speculating about some of the dinosaurs' characteristics.  But that's artistic license.  Overall, a highly entertaining and imaginative novel.  Avery Z. Conner, author of &quot;Fevers of the Mind&quot;.
I knew there was a secret to eating what and when; in terms of my work outs. I was a greenhorn and needed some guidance and this book helped me to understand the basics. Since then, I have learned  more and things change constantly regarding nutrition and exercise. The book is older and there is more current information out there.With that sad. The author (who has since passed away) was a very good at explaining the basics. She spoke in basic terms and I got it.  Had she lived. I am sure she would have been in the mix of the current nutition and exercise phase. It was her passion and it comes thru in the books. I read them both.
Mintz's book is a bit hard to understand because he approaches the history of sugar from an intensely anthropological perspective.  Basically, he studies the meaning associated with sugar (especially in England) during its centuries-long journey across time and economic class.  Sugar began as an upper-class commodity. To have sugar displayed one's wealth and status. It was even endowed with magical and medicinal properties.  Through colonialism, however, sugar was supplied to England cheaply and it became an daily part of the lower class English diet. It lost its high-status connotations and became a common day product.  Mintz also studies the meanings sugar had in literature and speech, and even its effects today.  This book is a worthwhile endeavor, and for anthropology, actually almost a fun read.
You will just feel good reading this book. It gives a good foundation for thought and consideration. You will discover how important open spaces are to a good life...on the range or in the city. Make it a slow read, there is so much more to it than one can imagine. Also try A Match to the Heart...she was struck by lightning and came back...a long and tough recovery, but she made it.
I read Dickens' A Christmas Carol over the holiday.  It was free to download on Kindle. Sadly, I don't believe I've ever read it before.  I remember Great Expectations from high school (also free on Kindle), but honestly don't ever remember reading A Christmas Carol.  It's another one of those classics I blame my teachers for cheating me on back when I should have been reading it, but a small town high school curriculum spent too much time on Shakespeare instead.All of us know the story.  It's Christmas tradition, right?  If you tried, you could probably tell a decent version of it out loud to the children at your Christmas party and do a pretty good job at it. First published in 1843, it's been a part of our American lives for a long time. Like I said before, it's tradition.  Most of us know it from the big screen. If not the 1951 black and white version (also available colorized), you definitely saw the 1984 version with George C. Scott. The Muppets did it. Even Bill Murray spoofed it in 1988, a good spoof which is a classic in itself from the 80s.Community theatre groups have also embraced it and made it tradition on the stage.  I was almost in a musical version myself back in high school, but it got canceled for some reason.  I was cast in dual roles, one that I don't remember, but I was also going to be the Ghost of Christmas Future and I remember the director obsessing over how I should point. When I lived in Memphis, I went to see the annual production of it at Theatre Memphis. My point is, and I do have one, is how many of us can honestly say we first learned the timeless tale from the book itself.  I know I didn't.It's like a really good memory that we embellish year after year for whatever reason, until sooner or later we forget how it actually happened. We're so numb to it.  We've received more pleasure telling it our way, so why rediscover how it actually began, how it actually went, or what the truth is.That's exactly why I wanted to read it. It's there.  Scrooge. Marley. Tiny Tim. The ghosts. All there. As I read, my brain played it out just like seeing it on the big screen, even some of the dialogue (including "God bless us, everyone!") was right there on the page. So, what does this tell us?  Throughout history, we haven't changed it much.  We've at least stayed true to it, not counting the Bill Murray version of course. I tried - very hard - not to picture versions of the characters I knew from the movies.Honestly, it's not very good writing in most places.  Dickens loves to list things in order to describe them, like opening the thesaurus searching for a better word and deciding to just use them all.  Case in point, when the Ghost of Christmas Present arrives he is sitting on a throne made from food.  Dickens names almost every food there is.  I'm paraphrasing here but it was a throne of ham, sausage, turkey, chicken, grapes, apples, bananas, oranges, pies, custards, puddings, bread, muffins, cakes, Reeses Peanut Butter Cups, M&Ms;, Yoplait Yogurt, Froot Loops, Candy Bars.... and this isn't the only place he does it.  The children were happy, glad, gleeful, joyful, cheerful... bleggh! Some of the lists take up half a page or more!It was kind of like reading Shakespeare for the first time, be it Romeo and Juliet or Hamlet or whatever you read in high school, and your getting it.  You are comprehending it okay, enough to know what it's about.  But your really having to dig through the muck to find the parts that make sense.  But overall, in the end, it does make sense. You found yourself scheming through it or focusing your attention elsewhere during parts, at least until you got to something you could understand.  I didn't scheme through any of Christmas Carol - I read every damn word of it - but believe me, there were parts where I found myself slowly drifting off and thinking about something else.In the end, I felt no different than when I did before I read it.  A sense of accomplishment?  Perhaps.  Now I can at least say I've read it.  I know the truth, although everything I knew before wasn't much different.  I want to question what makes this a classic, but I already know the answer.Time.So...I don't have much more to say about it.  God bless us everyone!
In this collection of short stories by PG Wodehouse is one Jeeves story. The others are quite an unexpected pleasure to read. I enjoyed this fine collection and as my copy was free felt it a good couple of day's entertainment.
Simply the greatest American novel ever written, which can only be rivaled by Nabokov's Lolita.Steinbeck captured the voice of the American people, in despair and in hope.  A social commentary to be read again and again, as it is as relevant in its observations today, as when it was written, some 70 odd years ago.
this book helps you to continue to have the strenght to look for a better situation no matter what , because how can you ask for something no matter what  it is and at the same time doubt that you will ever recieve it , it show's how your belief's can work against you ,if you dont have faith in the fact that you are working toward something better(always) you have to believe that , no one else isn't becasuse they themselve don't have to!, but is  that how most inventor's invented something wonderful.They could see it , if no one could see it, they brought it into existence so the whole world could see it and touch it in some form or fashion it manifested into the real world , The book the Magic in believing
I love this Harry book and i think it's just as good as the original Harry book. Harry gets himself in trouble at the beach and the results are hilarious. Lots of fun!
The Last Girl is another excellent offering from Jane Casey. It contains a puzzling murder, excellent development of multiple characters, a complicated romance, and plot threads carrying from previous books to this one and on to the next book without disrupting the flow of the current book. Well written and engaging, I recommended the Maeve Kerrigan series to anyone who likes a good police procedural or British mystery.
Great novel and covers the spirit of the times .Well written and a fast read.Highlights the lack of cultural understanding and historical knowledge but the Americans when they first came to Viet nam post Korea.
I don't usually write glowing reviews for just any book.  However, this one deserves huge applause.  The story is luscious; much knowledge about different parts of the world and the customs/cultures is contained therein, and it details some very interesting medical conditions and the treatments conducted in different parts of the world.  Above all, it is a lovely story of a family cobbled together by dreadful circumstances and tragedy.  If you like fluffy romances or mysteries, don't bother picking it up.  If you like stories about real people and their struggles to survive in the world, then this book should keep you riveted until the last triumphant page.
My boss gave me this book as I had to prepare a PowerPoint presentation for a major client. I thought "oh great, just what I need, another book telling me how to make PowerPoints.  Whatever!"So I started paging through the book and decided maybe that this is a little different after all. And next thing I knew, I went through the first two chapters devouring every word!Conclusion? This book is not just about PowerPoints, far from it. This book is about presenting and selling: whether you are presenting a product or presenting yourself. For example, most people don't know how to go about asking for a raise. Why? Because they walk into their boss's office saying "I want a raise or I'll quit" or "I want a raise because I'm expecting a child soon" or "I want a raise because Herbert is making more money that I do and we do the same job!"And of course, this leads to confrontation, and you end up getting either a little or no raise.But the book points out that whatever you do in life, you are constantly making presentations. Whether the presentation is for your customer, your  boss, your wife, or your colleagues, you need to convince them to do something for you. And the simplest way to get them to act on your presentation is to tell them how they will benefit from doing what you want them to do.For example, you are going to make a presentation on some new electronic widgets and gizmos your company makes. You spend hours telling your customer the features of the widgets and gizmos but in the end the customer walks away without ever intending to buy your product. WHY? Because you neglected to tell them the benefits. If you had told them how the widgets and gizmos would make their job easier, used less electricity, etc., then they may have made the move to buy the product. SELL THE BENEFITS NOT THE FEATURES!So, the book tells you how to make your presentation into a story that will move the audience (e.g. customer, boss, spouse, etc.) rather than having a presentation that drolls on giving the audience fact after fact, feature after feature, with no clear beginning and no clear ending.I finished this book in a weekend and radically altered the presentation I had to give to my client. My presentation was well received and my company ended up with the contract we were seeking.To put this in Ebay's terms, I give this book an A++++++++++
Galbraith's book is short and to the point. The book is ideal for someone that would like to learn about speculative bubbles without having to spend a lot of time reading through a larger book. With some dry humor he starts off with The Tulip Mania in Holland and ends with the 1987 crash on Wall Street. Galbraith has a unusual writing style, but does a good job of showing the common characteristic of all bubbles. I cannot over emphasize that this small book will show you the fatal flaws of bubble dynamics and their aftermath,in which the authorities and public search for scapegoat's and reason's for the bubble popping. Any reason will do as long as it is external of the market and the public remains blameless. Galbraith makes this point several times. A easy to read book that will be good for quick and future reference.
This is a thriller about finding a book and the people who want it so bad they might, what? That is a mystery too. I am a fan of Lev Grossman (well, a short term one as this is his second book) and enjoyed it very much. It is not deep but at the same time it is not shallow either. I learned a lot about the book &#34;game&#34;. Antiques mostly. You can also find out what a Codex is. I won't tell.
If you are planning on buying a cruiser sailboat under 26 feet in length, you really must buy this book. This is not a book you start at the front and read your way through to the end. You will buy a boat one at a time so you are ultimately interested in one boat, but you have to narrow it down. Start at chapter 8, What to Consider When Buying a Small Cruising Sailboat, and determine the characteristics of the sailboat you want to own.  In Chapter 9, One Hundred Choices for the Best Small Cruiser, you can then select a boat from one of eight categories: Cruiser for a Family of Four, Around-the-Buoys-Racing, Easy Ramp-Launching and Trailering, Single-Masted Character Boats, Cruisers for a Couple, Bluewater Cruisers, High-End Cruisers, and Two-Masted Character Boats. Some of the boats in these lists did not have extensive production runs so could be hard to find. If you are specifically interested in bluewater boats because you want to sail across oceans, you should also buy the book by John Vigor, Twenty Small Sailboats to Take You Anywhere. Then buy the books written by Lin & Larry Pardey. If you buy only one of the Pardey's books, get Storm Tactics Handbook. It's almost an adventure book because it takes you though the history of how they learned to survive comfortably under very adverse weather conditions.
This embodies the true meaning of "a classic". It is an amazing story about a troubled youth which is both captivating and insightful.
This is not Grisham's best work but is a good read.  I thought it was a bit too &quot;politically correct&quot; and in that same light not very realistic (a bit too idealistic).  I can't give it 5 stars but it still  outclasses most of the competition.
This was a required text for my Photography 101 class and well worth the price ($20 less here than at the college book store). This book covers all the basics of photography tog et you started and the information is clearly illustrated by accompanying photos. This will be one I'll definitely be keeping as a reference.
I love the question/ answers format. I use it regularly for reviewing the subject. It is also helpful for exam study and review.I purchase the Kindle version of it and it is much more easier to navigate. Again it is not textbook for pharmacology this will not help if you do not your material before-hand
Well, I guess all the John Grisham fans might find this story so totally outside his usual genre, that they won't like it, but I really enjoyed it. It's a cute, funny story that left me laughing, feeling good and even plotting how to pull it off, successfully!Skipping Christmas, when considered immediately after the Holiday, is a very attractive concept! And, of course I can see all the mistakes Luther and Nora Krank made. Maybe, just maybe, it can be done.The story starts a little slow and seems a bit repetetive for the first half of the book, but come Christmas Eve, the action (and the laughs) pick up considerably. It all sounds so simple at first. Luther's and Nora's daughter is off to the far lands for Christmas and for the first time, they will have the Holiday to themselves. Under the emotional stress of this big change, Luther, an accountant, can't sleep and decides to total up the costs of last Christmas. $6100!  What a waste! The genius latches onto the notion that the whole thing can be done without and Nora gets taken in by the idea. Unfortunately, neighbors, Boy Scouts, merchants, and miscellaneous other charities, business associates and friends, see this as more of a personal insult than a great idea! The pressure builds. Every day brings some new test to the Kranks' resolve. But Luther is determined to get on that cruise boat, if it costs him every relationship he has. The deeper he digs in his heels the funnier it gets.Skipping Christmas is clever, witty and the way it both appeals and repels is really interesting. It was a good read!
book deserved a good rating. it is full of excellent information about some of the explorations of powell, interesting photos and other facts on the western area of the u.s.like the idea of life outdoors,the rugged wilderness, the variety of food cooked on the trips of this western explorer, all make for a good narrative.
And his way of weaving a story together about something as horrendous as this, in a time so different from now, just kept me coming back for more the whole time.
While bond investing is not an &#34;edge of the seat&#34; topic, this book has been a very valuable addition to my Kindle library.  It is far more than a general overview into the bond market, plus gives you great direction to other resources.  After reading it cover to cover, I now find myself constantly referring back to it.  There is so much misinformation in the media lately regarding the bond market - the content in this book will give you the firm foundation you need to weed through it all.  This book has prevented me from making some big mistakes - and I have to echo all the strong recommendations.  If you need to buy one book on the bond market - buy this one.  The book is surprisingly readable and is very well organized for later use as a  reference.
This book was given to me as a gift while I was in college. Immediately, the words within it resonated as true and started helping establish my true identity. It pointed me in the direction that I needed to go, and provided me the tools to get there.Of course, not everyone is ready for this book, but I think that all should give it a try.This book is based is the research of the world's most successful people, and subtly speaks to the immutable laws of the universe -- and how we can control them.
This story is wonderful. Out of all the books I have read, only three have brought me to tears, this being one of them. It is sad, but it is also uplifting. There are many things written in this book that will make you think about your own life. A handful of the sentences, being so powerful, I will never forget. I will admit that I found the begining to be slow, but the person who suggested this book to me told me that this book would be one that I would not regret reading, and I do not. So if you are reading and you find the begining slow, keep reading, it is worth it. And now looking back, I realize that the begining had to be the way it was because it gave time for the relationships to build between characters in the book and between myself and the characters. (And if you are wondering what other books brought me to tears, they were A Thousand Splendid Suns and A Same Kind of Different as Me.) Happy reading!
Referring to this novella, as a variant is in no way meant to detract from the work, or suggest that it is lacking in originality. The two other works Steinbeck's book "The Pearl" is sometimes linked to, add to the reading experience, and reinforce the transcendence of its message."The Pearl Of Great Price" from a parable in the Gospel of Matthew, attempts to teach with the same jewel from the sea. Mr. Steinbeck was also a great reader of medieval texts, and one of these morality plays was in the form of a poem written in the 14th Century, entitled "Pearl" although the Author is unknown. These three works are separated by millennia, but their commentary on the human condition is consistent.Mr. Steinbeck wrote this after his triumph "The Grapes Of Wrath". The work was a monumental bestseller, it brought The Pulitzer Prize to the Author, and was rapidly made into a movie that is a classic in it's own right. Superficially one could argue Mr. Steinbeck achieved all that a writer might conceivably want, fame, fortune, and critical recognition.Unfortunately, like his work, often when you feel something good is about to happen, a positive change for his characters that have struggled, and fought to survive, he slams you face down on bedrock's reality. The acclaim for his work brought him great discomfort as well. He was labeled a socialist, a communist, an agitator, and became the focus of FBI attention, and not because they liked his book. He viewed and detested the treatment the racism toward Mexicans in Southern California, and witnessed the so-called "Zoot Suit Riots" that resulted."The Pearl" might be called the lottery if it was written today. The ticket that vaults a person from the troubles of day-to-day life, and is thought to leave them "set for life" all too often is a quick financial ride up and a crash back down.Sudden wealth when thrust upon a person, changes the person, and everyone around them. All their reference points, their friends, and all that their lives have not prepared them for, surround, threaten, and many times destroy them.This book is very brief, but it communicates as much as a novel 10 times its length. The ending is brilliant, tragic, and redemptive. It is a story that few could write, and even fewer could make work. The emotional scenes he brings the reader to are at times almost violent in there reading. And then with a turn of phrase he can change the mood time and time again.A wonderful novella from an Author known for sweeping sagas.
I read "Night" a few years ago and before I finished the book I swore to myself that I would visit Auschwitz to maybe get a glimpse into what Wiesel witnessed.  This summer I was able to take a guided tour from Krakow in hopes of having some of my questions answered.That is what "Night" does to the reader, it leaves him/her with many questions.  Most of these questions are not easy ones.  They are questions about fear, human nature, obedience, and the power of propaganda.Reading "Night" and then seeing things firsthand really affected me.  I have become more sensitive to others because of Wiesel's story.The most important idea that Wiesel imparts in his book is that "there is danger in indifference."  Many of us are everyday witnesses to the horrors of the world and do nothing; we say nothing.---Michael James D'Amato, author of "The Classroom"
great book for teaching basic math to returning or older students..it is concise and to the point.  Not expensive for students to purchase.
"Cutting consciousness down to size", the subtitle of this book, states its objective: to try to identify how much we are that which we are conscious of. Or, differently stated, "Am I only my conscious self?", or, "Am I also me when I'm acting unconsciously?" And how important is conscience anyway?Norretranders begins with physics, specifically the Second Law of Thermodynamics and its imaginary solution, "Maxwell's Demon", a fictional entity which, in a bicameral chamber, selects and separates slow from fast molecules, so avoiding entropy. This example is used to show that something very similar happens with information. Maxwell's Demon can't exist because it would accumulate too much information, and getting rid of that excess would be thermodynamically too expensive. The hardest thing, then, is not how to accumulate information, but how to get rid of it. Building up from that principle, theories of communication were developed (not the sociological or psychological aspects, but the physical, related to transmission by telegraph or telephone). Information - communication - is therefore somewhere between two extremes: order and chaos, within the wide spectrum of complexity. So, what's important in an expression is not how much information it contains, but how much information it has discarded. This, what the author calls exformation, are the data which have been processed and discarded before something is said (by whatever means). Counterintuitively, then, it turns out that the more information, the closer to entropy, and viceversa.Our senses receive approximately 11 million bits per second, but our consciousness processes only between 16 and 40. This means that we are conscious of only an infinitesimal fraction of what happens (to us). Our minds process a lot of information about which we will never be conscious. So we are a little ridiculous: we think we control our behavior and expressions when in reality our consciousness governs a small part of what we are and project. Advanced neurological studies have reached a disturbing conclusion: there seems to be a half-second delay between what we do and the conscious record of it, in that order: first we do it, then we think it. Apparently, the mind performs a retroactive adjustment of time's perception, which reverts its order and gives us the illusion that first we think and then we do. Our consciousness, then, is only the superficial manifestation of deep and complex mental processes.Even more: human beings weren't always conscious. Apparently, the consciousness phenomenon developed about 3,000 years ago. But it has come to be so powerful and dominant that today we reject the idea that we are anything else beyond our conscious perception. This, says Norretranders, is very harmful. To limit ourselves to the "conscious" (that is to say, the "scientific") is to lose a big part of the universe and of ourselves: we should value again the non-conscious, the intuitive, the sensual and the sacred. There's only one problem with this: yes, when great artists are performing, they're letting their unconscious self act; when murderers are stabbing or rapists raping, they're doing the same.This book deserves a reflection and perhaps a re-reading. Unfortunately, it contains much information but its message is at the same time concise and problematic. Undoubtedly, it is an excellent essay on consciousness, with scientific background that looks very solid. In any case, it is an eye-opener, revealing, provocative and more than interesting. Disturbing and liberating at the same time.
The Time Traveler's Wife is a unique story about a wife and her husband, who finds himself disappearing into different times, both past and future, with no warning of when this is about to occur.  While the premise of this novel may seem a bit disconcerting to some, it is  a wonderful story that is as finely crafted as a Faberge' egg, each tiny piece fitting perfectly and unexpectedly together to form an exclusive work of beauty and eloquence.It is a story of a timeless love, a strong love and the sacrifice endured with patience and understanding that make that love an everlasting bond.
This is an excellent novella. It's a thin book, but not a quick  read. You should read carefully and savor the beautiful passages and the exquisite details. This book carries a great literary observation of both the beautiful and the ugly, each written with equal accuracy.It's essentially about a Polish father whose mental health is rapidly deteriorating. But, of course, the story is not that simple.I'll quote one part I think properly exemplifies his writing: "Sometimes at night, the Demiurge would appear at the bedroom window, bathed in the dark purple glare of Bengal fire, but it only looked for a moment benevolently on my sleeping father whose melodious snoring seemed to wander far into the unknown regions of the world of sleep."Bruno Schulz seems to go relatively unrecognized amongst US mainstream literati, but he should never be overlooked. He was one of the great contributors to European literature.Certainly worth the Amazon price of about $9.00.This is the only of Schultz's pieces I've read, but I look forward to reading more.
I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. The language, the imagery, and particularly the relationships that developed as the stories progressed.And the translation was a pleasure too. Just one mistranslation that I recall: complimentary breakfast, which should probably have been complementary breakfast. Otherwise, there were many uses of idiomatic English that made it seem written in English. Only the author's name and the Japanese names of the characters indicated otherwise. Unless you count what might be a Japanese sensibility regarding relationships, which tended to be gentle and evolving, rather than conflicting and stuck.
Donna Leon simply is a mesmerizing writer. No other author--and some do comeclose--approaches her today in terms of suspense, characterization, plotdevelopment, and social significance.  In &quot;Sea of Troubles,&quot; she continues herexceptional level of excellence.  I could hardly wait for this edition (it's not availablefor some incredible reason in the States!)to arrive.Guido Brunetti has his hands full, once more.  Two men (a father and his son) arefound murdered in a sunken fishing boat in the waters off Pelligrina.  However, thevillagers close ranks and are in no hurry to cooperate with the police.  Enjoining theservices of Signorina Ellatra, Brunetti begins a painful, plodding investigation.With this type of story, Leon is quite good--and she never lets up on theenvironmental issues (&quot;Don't eat the shellfish!&quot;).Her murderers don't come as surprises in the final pages, as Leon doesn't use thisdevice; instead, she depends upon the brilliant thinking of Brunetti and his team tobring the guilty, whom we know early enough,  to  bear.  This is not to say that &quot;Seaof Troubles&quot; doesn't contain great suspense--it does.  And Leon, who clearly is inlove with Venice, captains this book in the best of traditions. Lucky she has GuidoBrunetti and his staff and family as crew members.  Don't miss this one!  (Billyjhobbs@tyler.net)
My wife specifically requested this book as a present.  She was delighted to receive it and told me later that she very much enjoyed reading it.
This is  very well-wrapped tale by a very clever Salman Rushdie. I really enjoy his sense of humor and also right & wrong.
This is a great book that puts you in a position to see how a soldier lived his daily life in World War One. It shows much emotion in a very soft and dreamy way yet within the reality of a cold, hard and fatal war. It follows a soldier who is naive yet learns his way through his war and touches the heart through his perception of the mysterious paths that he crosses. As his experience grows he finds the good and bad in his journey and he expresses much of what a soldier may feel in his youth. It is a sentimental walk in and out of war and a genuine look at a soldiers life in one of the most historic and important times.
Finnegans Wake places the act of reading in crisis. One cannot so much "read" this novel as study it, or at best re-read it. The most pleasing surprise of FW is that spread out among passages that are difficult and abstruse there are other passages that are surprisingly beautiful in their lyrical quality. When one comes across such passages, we realize that FW is a typological work, a landscape that quickly changes (really a seascape, since the transformations are more like bodies of water flowing into other bodies of water). For the casual reader, not interested in parsing every pun and allusion, this is the best way to approach this novel. Read it and allow yourself to flow with the stream of language. Understand that nothing exists but language here, that the language has no REAL representation, and amazing things being to happen.  The very act of reading is transformed.
Like a good mystery only at the last pages do you realize how profound a loss Doc has suffered.  The characters were as colorful as the birthday quilt . They came alive and their antics made you laugh out loud.  For a classic.  An easy read yet full of layers to think about.
Nice reference delivered free at a lower price. Nice deal. I bought other books and will update through Amazon once a year
I have used this book over the years in my history classes to help my students gain a better understanding of the suffering of the concentration camp victims.  A great read.
This is certainly one of the best books on public speaking I've read. The only other work that deserves special mention is Jack Valenti's Speak Up with Confidence. Walters gives surefire tips and techniques that are recipe for a successful presentation that may inspire for years.Her crisp advice on the main requirements of a speech of &quot;passion and compassion with a purpose&quot; is very potent and often leaps off my mind each time I prepare to instruct or make a speech. Walters has carefully drawn from the &quot;secrets&quot; of public speaking pros and concocted them into a surefire formula for success. What's more, her anecdotes and quotes are both entertaining and memorable.I found myself a better speaker even after reading and applying steps 1 and 2. Wait till I conquer step 11! Thank you Lilly Walters for an absolutely inspiring and terrific book.
Excellent book on candlestick charting. It covers all the basics a trader needs and some further patterns that are not as common.
I'm not going to give a run down of the whole book like others. I simply want to say that this book is a great book! While reading you get a since of what its really like to be in her shoes. There are no quotation marks to differentiate when she is speaking to somebody and when she is narrating, but that is explained in the end, which was a big twist and great surprise for me! It left me wanting to know more, what happened next? I grabbed this book up while it was free and am so glad I did! I've been introduced to a new author and some very exciting new reads!
I'm so glad Jack Whyte has picked Publius Varrus as our narrator again. I grew quite fond of Varrus in the Skystone. Varrus'journal picks up where we left off in the first book.Rome is pulling out of Briton just as Caius predicted. The colony is growing along with Caius and Varrus'private,illegal army and fort. Caius' son, Picus, is advancing in rank in the Roman army.The Seneca family is still looking for Varrus to punish him for his crimes against them. The Celts and the Romans are coming together for the birth of the first true Britons.Excalibur is born.If you enjoyed all the battles,weapons,politics and religion in the first of the Camulod Chronicles, you won't be disappointed here. The story remains &quot;real&quot; while blending the myth of the Authurian legend within these pages.
Another great Bones book, though nothing like the show the attention to detail and hard science mixed with the distant emotion of one who has to deal with death; whether it be hours or years to get justice for the victims not just the  unnamed makes it always a worthwhile read.
The author himself has lots of personality problems. You can read his book to get an insight of the 3rd and 4th year. Beyond that, there is nothing that you will learn from him. I certainly hope that you won't learn anything about how he deals and sees the world.He is very pompous. I am really glad that he didn't chose to actually practice medicine. He will make a bad doctor, and I doubt that he won't have lots of lawsuits piled up against him. With his personality, he won't go far. He can't take criticism.He likes to say bad things about those people who taught him without positive proves. For example, he wrote "an immigrant physician who happened to be a superb if slightly pompous neurologist." I don't know where he came up with the "pompous" conclusion, because he did not explain further. First of all, everyone should respect his own teaching doctor. Second, even if the doctor was, this is not a book for it. It is simply rude to call someone pompous in a book, which people of generations later can still read.And he is very self centered. "Hardly anybody I worked with at the hospital even knew I had written a book, much less one that was considered to be quite good." He obviously has an egoistic problem. We all know that anyone has some money can publish a book easily. Why is it necessary that everyone should pay attention to his book nomination, which "would ceremoniously not receive the award in the science category? It is even funny that he wrote, "Ceremoniously not receive." It means that his book was not good at all.This guy likes to show off, and he doesn't even know it. "It was not usual for me to scoop the residents, or even the other medical students in this type of exercise, so I felt good." I don't see the big deal of giving a correct answer when all others fail. Everyone does that once in a while.I have taken some time to digest the whole book page by page. If you are interested, email me, I will show you.
For those who view this page to see what books other than Outlander that Diana Gabaldon wrote, look somewhere else.  This is Outlander but published under a different name in Britain.  Since it wasn't stated anywhere, I thought I might clarify it.  I loved Outlander so I gave it 5 stars, though 4 1/2 might be more correct.
i really like this cookbook for the creative recipes however i found that the method written for recipes is a little long winded and not so practical. read through recipes first and see how you can multi task otherwise they are fairly time consuming to cook.
The author makes his every word count. This is a very short book, which is long on well thought out advice. He does his readers a real service by conveying to us his very insightful analysis of what makes an outstanding TED talk outstanding. Of course, few of us will be delivering aTED talk in our life-time, but what makes for a successful TED talk obtains for any public presentation.Reading this volume is an excellent investment of time for anyone wanting to improve their speaking delivery.
As a 20-something, I find it fascinating to read or hear about the lives of gay men during the last century.  Picano weaves an intricate tale of the two cousins Roger and Alistair, about how their lives intersected at pivotal points in our shared gay history.  I especially enjoyed the scenes set on Fire Island - though only a generation removed, the fun they depicted seems from another world.  I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to learn more about the glbt movement in the latter half of the 20th century, and how remaining loyal and diligent to friendships can make a difference in our lives.
Reading the praise for this book actually made me less inclined to read it.  Another unmasking of the banality of the suburbs and the bland conformity of the 50s didn't strike me as particularly appealing or necessary.  Both of those things have been unmasked so often that I wonder why anyone bothers with either; there's nothing left to expose.The choice of target is also a little unfair: first, hypocrisy and small-mindedness are not localized in the suburbs to the extent that authors and filmmakers seem to think.  If a writer deliberately populates his story with caricatured materialistic bourgeois, then he shouldn't expect it to be a legitimate criticism of the age.  In any case, if an audience can separate themselves too easily from the people being described, the book has no sting - like American Beauty had no sting.  A real work of art should hurt a little.But Revolutionary Road was not what I expected from the reviews.  Yates knows all of the pitfalls of the standard send-up of the middle class: the main characters in his story are not the usual suburban types, but people who consider themselves better than the dull people in their neighborhood; they mock the people that we, as readers, are so used to mocking, and become our surrogates.The real theme of this book is much deeper, and it transcends the era and even the plot of the book: what do people do when they are intelligent and spirited enough not to be satisfied with the conformity and blandness of their surroundings, but lack the drive to ever escape mediocrity, because they are, fundamentally, much more a part of their environment than they imagine?The tragedy of this book is the discovery that you are, after all, perhaps not as extraordinary as you thought - and that has sting, because all of us, at some time, have thought that we were a bit better than the people around us, and most of us have realized with horror (although the realization doesn't always stick around) that we aren't as different, as far above them, as we thought.  Many of the moments in this book stick with you because they remind you of those moments when you came face to face with your own mediocrity, and challenges you to either be honest with yourself about what you are, or try sincerely to fulfill the ambitions that you have pursued so halfheartedly until now.It's a hard lesson to deal with: I can tell why this book didn't sell.  The writing, by the way, is beautiful; scene after scene springs effortlessly to life, and you can't tell how much skill is involved until you go back and read it again.I remember reading once that Yates - against the advice of his publishers - called this book Revolutionary Road because it seemed to him that the promise of the nation was petering out in the 50s, that the ambition and hope that had marked its founding had slowly led to a dead-end of uninspired and uninspiring prosperity (for some people, at least) - that the end of the revolutionary road had been reached.This is overstated, and Yates's vision often seems to me unaccountably dark, as if he was blind to everything but his thesis.  Something about his outlook is right, though; the problem with the society isn't necessarily that it's hypocritical or conformist or mediocre, but that it produces people with such a horrible gap between aspiration and capacity - it gives them the leisure and intelligence to want a fuller life while robbing them of the backbone to get it.
Got it on time.  Got it at the right price.  Got it in great condition.  Who can ask for more?  Except for the fact that, despite having read literally tens of thousands of books over the years, this remains my # 1 favorite.
Don't know but I was told it was a good read as to Bamford's take,  Purchased for someone in the security field.
The two things I like the best about this book... 1.  Compared to other books that touch on science fiction (ESPECIALLY time travel!), this is a book that has amazing amounts of coherence.  So many of time travel books melt into incoherent gobblygook once people start skipping around.  2.  At its heart, it's not really a time travel book at all.  It is a book commenting on modern day love and modern philosophy of life.  The book made me think, that is the best compliment I can ever give a novel.
The Bird is HM's fattest novel in terms of sheer size, but also in complexity and strangeness. It also has much more 'real' life in it than most of his other fiction, definitely more 'history'. None other of HM's books deals with war so explicitly and in such graphic detail. The other story lines, apart from war memories, cover the present day disappearances of cat and wife (the Amazon description above is wrong, the main character has not lost his job, he has given it up, which is not an unimportant trait of his character) and the oddities of assorted female characters, some with Mediterranean island names, i.e. Malta and Creta. Also the family history and current shenanigans of a very strange politician with sinister habits and motives. The narrator, 'Mr.Wind-Up Bird', has a problem to leave a trace in the world, his assertiveness level is low, his vision of himself is lacking in conviction. He searches for it in deep wells. Figures. The world was not made for him.Japan is an island, by the way, literally (or rather several of those). HM writes about it from a perspective with one leg outside. He is unusually international. That may help to explain his international success (as does his brillance), but it also explains some of his problems in the home market. I am not able to follow the Japanese public, of course, but I heard through 3rd parties that HM is not without headwind at home. I assume that must be largely caused by his international appeal and habits.Fascinating. Unfortunately I have now read all that is available in English by HM. The next one comes out in May 07 only. Should I learn Japanese in the meantime?One remark on literary relatives. The usual references to Kafka are a bit tiring and not really to the point. Similarly, the relationship with so-called magical realism is quite limited. One could with equal justification mention Nabokov an ancestor. I think the most interesting similarity is the one with David Lynch's movies. Has that been explored by somebody?
but from the insights, sentiments, thought, and vision of an adequate individual, loyal to his own experience of value."The main thesis of this volume - the last and longest of the MASKS OF GOD series -  holds that the distinguishing feature of the mythology of the Western world concerns the spiritual quest of an individual characterized not in respect to a social order but to that individual's own uniqueness and experience; and that this mythology grew out of a personal kind of love (amor), which is really quite different from the impersonal love (eros and agape) of the ancients and of the East. The central part of the book concerns a detailed discussion of two German epics of the last twelfth and early thirteenth centuries: TRISTAN by Gottfried von Strasburg and PARZIVAL by Wolfram von Eschenbach. These two works are a kind pivot point. By  way of background, the author notes the subversive currents of the Middle Ages by citing, in particular, artwork of the mystical and pagan traditions, which in their celebration of Nature were a strong counterpoint to the authoritarian religion of the times. Then, on the other side leading to the present day, the author notes the break up of the old geocentric cosmology of the ancients by the findings of modern science and what effects this revolution in viewpoint has had on myth.In the midst of some very horrific events, such as the Albigensian Crusade, in which the Church asserted it's power with a brutality not often surpassed in mankind's history of cruelty, certain parts of Europe in the twelfth century - like southern France and southern Germany - were roused by troubedours with poetry and song. The author notes that this outburst is truly a break with the past. Marriage is now not considered something exclusively preordained, as to be determined for the good of a social order, but that persons are actually free to choose whom they love. This realization through poetry and song elevates the status of women, and also brings about an emphasis on free will, which had not been there before. From the power of women to choose, there is born this idea of the noble heart, of one who has to prove that he is worthy through trial and perseverance. The author uses the Tristan legend to illustrate these themes, and also the Parzival legend to illustrate the quest of the noble heart, which becomes the quest for the Holy Grail.The Grail quest involves a personal adventure on a path not previously taken, through the thickest part of the forest, into unknown territory. In tracing back through Arthurian legend to old Briton in the early sixth century, there are different strands, Celtic and Christian, that develop through a long period of oral transmission. In Wolfram's version, the guiding light for this adventure is not from without but within,"what the mystics call the Inner Voice", and all the standard or established guides are inapplicable because they do not point to the individual's own unique way. The Grail takes on the meaning of the "supreme spiritual value". The author contrasts this kind of "nature-rooted" orientation with the Biblically based way of the sinful being, separated from nature, with no choice but to turn to the social order and its sacraments, the only validated path to salvation, as every inner directed effort is considered valueless.
Guy Cohen takes a very casual and informative approach in this book.  While options trading is an intimidating and daunting subject, Cohen does an excellent job making the reader feel comfortable with the material.The book provides a solid introduction to options trading.  It also touches on quite a few related subjects - macroeconomic factors (which I found excellent - crisp and informative), fundamental and technical analysis, trading and investment psychology, etc., which provides the reader with a more holistic view on trading.  While the primer on technical analysis is relatively short, Cohen provides several links to other references on the subject.  He stresses that this book is NOT enough to cover the advanced topics, which are pretty crucial to understand before one starts trading seriously.I feel that this is the case with most of the chapters.  They provide a solid introduction, but not many details.  For example, I found the chapter on Greeks, which describes how the worth of your position is affected by various variables, to be somewhat incomplete and fuzzy.  The chapter on fundamental analysis, while interesting, is completely unnecessary for this book - and feels out of place.  The other "fuzzy" chapters on trading and investment psychology, setting strict rules, etc. are geared toward beginners and repeat a lot of obvious things, which frankly don't belong in a book about an advanced subject like options.That said, the book does a good job introducing the reader to a few semi-advanced options trading strategies.  Cohen discusses collars, synthetic calls, covered calls, bull call spreads, bull put spreads, straddles and strangles, and butterflies and condors.  For each one, he explains the risk and reward profile and how the position is affected by Greeks.  Cohen also provides a lot of graphs and illustrations, even if some are overly simplistic and unnecessary.The appendix features a nice strategy table with lots and lots of options trading strategies.  It would be great to see more in-depth discussion of each one, but, again, this book is geared toward beginners, and there are limitations to the material that can be covered.There are a couple small errors in the Second Edition, 7th Printing of the book.  On p. 139, Diagram 5.1 shows an incorrect diagram for a synthetic call, and p. 161 shows the same erroneous chart.  However, I got in touch with Mr. Cohen, and he assured me that this has already been corrected.  It's great when an author is so responsive about his/her writing, I always feel that makes a book better.One major missing component in this book is the pricing of options.  Cohen never really explains how one should tell whether certain options are over- or under-priced.  In the Greeks chapter, he describes the variables that go into option pricing (via Black-Scholes), but he doesn't go into much detail.  In my opinion, a more in-depth discussion of option pricing would be very useful.  While this is a complex topic, and perhaps there is no need to go into all details of the Black-Scholes model, I think Cohen can at least point the reader to some calculators or reference materials.  This is an important component of options trading.In conclusion, I recommend this book to anyone who has not had any exposure to options.  Cohen makes an easy-to-read introduction that, while not necessarily making you completely ready to go trade options, can get you started on the right path.Pros:+ easy to read, even about this daunting subject+ covers many broad investment topics+ good, in-depth discussion of risk/reward profiles for several strategies+ excellent summaries at the end of each chapter: "major learning points"+ many, many examples from Cohen's trading experienceCons:- some of the topics don't belong and can be skipped- not enough on option pricing, Greeks chapter could use more detail- some diagrams are overly simplistic and unnecessary
A rather strange but compelling medieval tale of witchcraft, politics and more.  Winterson is a terrific storyteller who is a pleasure to read
Mr. Geary has produced a wonderfully comprehensive guide to Java Swing, patiently explaining the advantages and disadvantages of each component, along with the theory behind Swing's framework.Every piece of software was written to solve a problem.  If a programmer really wants to understand the limitations (i.e. how to use it effectively) of software, he/she must understand the problem it was developed to solve.  Mr. Geary goes the extra step in his book to give the theory/history/reasoning behind Swing, as well as, providing examples you can actually use in your code.  Congratulations on an outstanding job!!
This is a stunning book, which echoes in many ways one of my all-time favorite novels, L. P. Hartley's The Go Between.Both works unveil the catastrophic consequences of a cross-class sexual passion, and both paint the story through the eyes of a child (in Atonement, a 13 year old girl, and in The Go-Between, a twelve year old boy).  Both works present the events through the eyes of an adult reflecting on incidents that happened decades earlier.  And both account the life-shattering impacts of simple twists of fate.I'm an avid fan of Ian McEwan's work, and this novel is a huge step forward for him.  I was thoroughly drawn into the world he creates here.  The scope of this story is magnificent.  He dives deeply, profoundly, and beautifully into "simple" events of British aristocratic life, and, in contrast, paints a moving portrait of the horrors of WW II by detailing a few human survival dramas.Unlike some reviewers here, I love the structure of the novel and found nothing boring in the introduction.  I understand the frustration about the conclusion; still a romantic after all these years, I would have preferred a "happy ending."  I think that the choice McEwan made fits the character of the protagonist/antagonist, Briony, and aligns with the theme of "atonement."It is rare that a novel can envelop you, draw you in, move you, and leave you changed.  I have not stopped thinking about this story and these characters for days.  I keep thinking "if only..." and wishing that fate had been kinder to certain characters (and crueler to others).  For me, this is the impact of a great novel.I strongly recommend this book.  And if you enjoy Atonement, then try reading The Go-Between, which is also a spectacular film with Julie Christie and Alan Bates.
There are so many practical tips in this book it can help anybody be a better presenter. I've already used a number of suggestions with very good results. I highly recommend it.
I use this as part of my trading formula, it's not the whole package; but mastery of each element is essential. Great book, highly recommended. Steve Nison also came out with a trading seminar DVD, which is worth watching as well.
A short, easy to read primer on Islam by the West's leading authority on the subject.  Lewis's approach is scholarly, so you find facts, not unsubstantiated rantings on either side of the topic.  The focus of the book is on Middle Eastern Islam, not on that of Asia, so if that's what you're looking for, look elsewhere.  The book is a great springboard to other more comprehensive works by the same author.
Wow! this is a lot more than what I expected ! This book is FULL of info and history!!!! I'm actually reading it for a 2nd time now - I know there are LOTS of things I missed the first time! There are quotes and images, historical facts and life lessons... I love it!The book was mentioned by Life Coach, Beverley Barnes, as a great step to better understanding our choices in careers and making a living. She was SO right when she recommended this one!Be prepared for a BIG book and BIG info - there 's a lot. Let it sink in too ! I've actually made myself a little notebook as I read with this one!a great buy and great read for anyone with questions about their life path and career.
This book has been very helpful with regard to problems with the digestive system, especially if you have a compromised immune system.  The digestive tract is the answer to many health problems.
Thinking about growing rich and fruitful is something we can all daydream about!  While we can never get enough financial advice in a day, Think and grow rich is a book that everyone should have in their home.  It should be read often and enjoyed too!  A read for all ages!Financial Purity
`The Mask of Command' by military historian par excellence, John Keegan is, like his classic `The Face of Battle' an analysis of a particular aspect of military history by a careful study and analysis of four great exemplars. In the earlier work, the exemplars were three famous battles. In this work, the exemplars are four great generals. The first thing that strikes one as we read the table of contents is his choice of military commanders. Alexander the Great and the Duke of Wellington are obvious. The other two, Ulysses S. Grant and Adolph Hitler, are quite surprising. Grant is often pictured as an average or even poor general, always in the shadow of Robert E. Lee. Hitler is generally pictured as a really bad strategist, forcing his generals to make all sorts of ill-advised moves. The fact is, Grant was exactly the kind of general the Union army needed after its long string of true incompetents and Hitler, especially early in the war, made several brilliant strategic decisions. The point of Keegan's picking these four figures is to fit his titular premise that command always involves some public mask the commander presents to their troops.Keegan's treatment of Alexander brings us non-historians in for some surprises, in that he shared some uncomfortable similarities with Adolf Hitler in his willingness to slaughtering conquered populations and Keegan's claim that Alexander destroyed much and created very little in his short life. This may be something of a surprise when we reflect on, for example, the great library in a city he founded, Alexandria, Egypt, but I believe that was all done by the Ptolmey dynasty created by one of Alexander's generals, to whom the conquests were parceled out at Alexander's death.Alexander is the model of the great hero as commander. Alexander's behavior in battle clearly reflected his belief that he was kin to the Olympian gods, through Heracles. He literally gave up direction of his troops from afar to wade into the thickest of hand to hand combat and dispatch as many enemies he could reach, with total faith in his own invincibility.The Duke of Wellington, especially at the battle of Waterloo, is presented as the anti-hero. Oddly, while Wellington, Arthur Wellesley, does not himself shoulder a rifle or wield a saber, he is remarkably involved in the minute to minute contact with the enemy, as he wanders back and forth along the most active two (2) miles of front, doling out reserves with a fine touch and the situation changes from minute to minute.Ulysses S. Grant is examined as the exemplar of the `unheroic' commander, brought to command by that most unusual method (in the mid-19th century), the professional military school education given by West Point. Unlike all the major European powers who granted command commissions on the basis of title or social rank, the United States granted its most important command positions on the basis of professional education, a very unheroic origin.Adolph Hitler is the model of the false heroic commander. To begin, Keegan makes the case that Hitler always thought of himself as a military figure, starting with his service in the Austrian army in the First World War. Anyone familiar with the German army during World War II will not have any trouble recognizing that Hitler was the true overall commander of the German land forces, through his creation of the OKW (Oberkommando Der Wehrmacht) which superseded the previous leadership of the famous German General Staff system created by Prussia after the embarrassing send-down by Napoleon's armies.Keegan's bookends to these four exemplars are chapters of pre-heroic and post-heroic leadership. The pre-heroic leadership may be a bit conjectural to us, as it is based in the archeology of the dim past. Post-heroic leadership is all too familiar to us all. Since this book was published in 1987, it does not reflect the great shift in the world order brought about by the collapse of Soviet communism and the `Eastern Block' and the rise of militant extremism. One must wonder what Keegan would make of terrorist commanders today.And yet, there is a very important secondary strain in the book's argument that is eminently important today. That is the great Clauswitz dictum that warfare is an extension of political action when other means fail. A corollary of that dictum is that when combat is contemplated, the most important calculus is whether the projected cost in money, lives, and political popularity are worth the anticipated results. One immediately thinks about the relative costs and benefits of two recent American actions, Vietnam and the war in Iraq, and wonder about whether the commanders in those cases properly calculated the costs and benefits of our entering these conflicts, versus the costs and outcomes of continuing with diplomacy.Like `The Face of Battle', the primary virtue of this book is that it gives us tools to analyze other historical situations, such as the lives and careers of the likes of Caesar, Napoleon, Frederick the Great, and George W. Bush.A very important book!
What a little treat! I stumbled upon this book at a used book store and thought it was a full length novel. Imagine my surprise when I found out that there are actually 11 stories included! If anyone has read 'Pursuit' by Heyer (easily found on the internet) and enjoyed it, then you'll love these stories too.Briefly-1) Pistols For Two -best friends duel2) A Clandestine Affair -two guardians try to prevent elopement3) Bath Miss -gentleman escorts school-room miss home4) Pink Domino -brother tries to protect sister from fortune hunter5) A Husband For Fanny -widow tries to match daughter with older Marquess6) To Have The Honor -poor cousin refuses to offer for rich cousin, doesn't want to seem like fortune hunter7) Night At The Inn -strange things are happening at the inn8) The Duel -sister seeks brothers foe to call off duel9) Hazard -woman is won at a card game, only thing is gentleman is betrothed10) Snow Drift- woman must get to grandfathers house to 'win' inheritance11) Full Moon -gentleman stumbles upon another who is preparing to leave for Gretna GreenMy favorite is A Husband For Fanny and A Clandestine Affair, but I won't tell you why! No spoilers. If you like any of Heyers books then get these little condensed stories. Although they may not be as good as the full length novels, they're worth a read.
THE WOMEN'S MURDER CLUB IS ALWAYS AN EXCITING READ.  I ENJOYED THIS AND FOUND THE PLOT ORIGINAL.  GOOD STUFF.  GREAT TO CUDDLE UP WITH
I'm working my way through the book, getting familiar with my new tablet.  It's very easy to understand and a big help when I practice playing with my new toy.
Such human tragedy - Somerset Maugham writes about loss, addictions, close relationships.  Maugham writes a superb novel. I I bought the book years back.
The two coeds who have already reviewed this book are not aware of what printed gold they possess, judging by their reviews. This book is one they should carry with them throughout their working lives. Their biggest career mistake might be selling it back to the bookstore.If they were here I would tell them how perfectly unproductive and boring it has been to have sat through hundreds of hours of boring presentations, training, and absolutely worthless, time-consuming meetings. The only bright side to such agony is that they have provided me with income, training people how to correct these limitations.This book, editions 2 and 3 were the core of my experience learning communication skills. My first purchase was in 1983 or 4. (The 2nd edition was stolen).  The book is divided into four parts: 1) Basics of Business and Professional Communication, 2) Personal Skills, 3) Working in Groups, 4) Making Effective Presentations. These parts covered many neglected skills such interviewing skills, from which I learned to teach interviewer skills and perhaps the most important of all, listening skills. The book also covers problem solving, conflict management, negotiation, and other essential skill-building topics. The last four chapters on presentation skills were the start point for my thesis. I can only imagine how much better the 10th edition is!I highly recommend that you purchase this if you feel you are not effective at making presentations, running meetings, listening, or interviewing. I highly recommend this book if you feel you are effective at making presentations, running meetings, listening or interviewing. Many employees confided to me how badly their boss needed the training, while their boss told me that his employees needed the training!This book is not just for students; it is also for the person already in business. It is also for those who think they won't need it. Studies show that even blue-collar workers will make some form of presentation at least four times in their lives according to the author.Buy it, and treat it like an heirloom.P. S. Professor Adler might not be happy at my adding this, but he is also accessible and his suggestions have been helpful. (That was before the Internet).
i read a lot of books on pnl,psychology,quantum f, even the so called phychoisms(operation mind fok..).this is if you got it, a book you could read it without being manipulete,brainwhasing,or conditinong to a indoctination,such as pnl,religion,or anything that govern want you to believe is true.you dont have to pay 3000usdollars on pnl talkings, this is the book on sellings,that use sellings as a cover to show you that you can wake up to reality and see that you only do your reality,not the way THEY talk, that only THEY undertand;this is a good book to begin going out of the matrix....
I read a number of the 1, 2, and 3 star reviews - It seems to me that most of those reviewer did NOT GET that simple, basic premise of this book - &#34;SATIRE&#34; - Boyle even makes light of himself - being a &#34;GREEN&#34; 60's Hippy - This book is well written, entertaining and has a message that is still relevant twenty years after it was written - SURE these are &#34;STEREOTYPES&#34; - that's the POINT - so Wake-Up & enjoy this great novel.
This book was very helpful, and I am now in the process of determining which foods my body just does not like.  I never realized the reactions to food could be so different from person to person. very enlightening
This has really been a benefit in our homeschool signing class. It allows us to look up any new word we need, as well as cross check words from other books, as some signs tend to vary by region.
There isn't much to type about DeLillo's work that hasn't been typed; by now, you should already know the deal on White Noise.It is a satiric look at the consumerism of American society through a very postmodern lens.  Make no mistake, this is surreal writing.  You can relate to some of the characters, but in any full, deep sense of the way like you could with a book of more traditional style.  In White Noise, the characters are mere products of society, purposefully built up to be spiritually empty and mentally limited.DeLillo's narrator is Jack Gladney, and ends up being the sole voice in the novel, an intentional device to monotonize the speech of the characters in the book and fully illustrate the dulling effect (DeLillo says) consumerism has on people.  Philosophy is spouted not just from adults but from EVERYONE except the child, Wilder (an important detail) and it echoes throughout the prose.  The chatter of faxes, radios and televisions pervades the text, creating a veritable literary prosopopoeia of the Title.One should know going in, however, the DeLillo's prejudices are as numerous as his influences, and anyone who is easily offended by alternative takes on American society better get ready to be offended.  Just like Pynchon, DeLillo is intent on deconstructing the idea of any sort of unified national, historical or existential persona, and the sarcasm he thrusts at concepts and norms that we are so familiar with and perhaps attached to will easily instigate anger in many.Still, no one can deny the depth of this novel's architecture and the breadth of its commentary.  I don't care if you hate intellectualism to death or if you call all postmodern authors writers of pretentious, turgid tripe--there is absolutely no denying that DeLillo's work here is complex, original and worthy of praise.(...)If you hate postmodernism, fine.  It's not everyone's cup of tea.  Maybe you'll like White Noise's commentary, maybe you'll hate it.  It's not everyone's cup of tea.  But a potent cup it is, rich, dark and complex in its nuances and sources.  Hate it all you want, White Noise is a (at times coldly) intellectual tour-de-force of satire and commentary.But don't worry; it's no Gravity's Rainbow.
Paul Merriman is a compassionate and intelligent individual. He really WANTS people to succeed with their investments and he gives nitty gritty, detailed advice how to do it. He's a numbers guy who trusts university studies and the guys who do them. He applies what they've learned to how you should allocate your assets in a sane and balanced manner. Pie charts abound in his pages. This is no get rich quick secret way to make a million. If anything, it's a very OPEN way of preserving the million (or much less) that you already have, and making a reasonable return on it. The only reason I give four stars is because I bought the Kindle version and the charts don't show up well at all. BUT if you go to the Merriman website, you can find all those charts plus much more at the bottom of each page under RESOURCES. ([...] Incidentally, Paul is no longer affiliated with the company he founded, but they still use his stuff on the website. We can all be grateful for that access!
This is a very good book (for intermediate to advanced traders) about options and the impact volatility has on strategies with straight forward simple approach. There are pieces of little math, required to understand the edge with options, though. The book provided me with some good ideas and unique insights as well as sharpened my understanding of volatility and the impact that increases and decreases in volatility have on option prices and values.
How many children become adults fulfilling a childhood dream by visiting remote places?Bruce Chatwin, driven by memories of his grandfather's strange artifact, takes us with him tothe farthest reaches of South America.  His travels in that mysterious realm result in thismasterfully done account of journeys in Patagonia - southern Argentina and Chile.  It's not anexaggeration to praise this work as the first to supplement Darwin's.  Both sought fossils,although Chatwin's pursuit is rather more specific.  Both described the land, the people andevents in the most captivating and readable manner.  A rare treasure in travel literature, thisbook is a timeless treasure.Patagonia has been a haven for many European nationalities besides the Spanish.  British,Welsh, Scots and the Germans have found refuge and opportunities here.  Chatwinencounters a wide spectrum of the inhabitants.  By touring on foot, bus and horse, as well asobtaining the occasional lift, he is able to garner intense impressions.  Lacing the account ofwhat he observes with numerous piquant historical side notes, he imparts the place alongwith the spirit of the residents.  The history varies as the land itself.  Rising from the Atlanticacross a vast plain until reaching the rising slopes of the &quot;back&quot; of the Andes, Patagonia offersincredible vistas and diversity.  Decades of building immense rancheros and farms have beenpunctuated by social and political upheavals.  Chatwin recounts the lives of many of therebels and how they impacted the pampas scene.  His literary capacity seems as vast as theterritory.  We even encounter The Ancient Mariner.  There are no dull moments in this book.Chatwin's presents a more knowledgeable view in discussing aboriginal people than that ofmost travel writers.  There's nothing patronizing in his tone as he tries to address their plight.&quot;Tries to&quot; because European intrusion has left so little for researchers of indigenous cultures toaddress.  He cites the expressive terms in the Yamana language to point out how culturallyinept the colonizing powers have been.  We learn to use the term &quot;primitive&quot; with caution.Millennia of residence gained the original peoples skills the Europeans disparaged, often totheir regret.  It's becoming a familiar story, made sadder at the realization the loss of culturesswept away by colonization.At the end, his original quest brings him to a cave visited by Charley Milward, wrecked ship'scaptain.  He cannot replace the artifact Milward left in Chatwin's grandmother's house, butthere is other compensation.  That the quest isn't a failure adds further lustre to an incrediblejourney.  But what Chatwin has gained is as nothing compared to what he's given us.  Thisbook will remain a classic for years to come.
Let me start by saying I usually enjoy MK (Morgan Kaufmann) books because they address relevant computing topics and usually do end up inspiring innovation.Heterogeneous Computing with OpenCL is designed to teach OpenCL and parallel programming for a variety of applicable architectures.  The book starts with an introduction to parallel programming.  The intro is high-level, but readers of this book should already have some knowledge of concurrency and parallel programming.  Next is an introduction to OpenCL, an "open" heterogeneous programming framework.  I found this chapter particularly useful (as someone who was unfamiliar with OpenCL at the time of reading) and well-summarized.  The four abstraction models inherent in OpenCL are discussed, along with examples.The next chapter gets into OpenCL device architectures.  This chapter reads like a computer science text that you might find assigned to an upper level parallel programming course.  Reading this chapter should be a review for CompSci majors, computer engineers or others who have kept current with industry architectures and how they impact implementation.Chapter 4 is all about OpenCL examples.  This is an excellent primer, including some common parallel algorithms.  Chapter 5 dives in deeper, providing some insight into OpenCL's concurrency and execution model.  Consistency, concurrency and synchronization are discussed with ample examples.  Chapter 6 dissects an AMD Phenom II X6 implementation, followed by a Radeon HD6970 GPU implementation.  This is a great chapter for showing how to map OpenCL to a specific architecture, and why you may do so.Chapter 7 is a case study involving the OpenCL convolution kernel.  This is a dense chapter, and is intended for advanced users of OpenCL.  Chapter 8 provides another case study, this time on the OpenVideo Decode API, followed by another case study in Chapter 9 on specific optimizations for a memory bound kernel (an image histogram operation).  Next up is a mixed size particle simulation, which was of interest to me as an innovation inspiration.The next chapters deal with OpenCL extensions and debugging, respectively.  Of specific mention is APP Profiler and KernelAnalyzer.  The book wraps up with an early implementation of WebCL as a FireFox extension.This book is not intended to cover every example or use case for OpenCL implementation.  It does provide a very thorough overview of OpenCL, followed by some relevant information on parallel programming and thinking in parallel (which I don't personally find easy to do).  The examples are intended for you to project them onto your own problem space or to serve as inspiration for using OpenCL with your own applications.  Like all MK books I have read, this one leaves you motivated and wanting to get out and use OpenCL.
Abraham Verghese is a very talented author. I only wish he was more prolific. I have told most of the book clubs in Houston that our club voted his book the best we have ever read. since his Cutting For Stone came out. I met him in Sun Valley at the Writers Conference about the time his book had been published..He was dynamite frpm the beginning. Perhaps he is not ready to continue his writing or this is all for him. .
It is always a delight to pick up any book by Canadian author Pierre Berton, and a particular pleasure to see what is debatably the finest of his more than twenty volumes, Arctic Grail, back in print.  Though reliably thorough in research, Berton's forte is that he puts the humanity into historiography, and never more so than in this comprehensive study of the fevered searches for the fabled northwest passage and the obsessive race to be the first at the top of the world.Covering such a broad reach of space and time, the story of the laborious charting of the vast blank space of the Arctic could have been as numbing for the reader's mind as the endless ice was for the participants' feet.  However Berton is a master narrator who can paint a canvas that is large enough for fluent narration, but is not afraid to slow the pace when figures and events demand a more precise account.  An evocative description of the first strange encounter between Commander John Ross and Lieutenant William Edward Parry -"resplendent in cocked hats, tailcoats, and white gloves, swords dangling from their waists, the points of the buckled shoes that once trod the parquet floors of Mayfair sinking into the soft snow"- and a bemused audience of fur-muffled Eskimos, grips the reader from the first page of chapter one, setting the stage for a procession of equally vivid characters and events.Quite properly, particular attention is paid to the unfolding tragedy of the Franklin expedition and the aftermath of the total disappearance of two ships and 129 men, but other dramatis personae are brought equally to life: Barrow the visionary, fastidious, obstinate Parry, Ross and his near-paranoia, resourceful Amundsen, and a particular favorite of mine, Robert Peary, who regarded the Arctic almost as private property, displaying the territoriality of a tomcat - to mention just a few.The re-publication of this fine book is a great opportunity to fill the gap in the bookshelves of those not fortunate enough to own it already.  Highly recommended for maritime history enthusiasts and those interested in exploration, and for anyone intrigued by the lengths that humans will go in the face of remarkable challenges.
Although changes in the media have always challenged public relations professionals to stay up-to-date, individual PR practitioners' credibility and solid relationships still define their success. This means that tech advocates may be somewhat overstating when they claim that "Social Media" outlets will radically alter public relations, though they certainly add many more tools to the mix. Even if Brian Solis and Deirdre Breakenridge tend to inflate the extent of the digital revolution, their book is helpful and worth reading. You'll have to be comfortable with some Web-jargon to understand their tech-centric thinking, but PR professionals do need to know how to make the most of social media - blogs, social networking sites, "micromedia" and the like - and how to best channel its unquestionable potential and impact. For that purpose, getAbstract recommends this handy overview. In terms of details, its most hands-on, useful section is the appendix of social media links.
Paul Auster's novel offers a haunting picture of a devastated society with all its miseries and struggles for survival. It is highly reminiscent of George Orwell's &quot;Nineteen Eighty-Four&quot; and although Paul Auster's novel is also set in the future, it is a chilling reflection of contemporary social reality. It is a short, sustained masterpiece, truly unforgettable.
Not only does Jon Turk provide the reader with an excellent account of what early man accomplished through his trip from ancient Japan to the Americas, he provides an excellent view of the current economic situation in eastern Siberia.  Everyone interested in current world economy, as well as those seeking answers regarding the arrival of humans in the Americas should read this book.
If you are interested in hiking and camping or traveling through the Desert then this is a very good book. I found it very useful in my treks to the Desert.
A good account of the terrible events of My Lai, a bit lacking in detail and feel probablydue to the long gap between event and book writing.Very good read.
Please, I am getting so sick of the Beatles.It is 2005, enough is enough.  Let's but the Beatles to bed already.
The diversity of the world is represented by the very real and honest characters who live near the vacant, trash-filled lot that soon becomes a mecca of collaboration, peace, and beauty in this novel.  There are 13 chapters to this book, each narrated in the first person by a different character who somehow finds some answer to his/her life's needs through the transformation of a simple garden.  You will appreciate the honesty of each character, from the son who sees his father become a greedy liar to the man who understands that sometimes we are responsible for our own segregation.  You will love seeing the emotional growth in a Korean woman who is recouperating from a life of tragedy, and your heart will be touched by Curtis who is trying to make amends for his past decisions.  What is most impressive is that Fleischman is able to tell this delightful tale in such a way that the reader feels as if they're in on a secret--as if we know how the lives of the characters connect in a way that they do not understand themselves.  If you like this clever novel, you will also enjoy Paul Fleischman's Whirligig, which has a similar affect on the reader.  I recommend this book to young readers (6th grade+) as well as adults.
The old saying goes: 'Forecasting the future is easy, It's being right that's hard.' Is this book going to help you to be right more often. MAYBE.There are a bunch of reports generated on a regular basis by a bunch of people, there are a lot of people who then look at these reports and make projections as to what the markets are going to do. If you understand what generates the reports, and if you can get the report at the same time everyone else gets it, and if you can then analyze it in the same way that they do, then maybe you can make some decisions that will lead you to a profit.The trouble comes when you see that something is up nicely, but the market has predicted that it would have gone up more and so views this as a bad sign.In this book Mr. Baumohl does a supurb job of listing the available indicators, describing what they use as input data, and gives some clues as to what these indicators might be predicting. A warning though. Just as you think you understand what indicators are driving the hot shots of the market, the next show you see or report you read will have the experts all of a sudden referring to some other indicator.Great job of explaining what the experts already know -- good luck.
With more than 15 years in software engineering (I am MCSD since Visual Basic 6), this book was the most clever decision to introduce me in the object-oriented world during the change to Microsoft .NET (I'm also MCSD in .NET).I read twice the second edition of this book and these days I finished the third reading of the third edition. This book is one of my favorites. As another reviewer said, the author continuously repeat himself. But remember: this is an educational book, where the repetitions are very helpful to maintain the flow of discussion. The GRASP patterns/principles are a very useful learning tool. (Don't pay attention of the useless discussion on semantic...patterns or principles).The best thing --far for the excellent UML, GRASP and Design Patterns, OOA and OOD covering-- it's the road-map it draws from requirement analysis to code. The UP artifacts then make real sense, because they're no documents or drawings to pile in a drawer, but meaningful inputs to the next step. I implemented this model (requirement analysis with use cases, domain modeling, system sequence diagrams, operation contracts, static and dynamic design models, applying GRASP and design pattern,...) in several projects with success and satisfaction that I know what is happening through the whole process and which artifact to deliver to make code running. I also delivered lectures and coaching using it.No object oriented programmer can't miss the value of this resource. Excellent work and tool!
If you enjoy a good crime story you will like this book.  And if you like a bit of history you will enjoy it even more.
"Java A Beginner's Guide" takes you through the language of no Java knowledge to what you need to know to start learning about libraries. It covers the core language and can be used to learn Java 5, 6 or 7. The book assumes you are new to the C++ family so parts are slow going if you already know those parts. The author does point out what is different from C++ for those with that background.I liked the mix of text, explained code and "try this" exercises. Each chapter ends with a self test to test your knowledge. The author does a good job not dumbing things down for the reader while making it easy to follow. It even covers recursion.The author usually explains when he does something differently than one would in the real world. There were a few cases where he didn't - not using "com... in a package name", using get_pwr as a naming convention and using StringBuffer over StringBuilder (in this case the text was probably old.)Overall, I liked this book better than the Deitel book for a programmer new to Java.---Disclosure: I received a copy of this book from the publisher in exchange for writing this review on behalf of CodeRanch.
It was a pleasure to read this book,written in such a simple, crisp style and yet conveys the gravity of emotions between mother and son flawlessly with beautiful prose, subtle expressions, quiet reflections and profound discoveries.  This is a true classic.
Surprisingly slim volume, but the correspondence reproduced is very enjoyable.  The witty and upfront American gradually breaking down the cool British reserve is a pleasure to read.  I felt an authorial comment on the situation at the time may have added to the experience.  The correspondence covers the years 1949-1969, but little reference is made to happenings in the wider world: e.g. Suez crisis, the assassination of JFK, the Profumo affair, moon landings.  Did they not enquire into each other's experiences of these events, or were they edited out?
These Dan Gutman sports books are perfect for middle school age kids. My 11 year old used to hate reading, but since he started these books he went through 3 and 1/2 books in the last month. I'm so happy to find an author that reaches out to middle school boys- a hard group to get to love reading.
Reading previous reviews about this prolix, physical, sensuous novel -Roth struck me as one of the few American writers who can speak about sex by means of allusions only without producing near-porn and neverthless manage to be enourmouly enticing- I'm struck by the inability of some American readers to grasp the novel's main point.Coleman Silk, the novel's hero, is on one side, an entirely questionable character - an African American who has decided to make good in Academe by faking himself an alternate life as Jewish; on the other side, he's the prototypical all-American hero - the youngster who has decided to make good solely on his own. It's not his decisions, in themselves, that are "bad"; it's the _context_ in which they are set that makes makes them to appear as so. Now, this is the stuff of which tragedy, according to Aristotle, was made of: a person like any other making a normal, "good" - but neverthless flawed-  decision that unfolds consequences that turn entirely for the bad. In order to be understood, Silks needs to be set against his historical milieu - therefore to understand the nature of his tragedy is to understand the nature of the general tragedy of the American Dream - something I fear some of the novel's readers are unwilling to cope with. Those who want to cope with it, however, may be sure they shall have a superb novel in their hands with which they shall not easily able to set aside until they have read it from cover to cover.
Schwartz' books are a wonderful trip down memory lane. I'm reviewing the first boxed set released in the early 90s (the author Schwartz died in '92 and I only learned of it when my high school got Internet access), but I'd first read Scary Stories 1 sometime in the mid-80s.Don't look for depth in the writing because it's children's fiction, and if you're a kid at heart it's great for a lark and a mindless thrill. Enhancing Schwartz' decomposing world are Gammell's elegantly grotesque illustrations of blood-drenched silhouette and fog. Don't pass up on this gem when you're with the kiddies in Border's.
An excellent book; I would agree with all the reviews with the exception of Andrew Charig's review.Mr Charig has introduced a number of elements into his review that were not part of the discussion in the book but are actually examples of his own interpretation of what the book was trying to warn the reader about.  Parts of his review are exactly what the author WAS trying to warn the reader about; such as making unsubstantiated assumptions, believing unsubstantiated claims, being wary of overstatements from secondary sources, and avoiding short sound bites to make one's decisions, it is apparent that no matter how clearly the author writes on any topic that is at all controversial someone will misunderstand, misinterpret or spin their message.Five stars none the less.
I've read this book an seen the movie (both versions) numerous times.  Graham Greene does a wonderful job with created nuanced characters, and a nuanced argument.  His main character, an agnostic European cynic is juxtaposed with an idealistic American CIA agent who wants to save Vietnam with a &#34;third force.&#34; Both these men (just like their respective countries) fight over a lovely Vietnamese woman named Phuong.  The extended geopolitical metaphor is wonderful, as well as the dialogue between Fowler and Pyle.
In the midst of reading the book I can't say I was overly impressed with The Quiet American.  I was enjoying the book of course, but it wasn't truly gripping me like I thought it would when I started. However, the few days after I finished my mind kept drifting back.  Pyle and Fowler made deadly mistakes while doing what they thought was the right thing.  Sounds familiar.This book teaches us to think before we start making decisions that can drastically affect others in the name of righteousness.  A lesson needed today as much as it was when this book was written.
I have to be honest I was searching on material for disruptive technology and found this book. I purchased it not realizing that its focus was education and how disruptive technology can help improve education in the USA.The author uses typical HBR style writing so it is familiar in form and the language it uses is simple to understand.  New topics are thoroughly covered and when introduced are given good background.  It felt like some ideas were hashed over more than once in the book, but that may have been me remembering content from another source.So the book was really good.  Topic was really good.  How good?  Well I think I am going to take my copy to my local school supernatant and see if he can find some value in this book too.  I have had a ton of ideas and am working to implement them now.
This is an excellent, easy to read book that will benefit pilots of all skill levels from student to experienced.  Though it was written years ago, the writing is humorous and relevant.
This book is considered the classic text on hobby robotics, and I bought the third edition after becoming interested in robot building five years ago.  I read that version cover to cover, and occasionally flip through it as a reference today.  The book contains useful reference information on machining materials (e.g. wood, metal, and plastics), basic electronics, drive train design, and sensors.  There are also projects within the book which apply the reference information to build specific types of robots.The fourth edition retains this great format with a number of improvements:  There's a new companion web site which has printable templates for making servo brackets, encoder patterns, and downloadable program code.  New chapters on using the Picaxe, the Arduino, and more projects using RC servos (e.g. a servo based walker and arm projects).  This is great because RC servos are so easy to control with a microcontroller.  There's still a chapter on using the classic Basic Stamp 2 which is quite popular due to its ease of use and great support.The author Gordon McComb is active in online forums and if you stick with the hobby long enough, you might virtually bump into him.  You'll find he's as helpful and friendly in such encounters as he comes across in this book.
This is an enjoyable book of a lifetime spent in the field of medicine.  My favorite chapters were the early ones as Thomas looked back at what medicine was like early in this century, including what he remembers from his father's medical practice.  This medical reminiscence differs from most other physician's writings in that Thomas has spent the majority of his career in research rather than in the clinical practice of medicine.  But if research is often thought of as dull drudgery, Thomas certainly does not reflect that in the book.  His genuine enthusiasm (and important finds along the way) have shown how necessary research is to progress in health care.  As a clinical physician myself, I gained a new appreciation for this side of medicine.  Lewis's enthusiasm is infectious, his comments candid, and his medical poetry quite entertaining.  I enjoyed reading this.
This was another great book by James Patterson.  Keeps the reader in suspense and continually guessing as to what will happen next.  PATTERSON IS MY ALL TIME FAVORITE WRITER.  I BUY HIS books each chance I get.
It was brand new as stated and received very quickly.  This is great if you are prepping for the ACT.
This is not only the best elementary geometry (and related subjects) outline, but also the best text in its field, in my opinion.  The student will find as many theorems and definitions as in very long and detailed  texts, presented much more concisely and in a much more organized fashion  here in categories that are easily understood.  As with my review of  Schaum's algebra, I recommend strongly that the student make flash cards  from Schaum's theorems and definitions before trying to work out or even  read the numerous solved problems by themselves.  Close to 95% of students,  in my opinion, make the mistake of doing massive amounts of geometry  problems and homework before learning what the theorems and definitions  say.  This is like trying to learn to play the violin by playing symphonies  before one knows how to move the bow and fingers, and is probably the main  cause of middle school, high school, and college elementary geometry  failure.
Excellent book, it teach you about the changing world and changing opportunities you have on it, sometimes you keep your faith in something and you must notice when to move it to a better thing that will give you more benefits...Its a good book who anybody will like it, it is a short reading that you micgh finish on a quick moment, its a good option to give it as a gift for any person, they will appreciate it a lot, and it doesnt matter the kind of person you give it to..
THE NEW JEROME BIBLICAL COMMENTARY (NJBC) is an impressive work. Any student of religion or biblical history would benefit from this book.  The editors were accurate and precise.Even though the editors of the NJBC are Catholic, their work is honest and fair. The NJBC would benefit serious bible students whether they were Catholic or non-Catholic. The editors revised this work from the earlier 1968 edition, and this makes the NJRC cuurrent with recent scholarship. Any serious reader would benefit from this book.  I highly recommend the NJBC.
This doesn't really seem to be about Buddhism, but it is fabulous. My fiance and I read this book to each other almost every day. A few pages at a time, a small chapter: as we turn each page and read each word, this book speaks to us, unfolding the mysteries of being in a relationship. The book speaks often to the couple of getting into the &quot;us place:&quot; my advice is that you begin by reading the book together, and my belief is that, with this book, you will get there.(To Charlotte: Thanks!)
There is certain delectableness when delving into one of Faulkner's works, and this book provides the most intellectual roller coaster ride of them all. The Sound and the Fury is by far the greatest American novel of this  century, and ranks right up there as the greatest ever.  The story about  the Compson family, their trials and tribulations, and the genius of the 4  narrated chapters is incredible.  It would be a shame to go through life  not knowing how a character like Benjy acts and fells, to know the torture  of a Quentin, the sardonic nature of Jason, and the love and beauty that  encompasses all of Caddy.  A must read for anyone who loves literature,  that is, great literature.  Faulkner provided us with a great challenge and  tug at the heart, and The Sound and the Fury is simply perfect.
Study this book inside out and practice all the 30+ major cases in an 'exam-like' timed fashion with a friend, and you will have no problems passing the CS exam.
I loved this story and became immersed in the Medieval setting from the very first page. Cushman is not only a great researcher, she's a great writer, conveying much with few words. The story of a homeless girl taken in by Midwife Jane as her apprentice is gripping. As the girl, called Beetle (for Dung Beetle) by Jane, grows and learns, she chooses her own name: Alyce. She also thinks she can do as much as the midwife can, but when she fails, she doesn't know what to do but run away. In the running, though, she fends for herself and comes to realize that Yes, she wants to be a midwife, and so she returns to Jane. The returning is not a defeat, but a victory: a choice about the direction Alyce wants her life to go in. A very rewarding story.
well written and organized.  Used for an online Clinical Decision Making course. It is a good book to have for providers or patients
This book has enough good ratings that I will keep mine short and to the point.  It was exactly what I needed to know for usmle step 1.  No questions that you should use this book to its full extent before taking step 1.  Enough said!
Lots of folks have praised this book, so I will not be original. I own the first edition and grabbed from the library the 5th edition. The 1st edition (352 pages) obviously dated seems to be a little more prose and teaching oriented whereas the 5th edition (533 pages) is a bit more dry and reference like. This effect seems to be a natural evolution of the book as the C language has evolved.Nevertheless, both editions get ***** in their respective timeframes.
Holden Caulfield is one of those uniquely legitimate characters in literature that is so like myself it is almost scary. Was Salinger a perpetual teenager, or was he just remarkably insightful? I do not know the answers to these questions and I never will, but this fact does not bother me. I can find all I need to know about Salinger in his hauntingly autobiographical novel The Catcher in the Rye. His colloquial speech is incredibly relaxing to read. Who said literature always had to be so stiff? He, like James Dean, is often considered to epitomize the true "rebel without a cause." However, with a closer look, it is possible to understand why this young man is as angry as he is.Holden is like most other teenagers in that he cannot make up his mind. Probably the most dualistic character in all of American literature, he has widely varied opinions on the same subject- this would seem impossible, but Holden (or should I say Salinger?) accomplishes it both realistically and intriguingly. What is most fascinating about Holden is his obsession with innocence, and the protection of childhood. He provokes a fight with his roommate at Pencey because the boy goes on a date with a girl from Holden's childhood- symbolically protecting her innocence. He has a preoccupation with the ducks in Central Park. He continuously asks people if they know where the ducks go during the winter, representing his fixation for all things simple.The introduction of his younger sister Phoebe brings one of literature's most brilliant characters to light. Salinger managed to create someone who is very clever for her age but is so young that it is not impossible to smile at some of the things she says. It is highly understandable as to why Holden loves his sister so much. In fact, this relationship is what endeared Holden to me. His sensitivity towards his younger sister (when most older brothers antagonize their younger siblings) erases many opinions of him as cynical and rebellious. This is not to say that he is not rebellious-he is- but he is so much more than that.At the crux of the story lies a deeply confused teenager, one who has lost his younger brother and is enduring a midlife crisis at much too young an age. His mind constantly pulls his thoughts in different directions, and it is no wonder that Holden seems stretched too thin. His symbolic desire to be "the catcher in the rye", or the person who helps children retain their innocence, draws the reader to the conclusion that Holden is not merely a teenage rebel. He's truly lost in a world that he views as cruel and without the innocence he wishes it had. This book is the story of the loss of innocence of a kid who only ever wanted to keep it, and that is something all generations can identify with.
By on track for a all night read. Mary Higgins Clark always keeps my interest. I would read again, It was that good.
Although most of the wealth-creating principles are not new, this book is well written and can still serve as a great resource for aspiring millionaires. Mike and Roger's style is very entertaining. I recommend it without hesitation.
This book is special. The story and characters are so compelling and so beautifully caught in such a terrible mess of a storm that it almost seems like Kretschmer had to make it up, but it's true. You will recognize, in Carl the amateur cruiser, a kindred spirit if you've ever dreamed of sailing or messed about in boats, but he rises (under horrific circumstances) to a noble, albeit ill-fated act of courage that will bring a tear to your eye.Kretschmer's style is top-notch; right up there with some of the finest literary authors I've ever read--and I'm saying that as a literature professor who has read a LOT of books. The narrative takes a sophisticated reader for the first half, which separately traces the paths of four individuals (including the author), whose fates and lives cross in the midst of a storm that builds to a Category 4 or 5 hurricane. At that point, the book becomes poetry. You will hear the rigging moan and shriek in the wind, feel the spray biting into your skin in 100-knot winds, watch the waves surge up in dark mountains and blast across the deck in white foam. You will learn a little bit about weather forecasting and hurricane patterns, a little about heavy weather sailing, a lot about nerves and anxiety on a sailboat in a storm, and much more about the human spirit--its restless dreams, its iron-willed persistence, its ill-fated confidence, and the cruel twists of fate it is sometimes dealt.Buy this book. It is truly phenomenal. The finest sea story I've ever read, or am likely to read.
This book really grabbed my attention and held it. I thought it was a pretty intese story about pride and respect and greed. I was suprised by some of the events in this book along with the ending. I would highly recommend reading this book!
What should our attitude be towards the deaf?  Kisor gives us good insight with his memoir which is beautifully, sensitively and humorouly written.  Some would term him an outcast to both the deaf culture and the hearing culture, since he lipreads and doesn't sign.  Can't possibly be happy because he can't fully participate in hearing world, he's missing so much.  But Kisor disagrees.He achieved more than most hearing, having accumulated great English language skills.  He demonstrates with the rare book written about deafness from a deaf author.  His title is fascinating, since it is from story regarding his five-year old son and the nuances lipreading has trouble discerning.Yes, improvements have happened and will continue with behavioral psychology and deafness, but here the spirit of the human inside is spoken of, something that no program can really guarantee success, but determination, help and support will aid.This marvelous memoir contributes much to this cause.  It is a most wonderful read for all interested in what a deaf person in a hearing world might be going through, especially the emotional strains deafness brings with it.  Much to be gleaned here.
I can't say enough good things about this book!!I was an insatiable reader as a child and this was one of my favorite books!  I read this with 5th graders as a teacher and fell in love with it all over again!  Many of my students had NEVER read a chapter book on their own, let alone read for pleasure, but they became captivated with reading as a result of this book and went on to read non-fiction books about the Civil War, biographies about Abraham Lincoln, Rifles for Watie, etc., on their own.  This is significant since I taught in a low socio-economic area (95% free or reduced lunch).  If kids find this boring, it is because it is over their heads - I read this WITH my students.  They each had a copy and we read it aloud together in unison, stopping to clarify and discuss.  Using historical fiction to introduce history makes it interesting and "digestible" for young people.  It also sparks a desire to know more.  A teacher can't tell a student everything, s/he must inspire them to investigate further.  When students endeavor to learn more on their own, they are on the road to becoming educated.  Abraham Lincoln himself only had one year of schooling - he educated himself with BOOKS!Specifically, this book is about a farming family in Civil War times torn apart by the war.  It helps students understand the realities of the war that pitted "brother against brother" when the oldest son goes to fight for the "other" side.  When he discovers that his brother was killed in battle, this big, hulk of a man sends word to his "mama" that he did not fire the shot that killed his brother.  The book makes real the pain each family member must have felt.  It helps students understand that the war was not just about slavery, it was also about states' rights and whether or not the people of the US wanted the federal government to be able to tell them what to do.  The future of our government depended on the outcome of the war.  It also helps them understand human rights and the fact that there are many gray areas in the complex world of politics and that issues rarely have an easy black or white answer.PARENTS, this book is worth reading with your child line by line if necessary!  It can be tough, but it helps young people grow up a little and see the world more clearly, giving them a glimpse of a world outside of themselves.Books can change you and this one will for the better, without the shocking slap in the face that sometimes accompanies life lessons.  You will notice deeper understanding, more maturity, a sense of accomplishment when your child masters this book.  THAT is how you develop genuine self-esteem.For other character developing books, try The Secret Garden, The Diary of Anne Frank, and Anne of Green Gables.  I can't explain why, but my 6th grade boys liked these as much as the girls, although they would never have picked them up on their own.  Sounds crazy - I wouldn't believe it if I hadn't experienced it myself!
I teach German at the university level, and this is an excellent book. I really have learned some things. Each teacher approaches grammar slightly differently, I think, and Swick has managed to pack lots of very useful information into his book. I think that this book is an excellent review for someone who has intermediate or even advanced knowledge of German.
I met Charly when he trained in Italy for Mapei....He was extremely proud to be on the cleanest team in the peleton...(well, until the Garzelli debacle).I remember the hatred beaming from his eyes when he talked about other teams using PED's.I could tell he was sincere.Don't bother with other cycling accounts.... this is the one you want to read.Charly's approach to the bike is the same we should apply to everyday life...
Microeconomics is a good introduction to intermediate Microeconomics. It's written clearly and concisely, and is abundantly illustrated. However, some things aren't explained quite fully; this might be helpful for some people who learn better by figuring this stuff out themselves, but others may find this unhelpful. Furthermore there's a huge lack of mathematical explanation and examples throughout the chapters, which is a massive downfall in both helping to understand the books content and showing the more practical elements if microeconomics.4/5
For those who are familiar with the other major religions (Christianity, Judiasm, Islam), the teachings outlined in this book are foreign. For example, Buddhism (depending on the sect) does not believe Buddha is a God but a supremely enlightened human being. Moreoever, this capacity to become enlightened exists in all of us. Truth must be found (or seen) by each inidividual. Buddhism does not try to create cookie cutter believers as other religions.The most indigestable aspect of this book to me was the writer's heavy reliance on his own interpretation of the Buddha's teachings. Buddhism is less legalistic (teachings does not need to be backed wholly by the scriptures) than the other major religions. As always, a writer's interpretation religion as much to do with what the writer leaves out as well as what he interprets as the "truth" of the religion. What the writer left out was how Buddha came to his truths. Instead, we get bunch of examples of how the writer came to the realization of Buddha's princples.
Chasing Redbird Sparked FireworksI absolutely loved this book. It has everything in it: action, mystery, and a little romance. The cover may look strange, but you should never judge a book by its cover. This book may start to make you think a little different or how you view the world or the people around you. This book also has lots of detail if you really love it.Zinny is a young girl who is outspoken by her big family, who doesn't really give a hoot about her. She has lots of siblings who have nothing in common with her, and she doesn't really get any alone time with her parents, so they don't really know anything about her. But she does have an uncle to whom she is very close to almost like another father. Zinny doesn't have her best friend to talk to, an aunt who she misses a lot, a normal uncle and a childhood cousin which she used to play with and act like sisters. When Zinny finds a hidden trail in her backyard it could change her whole life, maybe even her family's also. This book does have a twist though, Zinny's sister May always gets the boys attention; but this time Zinny gets it. The boy gives Zinny lots of presents with each one getting better everyday, but they may get them both in trouble.Those were just some of the events in this book. So take my word and check this book out for yourself.
Very good read from a great and sensitive author who has lived what she writes about.  Going to put many of these ideas into action for our very clingy two year old.  I also love that a magic bracelet comes with it.
I found this book very helpful as a question-book to help me study for the family medicine shelf exam. The questions are challenging and the answers provide good explanations. I have the kindle version, and it works great for the e-reader. You can just tap on the question number to switch between questions and answers-- something I haven't found optimized in some other e-reader question books.
Have been on this program starting week 3 and lost 11 lbs. Amazing how good green beans taste now and not even hungry having to force myself to eat. At first the diet was a little confusing because I did not want to read the information and than went back and read it. This is an eating program that will be my new life change because I am not depriving myself of anything. Have never felt better. Thanks to Wendy for this great life change.
I had a problem with spyware displaying ads on my PC. I read through the section on spyware, and using the software included on the book's CD, I was able to remove it completely.The books doesn't just tell you how to remove problems like spyware and viruses, it explains how to avoid them in the first place. I especially appreciated the section on spam, which offered some clever techniques for keeping your email address safe from spammers.The authoer includes a bit of humor throughout the book, and doesn't pull any punches. I found the background info about how spammers operate and how spyware and viruses propagate to be especially interesting.Overall, it's an excellent how-to guide aimed at a general audience.
Having read and reviewed The Complete Turtle Trader, a previous work by Covel, I readily agreed to read and review Trend Commandments. This book is philosophical and conceptual in nature. It doesn't present a "foolproof system" in cookie-cutter fashion, under the idea that you just do these steps and you can't lose. Anyone looking for such a book can do just as well picking up the scam of the day (which this book is definitely not).This book lays the groundwork for any trader who wants to succeed. That brings us to the question, "What is a trader?" In the world of alleged investing, there are two types of players: investors and traders. Most people do not understand the distinction. So, I'll explain.An investor is someone who owns part of a company and is "invested" in it by virtue of more than just money plunked down. That person has a long-term, active interest in ensuring the success of that company. And a personal stake. The word "invest" is key, here; look up its etymology and history. A true investor can't invest in very many companies at the same time. There simply is not enough of that person to go around.You might invest in your brother in law's machine shop, for example, and because you are invested you provide some resources to help it succeed. Maybe you make business contacts, or perhaps you handle vendor negotiations. You probably sit on this company's board. You are not concerned much with its stock price, but you sometimes lie awake at night thinking about its cash flow. That's investing. You are, in a sense, wearing (like a vest) the business. It's part of what you put on each day.Then there is trading. People who think they "invest" in mutual funds are not investors. They have no stake in the companies owned by the fund and typically can't name three of the top ten the fund has shares in. They are traders, despite the language abuse that pervades our society.Another way to look at this would be rentals. If you buy two or three rental houses that you plan to hang on to as your long-term business, you are an investor. You're managing those investments and taking the risks. What happens with those particular houses is important to you and you can probably answer any questions anyone asks about the costs and condition of those houses.But if you buy into a real estate mutual fund, you probably have no idea what is going on with any particular property. You are concerned only with the return on your investment, as evidenced in the share price.The share price concept is key, here. Keep it in mind. It's something Covel comes back to again and again in this book.Covel castigates "buy and hold," and that stance is correct regarding stock and commodity traders in general. I think for mutual funds, it's incorrect, because the fees and tax compliance costs involved in switching and trading seldom justify moving from one fund to another. For true investors, of course, it's all about buy and hold. But for traders, that strategy is normally based on emotion rather than results.Covel correctly points out that the famous "buy and hold" star Warren Buffet isn't actually a "buy and hold" guy. He's made tens of billions doing the opposite. Is he really going to advise other people to emulate him and thus dilute his profit potential? Not likely.Trend Commandments helps the reader overcome misconceptions and bias in the area of financial trading. Covel's basic point is that if you want to get exceptional returns, you have to follow the trends. In particular, pricing trends.Earlier, I pointed out the difference between investors and traders. As you can imagine, an investor is very concerned about the fundamentals of the company. An investor looks at the financials, the operations, and other factors that affect profitability and long-term viability. This is very time-intensive. And it's why most people who think they are "investors" are actually traders. They aren't invested, they are merely hoping to trade from a lower buy price to a higher sell price. And typically get panicked into doing the reverse.But wait, you say. What about the stockbroker who sends me research on a company I want to buy stock in? Well, read the research. What's its point? To predict where the stock price is headed. Based on what? Based on things that don't determine the stock price. Those things you're reading about are fundamentals, and while logic dictates they should predict stock price direction, history shows they do not.This sad fact of life is well-documented in several works, including Mobs, Messiahs, and Markets, and in other books by Covel. So if you are a trader, you can't rely on fundamentals to guide you. What, then, is a reliable means of predicting the stock price direction? The answer to that question is what this book is about. If you're a trader, you need that answer.This book consists of 241 pages, plus a 4-page bibliography that is pretty much a "must read" list for any serious trader. It's written in Covel's recognizable and enjoyable style.
Ms.Tartt, thank you for this book. So much to enjoy, think about and remember. The dynamics between the six main characters is reason enough to read this book, but there is so much more you'll get from it.
This volume used to be easily available up until the mid-80s and can still be easily purchased in most second-hand bookstores. I hope that Penguin decide to reissue it again as I think every essay contains certain timeless elements that add very much to many contempory events.Both the left and the right like to claim Orwell as their own. As this book of essays proves, he belongs to no one and eschews all those stinking orthodoxies that via for the souls of mens. This is a recurring theme. In his long Essay on Dickens he reminds us that Dickens is particulalry great because of the things he DOES not do, rahter than what he describes and the moral tales he tells. Dickins is no social theorist. Dickens is a great moraliser where revolution has no place and people being decent to each other solves the majority of the world's problems.There are some anti-imperial essays here. "How the Poor Die" is rather an indictment of French Culture or uncaring and "A Hanging" has as much dealing about Imperialism as it does with the general notion that "man can get used to anything" when they are exposed to it enough."Notes on Nationalism" could easily be called "Notes on Crooked Thinking."  In this essay Orwell lays out the follies of ideology in general on peoples thinking processes... It should be read and re-read and quotes like "every nation that becomes a country thinks it necessary to depreciate all other foreigners."  It may be cynical, but it is food for thought, such as when everyone is cheering their medals won in the olympics... Orwell doesn't stop at Nationalism. He locates the same diseased thinking in Marxism, Fascism, Orthodox Catholicism and Anglicanism. The tendancy for Trade Unionists to see nothing but evil in corporations and for capitalists to only see baleful influences in Trade Unionism. By extension there are the very disturbing debates we see in the US at the present time, when the so-called cultural wars are really just short-hand for people to think only in terms of ideological maxims -- the era of good old fashioned, even-handed common sense is truly in trouble in the US. A good read of this essay could help a lot of people.The essay on Raffles and Miss Blandish tells the story of how the morality of characters changes within our heros over time. In reality this may be one of the first essays on the anti-hero. As such it is not important if anyone knows either of the above Characters (I think that only Raffles would be even vaguely known), it is far more important for a person to grasp the fact that writing tells us about the things we deem important, good or bad. For those who bemoan the tide of violence sweeping the world and the loss of good ol-fashioned morality this is an important essay.
Working on Trust now! ... . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . ..
as people might know there were three Stuart Little films made. Other that the toy boat race done differently and retrieving Mrs. Little ring from the drain there is basically no resemblance between the book and the films.  The book on its own is a sweet wonderful tale which many I'm sure will take into their hearts and love.  The only thing I did not like about the book was the ending which left me hanging with a want for some real closure to Stuart's quest.  One of my favorite bits of the book was Stuart meeting the 2 inches tall girl during his quest that cause him to run away from home and makes me wonder what her character would of been like if she had manged to appear in the movies.
I just finished reading the Journeyer, and can not say enough good things about it.  I read Aztec previous to this book and was quite impressed with the author's writing ability.  Although I did not think it possible, this book surpassed even Aztec in it's vivid discriptions, interesting characters and awesome adventure.The book artfully and imaginatively fills in the gaps of Marco Polo's journey across Asia, bringing to life each character as Gary Jennings does so brilliantly in Aztec as well.I highly recommend this book for anyone interested in adventure, history, travel and great reading.
Remarque gives us his view of the war, astonishingly enough (or not) from a German perspective. His view is not pleasant, it does not glorify war in the least, from the farm battle sequence to the gutsy final chapters, the protaganist Paul Baumer takes the reader on a journey he (she) won't soon forget.It's no wonder this book was banned shortly after its release in Germany. Hitler simply detested the novel, and most likely many members of the Nazi party did likewise. The novel certainly would not stir patriotism to fight for one's country, nor would it stir up a desire to join the fighting front like so many German youths were doing in the late 30s as World War II silently crept upon them. It is an anti-war novel at its finest. Most anti-war novels do it in one of two ways, it does so with humour (Catch-22) or it does so with detestable, grosse violence. Although, All Quiet on the Western Front contains a little bit of both, where it really hits home is with the dialogue. It's so brilliantly, (and almost effortlesssly it seems at times), written, that it personifies the feelings of the average German soldier: tired, hungry, wounded, and completely demoralized.All Quiet on the Western Front is one of those rare novels, that explains a horrifying period in the world's history with an unbiased, almost simplified approach. For an understanding of the War from the perspective of the &quot;Enemy&quot; and an understanding of the feelings of soldiers during war in general read Erich Maria Remarque's All Quiet on the Westen Front.
Some highly acclaimed books, for example, The Kite Runner, by Khaled Hosseini, wear their emotions on their sleeves, great themes and high drama close to the surface. Others, like The Sea, by John Banville, beguile the reader with beautifully exotic use of the English language. You may find, a month after being captivated by such books, that you have little memory of them. In Disgrace, J.M. Ceotzee, writes of elemental themes in spare, simple language. Pull any sentence, or any three, out of context from Disgrace, and they are unextraordinary. Read ten pages and you will have difficulty putting the book down. Ceotzee writes of David Lurie, a man at a fulcrum in his late mid-life, and of Lucy, his daughter, finding her own way, and of the changing relationship between them. He writes also of universal themes of love and loss, cunning and power, class distinctions, despair and the search for meaning, but never in an obvious way. Ceotzee understates. Incidents that in many books would evoke tears, are described matter-of-factly, almost intellectually. With each page, the story of Lurie, Lucy, her helper, Petrus, and other characters, becomes more compelling. Disgrace is a work of emotional power in simplicity, and a book not likely to soon fade from the reader's memory.
This is a graphic novel adaptation of L.Frank Baum'ssecond Oz novel.  It was originally published as an eight issue comic book series.  Like Marvel's adaptation ofThe Wonderful Wizard of Ozit is written by Eric Shanower (who has written and/or drawn many Oz projects) and illustrated by Skottie Young.  This is a great adaptation of a great book.  Shanower's script is very faithful to the source material, but Young draws the characters differently than they were pictured in the original book.  It works wonderfully well and I highly recommend this book.
Good book that helped getting through a lot of cases during pediatrics clerkship during the third year of medical school.
I do not know why people are against this book. The title clearly says &quot;introduction&quot;. True, it does little to provide deep insights into financial modeling, but it does give a preliminary idea into the math involved, and does a good job of walking you into the subject gently. The layout is a little chaotic, but with a judicious choice of subjects, that will not be much of a problem. The problems are the worst part- half of them do not have any relevance considering the chapter in question, and some incorporate concepts which are not mentioned in the book.The book itself is clear and concise. The intuitive idea about measure and stochastic integral is very nice. Also, after going through this book you will be able to progress into the deeper math quite nicely. Its worthwhile buying this book..
This book is stunning.  I picked it up and put it down at the small bookstore in Newark's Penn Station over the course of a week ("Am I really interested in this type of story? What do I know about medicine, or Ethiopia, or nuns, for that matter? And do I care enough to read a whole novel about it?"), then finally took the plunge and I haven't regretted the decision for a moment.  My only regret is knowing that the story will end.I have told anyone who would listen that this book exemplifies why I read fiction in the first place: to be enlightened, transported, educated, informed, tugged and pulled and manipulated into a hot mess of emotions and obsessing over my next available moment to read on.  This book does all that for me and more.  I simply love it, I love the characters, every one of them, and I love this author for giving them to me.
In Timeline, you are wisked away to a world where there is not limit on blood and gore, where time machines are the latest in cutting technology, and where three Yale graduate students go back to the middle ages to save  their professer. This book entertained me while teaching me a lot of  interesting facts about Science and history. This book was written  beautifully. Anyone who gets bored with this book obviously does not have a  cultured taste.
Comrade Manna Wu has spent most of her adult life waiting for the love of a good man that she can call her own. This story gives us a glimpse at the personal lives of couples in Communist China 30 years ago.Manna sets her cap for a doctor in the military hospital where she is a nurse. The doctor, Lin Kong, is torn between the desire for Manna, an intelligent modern Chinese woman that is so far untouched, (nurses must be virgins when they enter the program), and the comfort of his familiar life in the country with a dutiful wife whose bound feet and submissive ways are from an era gone by.Lin's marriage has produced one daughter and the separation between Lin and his wife has gone on for 17 years. So far for various reasons he has been unable to obtain a divorce. In the 18th year of separation he is finally given his freedom to marry Manna Wu. At this point the story takes some unexpected turns that I will save for the reader to discover.Lin is a man who would rather take the easy way out, yet he's concerned with how people view his actions. The 18 years of waiting becomes a comfortable way of life for him, so comfortable that when he is finally freed from the obligations to his wife he realizes that the arrival of his dream might eventually lead to his undoing. A comrade opens Lin's eyes by pointing out that his problem arises from his own character, "If you have the will to change you can create the condition for change".I enjoyed this book on several different levels, it was a twisted love story that kept me reading and rooting for the underdog, and it gave me an appreciation for a culture and way of life completely foreign to me. I certainly couldn't have showed the patience instilled in the females of this culture but that made it all the more interesting to me. 12/12/00
Good book. It was a great read and kept me interested in it from page one to the last page. I've loved James Patterson for years. I've read the whole womens murder club series as well as started on the Alex Cross books.
I brought this book in hopes of using it with my book club to change up our meetings a little bit. But I have not found one game, icebreaker or challenge in the book that I would introduce to the members.Oh well at least a few of the games gave me some ideas and I will get creative and add my own to it.
Children love all of Margaret Wise Brown's books -classics. I love to read them out loud. Bought for a preschool to have.
I LOOOOVE Alex Cross, Hated putting it down. Then sorry when it was over. Cant wait for the next book.
I picked up this book on sale at Value Village for 99 cents, and I'm so glad I did!  I would happily pay full price for yet another book crammed with Lobel's dry wit and - as perfect counterpoint - his lively illustrations.As another reviewer has commented, his language is indeed formal and in fact sometimes a little stilted.  If you've ever heard him read his own stories, you'll know how well that goes with the author's own voice:  you can almost hear his smile, barely restrained, behind the pages.The stories themselves are perhaps a little beyond my almost-5-year-old, but we have adopted a philosophy of not talking down to her or insulting her intelligence with "baby" books.  Anyway, she enjoys the challenge of trying to grasp the fables.  Along the way, she's picking up a few classic "fable" paradigms (like when you meet a smiling fox, he is probably up to no good...).Even if they don't "get" the story or its moral the first time through (and kids LOVE morals, by the way, even if we grown-ups think of them as trite), the stories are each only one page long, and you can always go on to another one, and another.  Like popcorn, or any other treat, with Arnold Lobel's fables, you can't read just one!
This is a charming introduction to the basic ideas of genetics. Despite its amusing, basic style, there's a lot of good information here. It descibes recessive genes, not just with Mendel's pea plants but with a bible story as well. It summarizes the history of reproduction, and of what people have known of reproduction.It goes on to modern molecular biology, DNA and the people who dsicovered it, and the mechanisms of DNA replication and protein synthesis. Gonick isn't afraid of complex ideas like introns - well-known now, but shockers when they were first discovered. The last sections cover gene regulation - why the cell does what, when - and recombination.Unfortunately, this book dates all the way back to 1991. That's the medieval era in the biotech world, and a lot has changed. For example, we now know that the human genome holds about 30,000 genes, not the 200,000 estimated when this book was written. It's a real shame that Gonick hasn't written a newer edition to clean up those few dated facts and to include more of what's been discovered since. The errors are generally minor, though, and don't detract seriously from this unique presentation.It's still the best light introduction around, humorous and serious at the same time. It's real science, so some of the terms might be a bit much for very young readers. Still, I recommend this to any interested adult and to any kid willing take it seriously and willing to listen when corrections have to be made.//wiredweird
Rubin suggests that soloing means "going it alone" and "being complete in oneself." To become a soloist is to gain "the knowledge one needs to cross over into a world where work and freedom are one and the same thing. This  book is about becoming a soloist." She cites several different examples of  those who have done so. Peter Drucker is "a lone worker who refused for  years to let his local university, Claremont College, start a business  school in his honor because of his fear of becoming a person who has to  take meetings." For him, a waste of time. Drucker once gave Rubin two  pieces of advice: It takes three years to break even financially as a  soloist, and to learn anything you have to be prepared to teach it. Rubin  seems to be a natural teacher. In Soloing, she helps others to understand  both the perils soloing creates, and, the rewards which await those who  overcome the perils.Rubin understands full well that soloing is not for  everyone. However, if you now live a life of &quot;quiet desperation&quot;,  if you feel trapped within an organizational structure which limits (if not  demeans) you, then you should read Soloing. Plato once described a  situation in which people sat in a cave watching shadows dance on the wall.  Once in a while, someone would discover the true source of light. It was  outside the cave. For a soloist, it is inside the person.One final  point: The title is somewhat misleading. Although recommending "going it  alone" and "being complete in oneself", Rubin duly acknowledges a number of  people who encouraged her during the initial, immensely difficult phase of  her own soloing process after she walked away from a lucrative but  unfulfilling career situation. Soloists are not alone. Rather, as has  Rubin, they tend to develop new relationships, new networks, and new  friends. Also, as Rubin learned, and more importantly, the journey within  (required by soloing) results in a quite different relationship with one's  self. Not everyone is willing to complete such a journey. So be it.
This is a good book. I shall offer some minor points of criticism, but only because the praise that the book deserves would be too repetitive. First we should note that the originality lies in the mathematics (esp. chs. 7 and 8 are pretty original); the historical narrative is basically just a compilation of the standard anecdotes (often tangentially related at best to the mathematics discussed). My main problem with this book is that Dunham is too uncritical and faithful to the canon: where the canon is silent, so is Dunham, no matter how glaring the omission may be. There is one serious illustration of this: Archimedes on the circle (ch. 4). We read that "Archimedes' bold proposition easily implied Euclid's relatively tame result that the areas of two circles are in the same ratio as the squares upon their diameters" (p. 96). I suggest that "bold" and "tame" are euphemisms for "taught today" and "not taught today" respectively. Durham, being a slave to the current canon, is happy with this test and does not provide any additional evidence or arguments for his claim. This is great shame for anyone who is not willing to salute the reigning flag for the sake of it. Why is Archimedes' result "bold" and "great" enough to warrant inclusion here? How exactly does it go beyond Euclid's "tame" result? It can hardly be "the critical link between circumference and circular area" (p. 90) since "the importance of this ratio had been recognized long before Archimedes" (p. 106). Nor can the answer be found in a link between "one-dimesional constants" (p. 90) such as that of circumference to diameter and "two-dimensional constants" (p. 90) having to do with areas, since Euclid's "tame" result provides precisely that. Archimedes' work on the circle is surely related to his work on the sphere (if only conceptually). The latter is discussed here at some length, though no indication of its relation, if any, to the former is provided. Since the canon in silent on this matter, so is Dunham, even though critical readers will all be asking this question.
This was the book I first tried to learn QM from and I was very satisfied with the results. I felt it covered all the key topics clearly without presupposing too much math background. All the math needed beyond Calculus I is included in the book either in the text or in an Appendix. It's very good for self-instruction. There is a nice range of difficulty of problems, and there is an internet homework site (which I don't think I can mention so I won't) which has the answers, which is very nice because many of the problems are too difficult for the average reader to get on her own. I also find this book very useful for referring back to when trying to do more advanced topics.My only complaint about this book is that like all Griffiths' books it's too expensive. There is no justification for charging this much except that the publishers know they can get away with it because this book is assigned reading for undergraduates, so they have a captive audience. Greed and commercial exploitation. Not nice.
This might be one of the most wonderful books I've ever read, and I'd like to thank Audrey Niffenegger for having written it!
this book has been more targeted for censorship than the average american text, connected to conspiracy despite relatively tame (brilliant, well worded, somewhat negative) contents.See Conspiracy Theory, the Mel Gibson movie.but you know, I think I would be called paranoid, despite being an unwilling member of the most high profile illuminati bloodlines in history (Bauer-Hesse, as when the Illuminati was founded, & St Luke), & despite that my psychologist is air force intelligence, if I stated my opinion that this book was targeted by mind control, rather than triggering any negativity on its own, for some diversionary purpose.in any event: I'm trying to catch as many humans as I can beforethe ball hits the ground,there's about two seconds left,& there's a link to the solution on my profile.What I loved best about this book: social angst conveyed
I got The New Kayak Shop one fall afternoon and decided right away to build the kayak.  I only used the plans in the book.  I have never built a boat, so I decided to practice by buying some cheap Home Depot plywood and building just the hull.  Then, I was going to throw that one away and buy some better wood to build the "real boat".  Turns out, these plans and instructions are so good that I just kept building the practice boat until I had my own 16' kayak.  It cost me less than $500 (not counting the life vest, knife, dry top, dry bags....well, you get the picture).The boat works great and I love it.  I have gone camping a couple of times with my son in it and done many day paddles.  It tracks well, cuts through waves, and looks great in the moonlight.  There is something really, really special about getting in a boat you built yourself and the New Kayak Shop will take you all the way there.Finally, yes, you can use the plans in the book and the boat comes out great.
Nobody's Fool is an amazing achievement.  It is "The Life and Times of Donald Sullivan, a.k.a. Sully," a 60-year old, curmudgeonly, disabled, laborer who lives in a small town in upstate New York.  The novel is not at all plot driven --- hundreds of pages go by without anything really happening, and there is no particular story other than Sully's existence.  It is not that literally nothing happens, a la James Joyce, it is rather that nothing special happens, a la, say, Seinfeld.How does that make a great book?  Well, first, like Seinfeld, the characters in Sully's life are quirky, clever and humorous, and full of behaviors and observations that are true to life in some way or other that, taken together, make following them interesting and rewarding (though in a completely different way from Seinfeld).  Second (and, in this way, the exact opposite of Seinfeld), the characters, their lives, thoughts, feelings and experiences are so deeply, richly, thickly presented -- amazingly so.  Frankly, I can't myself come up with the right adjective.Whatever the complete opposite of superficial is, that is Russo's writing.  The characters are so fully realized that it seems impossible that this could all have come from a person's imagination.  Along the way, he explores many themes: parent-child relations in particular, but also friendship, love, the meaning of life and much more.  The book has constant, lengthy digressions, but each one is great, and many brilliant.  It's a series of small, often humorous and sometimes hilarious, masterpieces.I have also read his Pulitzer Prize winning Empire Falls and thought that was great too.  For me, though, this one was better.  I thought that one had a contrived ending that lost the "trueness" that characterizes Russo's writing.  I also did not feel the author's love for his characters in Empire Falls that is so apparent in Nobody's Fool.My one criticism of the book is its treatment of race.  That treatment is very small--it only comes up a couple of times in the book--but the casual racism of the characters in those passages and the actual depiction of the one African American in the story are the proverbial sore thumb in the book, lacking the subtle realism of the rest of the story and leaving a disturbing aftertaste.
Just about every book on strategy, or for that matter, every strategy meeting I have ever attended, has been a bit dry to boring.  With all this dull talk you usually get a strategy that is less the inspired, more standard and generic then anything else.  The authors state that the most successful and interesting companies they know are not boring places, but dynamic and fast moving places.  They have novel, creative and inspiring strategies.  So the authors believe that we should have fun in creating strategy and in the bargain we will get a better outcome.The authors spend a good deal of time putting examples into each of the chapters so that the reader can better understand the particular section.  They also toss in any number of interesting and many times humorous, extra bits of info to help you not take yourself too seriously.  They highlight the people and ideas they believe are worth reviewing, but they do not hold out any one to be the end all be all.  Overall the book was fast paced and enjoyable.  They took all the pain out of the topic and gave the reader a book that was exciting to open up.  They give you solid and beneficial ideas that can be used on any size project or business unit.  The book is well worth the time.
Bloomability by Sharon Creech is an exquisite book that makes me want to try something new. This book gets five out of five stars because there is nothing wrong with this book. This is an excellent book that leaves you thinking like the characters. Readers that like other Sharon Creech books or like Linda Urban will love Bloomability. In Bloomability Dinnie moves to Switzerland without her family and feels lost. Read Bloomability to find out if she stays in Switzerland.
I thoroughly enjoyed and highly recommend this mystery - such a wonderfully entertaining group of sleuths.  I really like the way the author mixes a bit of history into her plots and I think this is her best book yet.
At the core of Atonement, an ambitious work by Ian McEwan (previouly I had started Enduring Love, but I found it wordly and discarded it) is an interesting theme, about the implications in life of an erroneous and almost arbitrary choice made by someone in a certain situation. At the beginning I found it difficult to get involved and interesting in the story but in the end I found the book strangely affecting. Perhaps the most original section is the first one, which deals with the events that happen when Briony, the main character, is about 14 years old. McEwan expertly portays her point of view, and although twisted, I couldn't help but understand her. I also thought that the book was well researched. For all this, Atonement earns a recommendation.
Alison Weir is well-known in the field of Tudor and medieval history and having read several of her biographies (including "Children of England" and "Eleanor of Aquitaine"), I was interested to see how she would tackle fiction.  While her non-fiction can sometimes be hit-or-miss in terms of accuracy, she is a very good _writer_.  In this case, I was not disappointed - this is a compelling exploration of the events that led to Lady Jane's tragic death, and a vivid depiction of the period.  This novel has clearly been carefully and comprehensively researched, but never becomes "dry."The device of alternating narrators, each giving a unique perspective on events as they unfold, worked really well in maintaining (for want of a better phrase) dramatic tension.  While each character's apparent acute self-awareness can stretch credulity at times (no one is THAT consistently insightful), this did not detract from my enjoyment of the novel. I initially was a bit taken aback by Jane's apparent self-possession and insight at the ripe old age of four, but given that children were treated, and expected to behave, as miniature adults during that era, it's not as unrealistic as it sounds.Even though most of us will know the story already, "Innocent Traitor" is well worth reading.  I look forward to Weir's next novel.
I have read and reread this series over four times.  Each time I find it captivating, moving, and still exciting.  Gabaldon has painted characters that will live forever.  They are human, with their goodness and faults.  It is one of the most romantic series to come along in a very long time.  Jamie and Claire love each other and through war, a bit of witchcraft, separation and adventure cling to the promise that they made to each other on their wedding day.  I highly recommend this series to anyone who wants a bit of everything in a very well written series.
I read this book to my granson when he was here several months ago and he thoroughly enjoyed it. He is learning to read so i bought it for him.  It came in great shape and I sent it off to him.
Amelia Bedelia is the housekeeper for Mr. and Mrs. Rogers. (I would say she's probably about 18?) She takes everything literally; doesn't understand figures of speech. Because of this, she gets into some very interesting situations. But she does have an incredible talent: cooking, because she follows directions verbatim.In this particular book, Great-Aunt Myra is coming to visit, so it is Amelia's job to get the house ready for her so that she will feel at home.  Mrs. Rogers makes a list for Amelia to follow when getting the house ready.  For example, Mrs. Rogers tells her to strip the sheets.  Amelia literally strips them.  Because of Amelia's literalness, will there be a disaster?  Will Great-Aunt Myra really feel at home, or will Amelia really make a mess of things?  I can't tell you - you have to read the book to find out!I love Amelia Bedelia books. If you haven't been lucky enough to discover her, I recommend these books.Amelia Bedelia is one of my favorite characters. Even though these are children's books, I find a bit of coziness in these books. I have loved Amelia Bedelia every since I discovered her (when my kids were little.)
Roberts writes history wonderfully.  This is the first edition of this wonderful History of the World I ever purchased.  I've owned several editions of Roberts wonderful history book.  All are worthwhile having and reading and using as general reference works.Speaking of this book specifically I would compare the excellence in quality of the book to the 11 volume "Story of Civilization" series by Wil Durant. Of course, Durant's works are in many cases outdated today. Roberts updated his work in order to "fix" things where evidence has leaned one-way or-another over the last several years, as well as to bring it up-to-date with the fall of the Soviet Union and the new global supremacy of the United States.Of course, Roberts only hits the highlights. But he doesn't ignore anything; even so-called minor issues are discussed. In many ways, he is outlining how the modern world came to be the way it is. All too much of what passes for history now a days is really little more than gossip about minor events in the relatively recent past. The grand sweep of historical events is often lost. Looking at well sells as history books today can make one cringe that somebody would read something, let alone write it.Because people lack and true appreciation and understanding of history, they seem to be electing leaders who also lack the willingness to learn from past events. Democracy is on - at the very lest - a tenitive rise. Leaders need to know how Rome or Britain affected things in the modern political landscape. Churchill made decisions that are still being played out in the Middle East and Iraq today. Roman and even ancient Greek leaders had to deal with the issues of in the Balkans in southeast Europe over two-millennia ago. You can't fully understand the former Yugoslavia without understanding Roman province carving and its long term affects on world history.How can leaders hope to make the best decisions if they don't understand the causes of the original problems? And since democratically elected leaders are, at least in the West, the norm now, people need to understand history in order to recognize people who understand it.Roberts tries to restore the grand scope to the matter of human history. Something people and our political leaders seem to have very much lost sight of now. True History, the whys and wherefores need more attention.
The basic conclusions of the book are all sound, the principle of determining the cost and benefits of each possible combination of software components that can be built and choosing the most profitable is something no one can argue with. Charts and tables are in abundance, as the authors step through many scenarios, including situations where the most profitable path may not be readily apparent. They start by introducing the Minimum Marketable Feature (MMF), which is defined as the minimum chunk of functionality that delivers a subset of the customer's requirements and is capable of returning value to the customer when released as an independent entity. This is also sensible and should be a fundamental principle of software development.However, despite all this sensible material, there are some major problems with the book, and it starts with the title. Before I even opened it, I looked at the cover and was skeptical. There is no such thing as low-risk software development, it is simply too hard to do. The end results are also unpredictable due to the rapid change in the markets, customer fickleness and intense competition, therefore the high-return segment of the title can also be questioned. A more sensible title would have been "...Lower-Risk Higher-Return Development."The major problem that I see is that nearly all the authors do is based on the fundamentally flawed premise that you know the costs and time frame for development to a high degree of accuracy for every available option.  For most (nearly all) development teams, this is not the case when the project is being considered. At that point, you are dealing with ball-park, (big-league, not little-league), cost and time estimates, with enough uncertainty to lead to significant overlap between the costs of the options. Substantial market research can help, but it can only indicate what customers will(might) want and will tell you nothing about what your competitors are doing. I do grant that if the cost and return numbers are hard, then their techniques are rock-solid correct and only a fool would ignore them.If you are one of the lucky ones and can express your costs of development, time to completion and revenue from sales to a high degree of accuracy, then this book is valuable. Of course, if you are already that good at projections, then you most likely don't need it. If your numbers are not hard, then applying these techniques could be dangerous. Assuming hard data when there is none is an untenable situation and was one of the primary reasons for the dot-com failures.
If you are experienced Java professional and want to have a fast and quick way to pick up what's new in v5.0, then this book is for you. Each topic (generics, autoboxing, enums, for-each, static imports, varargs, annotations, formatter, scanner) is explained clearly and concisely with expressive code samples. Schildt even lets you in on how the compiler handles some of these syntax enhancements.By covering only what's new in Tiger, this fast paced guide gets you up to speed quickly, without rehashing what you already know. The world of Java is changing and no programmer can afford to be left behind. Herb Schildt show you how to move your programming skills to Java 2, v5.0
Many of those who have reviewed this book have missed the point.  Yes, the stories are disjointed and out of order.  Yes, the author leaves doubt as to whether some of the stories are truth or fiction.  But just as fisherman tell tall tales, they also tell us what the seas are like.  Through this book, we get an idea of what it was like to be one of the guys fighting in Vietnam.Vietnam was a different kind of war on many fronts.  It was a very brutal war in which many soldiers were unable to understand why they were even fighting.  Tim O'Brien is the storyteller of his times in Vietnam.  He is haunted by the images he sees in Vietnam.  These images, in conjunction with the images of his past, haunt him in the present.O'Brien leaves the reader a little disoriented with his related but unorganized stories until the last few pages.  In his conclusion, he admits that his storytelling is his mechanism for coping with his past.  By coping with his past, he allows his friends who have already passed to remain a part of him.While most books on war focus on the battles of a war or the poltical aspects of the conflict, this books focuses of the human beings who were troubled by fighting this ambiguous war.  For this insight, O'Brien should be comended.
I can't say enough good things about this book. I knew the minute I read what the book was about, it was going to be something I had to have. I was right! I was attached to this book in ways that I can't describe, except I do know that the last 40 pages or so, had me crying so hard, I couldn't see the words. All through the book, I laughed, I teared up and I said &quot;wow&quot; out loud, never knowing how it would end or what to expect from the story. Well, it bowled me over. At times I was a little confused and I would go back, check dates and reread passages, but it didn't matter. I was so involved with the story and characters, that I thought about them when I was away from the book. I am writing this right after I have finished reading it, so I am still a little overwhelmed, but if you are reading this review, and you like love stories, books about time travel or just an original story that is like no other, read this book. Ms. Niffenegger, thank you! What a roller coaster of a read, what a wonderful, beautiful love story.
I have read books in this field for a long time, from Moneylove, to Money is my Friend, to Catherine Ponder, to Wallace D. Wattles, to The Secret, to Ernest Holmes.  I don't know what happened; one day I forgave everyone who ever hurt me- did a real ho'oponopono, cut everything- and the next day, a check for $4,500 showed up, from a source I didn't expect a dime from.  I have 10 Murphy books, have read about 8.  I liked the other books I read- I needed them- however somehow I finally made my test, which was to have money show up after trying it.  Basically, Murphy says your life is the reflection of the predominant thoughts in your subconscious mind.  He suggests taking certain positive statements, 5-15 minutes/time, 2-3 times/day, in a very relaxed state, to tip the balance.  I haven't quite gotten into that rhythm, however, the check was very impressive.  I like this book.  Other people say what they say.  I like reviews that mention similar books, at least books on the same path, so I do that.Money Is My Friend,The Key to The Secret: How to Manifest from the Heart,The Reality Creation Technique, andJourney - Consciousness the New Currencyare also useful.
Bernstein's advice is to take a long step back from the daily market reports and concentrate on understanding how the markets work, the 'four pillars', and design your own investment strategy. Bernstein persuades us that with relatively little effort we can build an investment portfolio that is diversified, minimally expensive, and superior to most professionally managed accounts. An ability to estimate the long term return of the major asset classes is a critical skill. Failing to diversify across those asset classes is an investor's biggest risk. Students of modern portfolio theory (MPT) will find FOUR PILLARS to be a companion volume to Larry E. Swedroe's RATIONAL INVESTING IN IRRATIONAL TIMES. The markets are "brutally efficient". Avoid actively managed funds and use index funds to tap into the "collective wisdom" of the market. Market timing, stock-picking, and technical analysis don't work. Indexed securities may be a little dull, but the strategy outperforms the gurus. The first 'pillar' of the book is devoted to investment theory and historical returns of various asset classes. It's the longest section and some of the best material is here. In "Measuring the Beast" there is the the clearest explanation I have read of the dividend discount model (DDM) that is used to determine 'fair value'. This chapter also gives us the Gordon Equation to estimate market returns (Market Return = Dividend Yield + Dividend Growth Rate). Bernstein's conclusions are unsettling: The return of stocks and bonds will likely be similar in the future and their rates of return will probably be lower than in the past. There is no question that having an historical perspective on investment manias and crashes is an important second pillar of understanding for the informed investor. This history has been told before, but the material fits nicely. Bernstein's third pillar analyzes the behavioral errors investors routinely make. A need for excitement (viz. investors drawn towards low-probability/high-payoff situations) and a fundamental misunderstanding of risk/reward that leads investors to conclude that "great" companies must be winning stocks are just two errors that stand out. The fourth pillar of Bernstein's work is his shakiest. His caricature of the investment establishment that includes the brokerage community, mutual fund companies, and the media is painted with broad angry strokes. He is simply incorrect to say that brokers have no fiduciary responsibility towards their clients (It is required by the National Association of Security Dealers, NASD). On the other hand, his incisive analysis of the 401(k) retirement system is an important alarm. Bernstein's closing chapters address some of the big questions investors ask. His "back of the envelope" calculation for retirement nest eggs is as helpful as discovering a Leatherman Tool in your back-pocket. In a variety of investment scenarios the author ably demonstrates the application of his ideas in a specific and flexible manner. But it is fair to say that a typical portfolio will include US and foreign index equity assets with an emphasis on value (versus growth), short maturity bonds, and a real estate index fund. Serious investors will want to read this book.
It is a great and fun read. Captures the spirit of its time and has a really unexpected ending. I enjoyed it a good deal.
One of the main circumstances that made the Holocaust possible and still fuels the doubters that question whether it happened is that it is so unbelievable. The idea that a modern nation would develop the policy to simply exterminate an entire race of people was inconceivable before it happened. When the Jews of Wiesel's hometown of Sighet were told that the Nazis were killing all Jews, they reacted with disbelief. This was not just simply denial; there were many logical reasons to believe that it was just a vicious rumor. They could think of no reason why the Germans would kill off a valuable human asset, one that could aid them in their battle with their enemies.Unfortunately, as any intelligent person now understands, it was a brutal reality. Wiesel was a teenager when he and his Jewish neighbors were rounded up and taken to Auschwitz. Their lives immediately changed from one of neighborly assistance to one of every person for themselves, where the most precious item was food. Like so many other people, Wiesel was willing to barter everything he had, including the golden crown on his tooth, for more food. Children beat their own parents in the struggle for food and the most common thought when someone died was concerning whether they could get their food ration. Death was with them constantly; people lived for one day at a time.As a student of history, I know that the Holocaust took place, yet there are times when I find it difficult to fathom. The idea that people, including children, could be tossed into fires like old newspapers and that assembly line tactics would be invented to kill people is a difficult one to accept. My daughter read this book in her high school language arts class and she recommended that I read it. After doing so, I am happy that it is part of the reading curriculum, as it is a story that must never be forgotten. While this will not guarantee that it will never happen again, it will reduce the chances.
This is a wonderful book to master the basics of Italian.  The text is straight forward and is a wonderful place to start with learning this language.  When I started with Italian, this was the original textbook that was assigned to me.  Great place to start the Italian Language!
As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I am amazed by works like John Updike's RABBIT, RUN that seem fresh forever.  Published originally over four decades ago, it captures its time and its place with utter accuracy yet the novel still applies to our society that has been transformed in many significant ways since Rabbit Angstrom first appeared on the literary scene.  While he is destined for greater material success in Updike's later Rabbit novels, Rabbit is a salesman living a marginal life with an alcoholic wife in RABBIT, RUN.  Brilliant prose stylist that he is, Updike spins a winning story about these characters, and it is a story that will seemingly survive upon the American literary landscape for as long as there are readers of fine books.
Many thanks to that bon vivant and great conservative Taki Theodoracopulos for reminding me to read "The Razor's Edge" (See "Taki's Top Shelf," The American Conservative, October 2012). I watched the Bill Murray movie about a year ago, planting the seed of wanting to read the book. The seed did not sprout until Taki watered it. Cheers, My Teacher.Taki writes that our masters of the universe (read: denizens of Big Finance) would do well to ponder the life of the mind that keeps intruding in Somerset Maugham's superb novel and, as usual, he's right. Maugham describes his telling as "success" stories (see the book's final page) but most people commuting to jobs in lower Manhattan would likely disagree. Grand point by our author - What is success really?The spiritually attuned with see Larry Darrell as the big winner but Maugham is wise in noting that all characters got what they really wanted. As the Moody Blues ("Nights in White Satin") put it so well - "Just what you want to be, you will be in the end."Maugham, who is a character in the book, is honest and a pretty good detective as well. He cleverly roots out Isabel's ambush of Sophie. We're appalled at Isabel until we come face to face with the realization that Sophie could have righted herself at any time and married Larry. The Torah commands us not to put a stumbling block before the blind but from where I'm sitting Sophie doesn't appear blind. Nonetheless, her fate is a sad one.Our author brandishes his honesty again when he relates his admiration for Larry but admits being unable to live on that level because he (Maugham) is too much of the Earth (p. 313, Penguin 20th Century Classics Edition, 1992).Juxtaposing Larry and Elliott I hear the gentle tune (thank you for that phrase, Rabbi Daniel Lapin) of the story of Jacob and Esau. Larry and Elliott are not blood brothers but it's their spirits that draws our attention. Like Esau, Elliott is generous but his Roman Catholicism is more of a prop for this world than a map to the next world. Larry understands what Jacob Our Father understood - work for the next world and G-d throws in this world as a bonus. At novel's end, Larry has renounced glory-seeking in this world, becoming a partner with Vishnu the preserver (see Maugham's description of Larry's Hinduism) and squaring his shoulders toward the next world.Properly educated Jews should be able to spot Torah Lishmah (study for its own sake) and mitzvot (performance of the commandments) in this sentence (p. 274) - "He taught that work done with no selfish interest purifies the mind and duties are opportunities afforded to man to sink his separate self and become one with the universal self."We can see how Larry grows so why don't most of us follow him? Maugham's introductory quote from Katha--Upanishad about the sharp edge of a razor is a pretty good explanation. But a better one can be found in one word: fear. Notice how Larry identifies it (unlike any of the other characters) and thus strikes fear out.P. 246: "I found I was able to relieve people not only of pain but of fear. It's strange how many people suffer from it. I don't mean fear of closed spaces and fear of heights, but fear of death and, what's worse, fear of life. Often they're people who seem in the best of health, prosperous, without any worry, and yet they're tortured by it."
Great book, in excellent condition and exact material(even the exercise questions) as the updated edition.  Definitely a must-get, it is a rip-off to purchase the latest edition when this is available.
It's sometimes hard to review a technical book without reviewing the technology the book discusses so I'll start by stating that Microsoft Reporting Services impressed me greatly but Microsoft's documentation is as bad as always. There's room for improvement but it's already better than Crystal Reports. Now on to the book review.I am familiar with SQL Server and Crystal Reports so I was looking for a book that didn't spend too much time on stuff I already knew. This book spent the first three chapters discussing database basics so I skipped them.I started reading the book in earnest at chapter four which discusses the report wizards. This is a quick way to throw reports together in Visual Studio and Brian Larson presents the information logically and clearly. It became quickly clear that I was reading an exceptional book. I'm guessing Brian had an experienced editor because the book is largely free of the gramatical errors that have been plaguing technical books recently. What impresses me even more is that all the examples worked flawlessly and were meaningful exercises that I will refer back to as I start to implement Reporting Services.The book references a database you need to download from the Osborne website. The instructions to do so are very clear and I had no problems whatsoever downloading and installing it. The only problem I had was that the user id in the examples (GalacticReporting) does not have access to the stored procedures. You need to give GalRep the 'Reporting' role. Minor problem.Brian, correctly, doesn't spend much time on the wizards and quickly gets into the meat of the application guiding the reader through successively more complex reporting scenarios. At first tasks are performed using point-and-click methods, then using quicker but more advanced methods. Finally Brian started taking shortcuts such as providing stored procedures. I saw Brian using this technique all through the book and I liked it.The first real problem I encountered with the book in is chapter 10 in the section on deploying custom assemblies. This is an area that Reporting Services is very weak and I hope to see Microsoft improve in future releases. You have two options - alter the config file or deploy via the GAC. Brian only mentions the first option and very poorly. He doesn't mention the GAC at all whereas I think the GAC is the better option. But in the next section on security Brian is back to his old form and does a splendid job of explaining a subject I normally have a very hard time with.The explanation of report caching, snapshots, and subscriptions is exceptionally good and does a great job of explaining these potentially confusing subjects. Again, his examples are well thought out and very simple to follow. As they occur after the section on security he points out what security tasks/roles are required to perform these function which was a great idea.I wish Brian had spent a little more time explaining the logging mechanism in chapter 11. He refers the reader to the Microsoft documentation which is actually wrong. The book could have spent half a page explaining how to create and populate the logging database and implementing the sample reports. It would have saved me a lot of trouble.The only other issue I have with the book is late in chapter 12 where Brian explains how to implement a custom, forms-based, security model. The example works well especially considering how complex it is, but I could not get the debugger to attach to the authentication dll even though I followed Brian's instructions to the letter. However, having Googled the problem it seems many, many people have problems attaching the Visual Studio debugger to already running threads so I suspect Bill should take some of the blame at least.Overall Brian Larson should be very pleased with his work. It's well worth the money and he has done us all a great service. He should buy his editor a beer too.
'&#65532;Occidental Mythology', to say it coarsely, renders the murder culture eventually comprehensive. It is Joseph Campbell&#8217;s merit to have unveiled Isis a second time, after her first veil was torn down by Helena Blavatsky &#8230;It all started with a murder, the Murder of the Goddess, and it became the mold of all the murders perpetrated thereafter. And he, the scholar, politely talks about ambivalence and inversion for explaining that the basic symbols of the Bible address a pictorial message to the heart that exactly reverses the verbal message addressed to the brain, and that this nervous discord inhabits both Christianity and Islam as well as Judaism, since they too share in the legacy of the Old Testament. We do have a constant rhetoric in the Bible that uses the word &#8216;love&#8217; like a strange kind of balm for the wounds torn by violence and the patriarchal fear of the female.The &#8216;fury of fire and sword&#8217;, as Riane Eisler called it in The Chalice and the Blade (2005), was in Campbell&#8217;s opinion a moralistic neurosis as the point of departure of patriarchy.He speaks about an infantile thinking in opposites that typically is marked by an almost total absence of holistic intuition, association and synthesis. It is a stiff and inflexible, and neurotic left-brain concept, called the &#8216;solar worldview.&#8217;If this worldview would be a historical artifact, we could relegate it to the history department. But we are not yet beyond the solar worldview, as it has become rather popular again, with religious and political fundamentalism, and a widespread moralistic attitude pervading public discussions. And one may ask why humanity has developed a solar worldview in the first place?Campbell precedes Eisler&#8217;s reports of a matriarchal reign of peace and partnership contrasting strongly with the later inverted culture, and having had its peak in Crete, the great Minoan Civilization.After the peaceful, emotionally intelligent, wistful and abundantly joyful Minoan Civilization was ravaged and burnt to ashes, an upside-down movement set in that Campbell well describes as a rewriting of mythology, that resulted in attributing to most deities the exact opposite values they have had before; it was a forum of cultural brainwashing. All cultural values were turned to their opposite. As a result, something like a new morality came up at that time of early patriarchy that is based upon the demonization of the autonomous, wistful and knowledgeable female:&#8212;The Babylonian epic of Creation is a forthright patriarchal document, where the female principle is devaluated, together with its point of view, and, as always happens when a power of nature and the psyche is excluded from its place, it has turned into its negative, as a demoness, dangerous and fierce./86And here we see why the serpent became a demon, and a seducer, and why native cultures, with their natural integrative attitude toward nature and the female, have been largely decimated over the course of patriarchy.Studying the research undertaken by Joseph Campbell gives us the opportunity to be informed and enlightened about the infamous cultural betrayal that is part of our past as a civilization, with all the consequences this entails. One of them namely is our problem with controlling violence and abuse. Fact is that patriarchy has made of abuse an automatism. It has built abuse right in its cultural and social setting. It has made abuse inevitable, and this is logically so, as this cultural paradigm came about through murder and abuse, and the ravaging of &#8216;the children of the enemy&#8217;, when the strong-and-righteous were taking over the non-believers. And we can even go as far as saying that patriarchy is per se a form of ritual abuse of nature. And that is why we have to overcome the cultural betrayal of patriarchy and not for any other less important, reason!
Wexford has retired from active service but still 'advises', which means that we still get the benefit of his sharp mind and his wit. The set up makes for an enjoyable read.
I responded to a request from the author to review this book.  And I am really glad I did.I, like most marketing professionals honest enough to admit it, am constantly trying to better understand how to use new platforms like Facebook, Twitter and other "social" networks in marketing.  While I had heard some of what is covered in this book before, there is a lot I had not, and Dave's writing style is easy to digest and learn from as I went through the book.Highlights for me were the sections on:"Likes are more important than links" and how a strong Facebook strategy can drive a lot of traffic and attention to your core messages.  Ten years ago, it was all about building a web site, optimizing for SEO and driving cross linkages.  Dave makes some great arguments about how a holistic approach to Facebook can drive far more reception and attention to your core marketing efforts today.  Interesting and thought-provoking."The Brilliance of the Facebook News Feed" and the pages on how Edgerank works to drive notice of your messages and how it all works together around likes, time of day, etc, etc.  Very clear explanation of how Facebook algorithms work, and what this means to a marketing pro.  These few pages are must reads!And the areas around creating your company's own Facebook presence; what works and what doesn't; etc are all thought-provoking and already causing some discussions inside our own company about our strategy for Facebook and how we should (and should NOT) use this as part of our overall efforts.Great book.  Well written.  Must have for anyone trying to navigate Facebook and understand how to better apply it in the marketing mix.  I'm sharing three more copies with others on my team.Gary LeeCEO, mBLAST[...]
A writer's maxim: "Write what you know." I enjoy Grisham's pure legal thrillers mostly as good page-turners with inside dope on the law. He apparently didn't spend that much of his life being a lawyer, and it's not what he knows best. Small-town Southern life is."The Last Juror" returns to the scene of my favorite Grisham, his first, "A Time To Kill." I like Grisham better when he colors in his books with Southern life, as he does with these and "A Painted House", than in his relatively two-dimensional legal thrillers.Other critics here fault this book for meandering. I don't see it that way. What's fine here is his portrayal of life in Clanton, Mississippi, with its eccentric characters, peculiar ways and intense, insular community life. You can taste it and smell it. The central plot element, a brutal rape and murder committed by a scion of an insular local crime family, serves to tie it all together, but at the end of the day, is secondary. This is really a coming-of-age tale about a college dropout, Willie Traynor, who finds himself and grows up after borrowing money from his rich grandmother to buy a failing local weekly.True, some elements never get neatly tied up. At the end you realize the plot wasn't really the star.Traynor, like most Grisham protagonists, has little family. But we never really find out much about the eccentric father from whom he is estranged, nor does anything develop there. We never find out who murders a key witness in the trial. Traynor never finds true love, despite musing about it constantly. And a tense subplot involving a black teenager on the run after dallying with the wife of a white cop is resolved in an offhand manner.What's good here is the character development. You watch Traynor learn newspapering on the fly, grappling with desegregation, local justice, corruption and Vietnam. Traynor develops a friendship with an older black woman, the mother of seven PhDs and the sort of "credit to her race" needed to anchor the newspaper's first feature stories on black people. Through her eyes he develops a fuller understanding of the town. The lunches they eat constitute an assault of mouthwatering Southern cooking armed by her inexhaustible garden and flanked by desserts of innumerable kinds of cake and pie.Grisham's sense of small-town newspapering is reasonably strong. A small town editor may run a one-man show, personally cranking out a dozen or two stories each week just to fill the paper. He churns the lightest fluff to do so. In a small town, folks love the fluff, as it's about themselves and their friends. (Or enemies.)The ending fails to surprise. The twist was so obvious I thought a second twist would lie beneath it. But this book isn't about neatly tying up one particular crime, even one which concatenates through a decade of the town's life. It's a slice of time and place - a town which changes as good ole boys start growing pot and other good ole boys start smoking it; where the sons of patriotic veterans sour on a seemingly endless war; where a corrupt family begins losing its century-old grip; where schools begin to desegregate; where big-box stores erode downtown business and town-square life; where racial issues aren't solved in a minute but neither devolve into lynchings or cross burnings. Clanton begins easing into the future, as Traynor himself does. Unlike Grisham's many disillusioned young lawyers, Traynor doesn't hate what he does by book's end nor toss it into the dust Gary Cooper-style. He doesn't open a secret bank account in the Cayman Islands. He's just ready to move on.It has the feel of real life, ending when this phase of Traynor's life ends, not when every mystery gets solved. Life's mysteries rarely do.
`Silk' by Alessandro Baricco is a poetic, sensual novel set in 1862, France. The book is moderately short, but the quality of the writing transports you with the descriptions of beauty and eroticism.This is the tale of Herv&eacute; Joncour, a silkworm merchant who is married to the beautiful H&eacute;l&egrave;ne Joncour.  Herv&eacute; is convinced by Baldabiou, a businessman, to travel in search of silkworm eggs in order to save the silk-making business. During his travel to Japan, he becomes infatuated with a Japanese concubine. When he returns home to France, he cannot forget the Japanese beauty and continues to obsessively long for her.
This was much more than the usual book about someone living in a third world country.  The plot was complex, the character development was full and rich, and the details about health care in an African nation were accurate and inspiring.  One particular example was the church in the US that eventually decided to fund the clinic indefinitely.  Like micro-loans, this enabled the nun running the clinic to focus on the needs of the patients rather than constantly worrying about the next source of money.  The sections set in the US also provide important details about the experience foreign doctors encounter in the US.  I'd like to see this book become a best-seller and, perhaps, made into a feature film.
Harrison's is a 2-volume 2012 18th edition of this respected series is a standard in its field.  Readers of compendia of this sort will find comprehensive coverage of the state of knowledge and practice at the time of writing.  They need to be aware that new research findings lead to constant updating of the knowledge base.  While it is highly likely that the information in this edition is state of art, there is the lingering chance that something newere is out there.  That is the problem with printed text in a field of knowledge that can never be truly 'final'.  Harrison's tries to compensate for this by including with the set a DVD filled with hands-on information for the practitioner that is coupled with an invitation to subscribe to a service that brings constant updates to the field.  General non-practitioner users of Harrison's are unlikely to subscribe to this service and need to rely of their own internal medicine specialist to remain up-to-date with ongoing developments.  For example, 'swine flu' does not appear as a covered topic, even though media reports are likely to refer to the infection in this way.  The scope of the set is immense, while comprehensive indexing makes most of it readily accessible.  I purchased a supposedly used copy but was not able to distinguish it from new stock in a specialty bookstore.
Dear Reader, The word "carnivorous," which appears in the title of this book, means "meat-eating," and once you have read such a bloodthirsty word, there is no read any further. This carnivorous volume contains such a distressing story that consuming any of it's contents would be far more stomach-turning than even the most imbalanced meal. To avoid causing discomfort, it would be best if I didn't mention any of the unnerving ingredients of this story, particularly a confusing map, an ambidexterous person, an unruly crowd, a wooden plank, and Chabo the Wolf Baby. Sadly for me, my time is filled with researching and recording the displeasing and disenchanting lives of the Baudelaire orphans. But your time might be better filled with something more palatable, such as eating your vegetables, or feeding them to something else. With all due respect, Lemony Snicket  - from book's back cover
This is a great book ever. you will love it. Prepare for the change coming to your life. Good luck.
A chance meeting with a Mr Powell leads Marlow to recollect his chance connections To the Feins-and Mrs Feins' brother Captain Anthony ; his chance meeting with Flora De Barrel,daughter of a disgraced financier,and their elopement on Anthonys ship.Chance occurances and happenings connect lifes machinations according to Conrad, and this story unfolds gracefully on such chances ,with the proceedings kept in witty check by Marlows narration.Conrad is the master of descriptive, meticulously detailed story telling and 'Chance' is no exception to this rule. Perhaps a little over long, and your sympathies wax and wane at times, but a great tale written in a style and manner few in the past-and possibly none today-could match and master,
Your Credit Score by Liz Weston provides sound financial advice in an accessible, readable presentation; with the first half of the book dedicated to a discussion of how credit scores are compiled and how to manage your credit scores. The second half of the book has a less general application, but is must reading for those with credit issues, particularly those seeking to rebuild a damaged credit history. The potential impact of credit scores on insurance premiums and the job search may also come as a surprise to readers.I would suggest, however, that if the reader's primary interest is the FICO score, they should first check out Understanding Your FICO Score, a 20-page booklet available free on the myfico.com website. This covers much of the material in Chapters 1 and 2 of Your Credit Score. If you want to learn more, I would then turn to Weston's book.Readers who paid for a credit score online, expecting a FICO score, but receiving a VantageScore instead, will be particularly interested in Weston's Chapter 3. While the three major credit bureaus promote VantageScore as a superior alternative to FICO, Weston provides some valuable insights on the VantageScore vis-a-vis FICO; Weston also indicates free sources for VantageScore, saving the reader a typical $7.95 (or more) that many pay for this score.So, my only caution to readers is that about one-half of the book has general applications for all readers and the other half is primarily relevant to those in financial distress. If you are not facing credit issues, you may wish to closely examine the Table of Contents to determine if Your Credit Score is right for you.
This is truly one of the most well written books I've read in recent years. Captivating characterizations and a spellbinding story bring to life the Princeton Campus and those who live there. Painting a picture of college friendships and of obsessions and how we deal with them, the authors are able to give us history, literature, intrigue, mystery, and more.Following the lives of four Princeton seniors over the few days leading up to Easter, the authors parallel this with the history of one of the boys and his father's obsession with the same book that now consumes the boy's roommate, and, intermittently, the boy himself. The book itself seems almost a character as it sucks people into a maelstrom of jealousy, mayhem, and murder.The clues to the deciphering of the ancient book are as fascinating as the murder, and indeed, often the Hypnerotomachia is the more fascinating of the two. This book will make you want to read the Hypnerotomachia Poliphili for yourself.The authors do an amazing job creating the obsessions of the characters--you feel their desire to unravel the mysteries of the book, you rejoice with their victories, and you live their defeats.As for the comparisons with The DaVinci Code, make them if you must, but aside from the fact that each story unravels over a very short period of time, there are no real similarities.
I used this book so often it became dog-eared.  It has everything in it!However, as this type of book is wont to do:  each indicator in the natal chart is handled indivdually, so you have to do your own synthecizing....which can be done, of course.  If you have a difficult Saturn aspect to the Sun, for instance, but great ones from Saturn to almost all your other personal planets, you have to bear that in mind as you read the Sun/Saturn square paragraph.BUY THIS BOOK.
I honestly was not expecting this one to be anything and it turned out to be spectacular!  I loved the story and the relationship that develops is incrdible.  Diana Gabaldon does an amazing job in describing the Scotland landscape. You can see the castles and the period clothing.  She does a wonderful job with the historical fiction and not only do you build a strong connection between the characters you also feel like you learn a bit about what life might of been like in the 1700's.  I do recommend this to anyone that asks.  I even gave a copy of it to my book club for Christmas!  Good stuff!!!
very good. Read in my year of self study of Steinbeck. Enjoyed this one.  If you like Steinbeck, don't hesitate with this one.
This book used to be required reading, and then the world was a better place. These days kids think they have it so hard and life is so tough. The main reason is they never read about Holden. Anyone that reads about this kid will know that their life isn't that hard. I believe this book should be read by every kid that turns 13.
Harry `Rabbit' Angstrom is an anti-hero for 1960s America and for modern times: self-centred, irresponsible, sybaritic, pusillanimous. Rabbit is an ex-college basketball player. He is spoilt, though he does have an intermittently functioning conscience. And he decides his layabout wife and his job as a potato-peeler salesman are not what he expected from life: such is the premise of Rabbit, Run, a self-contained novel that became the first piece of a four-part series.Rabbit, Run brushes aside money to suggest sport and religion are what American mores are about. For despite its premise, the book soon parts with beat-generation road-novel stereotypes. What interests Updike isn't so much that giddy ride into the unknown, but what happens back home, the tug-of-war of flight and gravity more than flight itself. Rabbit, Run thus resembles a darker version of the movie The Graduate more than On The Road. Rabbit becomes involved with a loose woman as he is chased about by a local pastor. This makes for a slow, sometimes un-engaging middle third of the story, especially since Updike's characters are meant as realistic more than appealing. Nevertheless, the novel picks up pace towards the end. And if it has mildly aged since it was written - one scene, involving fellatio, was evidently expected to shock and was indeed censored in the first edition - Rabbit, Run remains highly readable and interesting.
I am a translator and this book is a great help to me. The content of the book will help you with those phrases you would have to be a native speaker to know. It's the inside scoop to Spanish idioms and you need this book!!
When it was written people thought it was devastatingly funny.  In December 2009 it is not funny. If you want to understand how Wall Street has driven the world over the edge read this book. The history of mortgaged backed securities is here is here is a nut shell.  The greed that runs Wall Street is  here along with the mind set that drives it.  I suggest you read this book as background before you get the next part in March 2010- The Big Short: Inside the Doomsday Machine.The Big Short: Inside the Doomsday Machine
My mother-in-law recommended this book to me and had she not I might not have ever been lucky enough to experience this beautiful story.  I am not normally one to read books with "abstract" ideas or plotlines, but this was basically a love story that was so endearing.  I really enjoyed the story of Henry and Clare and their love that lasted practically her whole life time.  It really is an amazing story.
I was introduced to this book during a graduate brush up course to pass a language exam. I have taken a year of college French but had been away from it for about 5 years so I could not remember as much as I would have liked. The approach is so intuitive--it starts with mostly French words which sound and have approximately the same meaning as their English counterparts so even brand new beginners can use this book.In fact, I wish I had this book prior to taking college French because this book made better sense of some of the concepts that troubled me in the past and presented them in a way that I was able to catch on to them easily and quickly. I highly recommend this book to everyone-- especially those who are taking software courses like Rosetta Stone because this is instructive of French grammar.Each chapter:-Starts with a vocabulary and/or grammar lesson that is very short, to the point with examples- then you read French sentences on the right column of the page with English translation on the left-- which you cover with a piece of paper. Once you translate on the right side -- you move the piece of paper and check your answers. As you move along, you are supposed to underline words you don't know and make flash cards-When new words are introduced, they are bolded above the sentence so you can plug the meaning into the translation and learn new phrases--The sentences you read throughout the chapter are relevant to a paragraph that you have to translate at the end of each chapter. The paragraph is usually followed by question and answers. The author also tests with a couple multiple choice questions where you get the answers.-once you master each chapter--you move onto the next!Some things worth noting:-the sentences are geared toward reading scholarly works--such as scientific or political topics because it is geared toward graduate students needing to pass a language exam. The great thing about that is that you learn words on phrases that are essential to reading or writing French that you may not learn in a typical French course until much later.-after you complete this book-your ability to read in French will only be constrained by your vocabulary. So brush up on that after and you will really be on your wayBottom line: this book has helped so much. Use it to brush up, to start if youre a beginner or to supplement your Rosetta Stone/online course studies. It will not teach you to speak French -- but it will teach you to read it and will make learning to write French SO much easier
after reading various books on finance/investing/money, i found it highly refreshing to read a story-based book... one that encapsulates the joys and spoils of being a bond trader during the days of michael milken, salomon brothers and the likes.gaining an inside perspective of how the market functions and who the money movers are is truly educational... being blind to the stories in this book is like trying to sail in the ocean without a mast!although i found the book to be gauged in the days when bonds were hot and exciting, the overall reading experience was great.from bonds, to mortgages, to interest rates, to the federal reserve, to bust... worth your time. enjoy...
Not as engrossing as some of Murakami's other writings.  I'm biased though, unjustifiably I think he is a better short story writer than he is a novelist...much like Lahiri.
Hans Selye is a genius. The theories herein on the GAS are incredibly interesting to professionals and even the less informed readers alike.
For a gift and came on time.  New condition new publication  Not read it, but for interested people who look for embellishment in unrecorded history.  Cover is a catch all of content..
As a business psychologist I've done a lot of reading on the psychology of peak performance. This book stands out because of the author's unique background and perspective. An athlete himself and performance coach to athletes ranging from inner city youth to professional athletes, his experience is based on real world results.Unlike many areas in which we strive to be successful, sports have clearly defined metrics of success. You win or you lose. And if you lose it's often by a matter of fractions of seconds. The fact that he's helped athletes win in highly competitive sports captured my attention.Athletes train for years, perhaps their whole lives, to win in their sports, and when they are "on" the pressure is certainly on... to a level that most of us have never experienced.What are these athletes doing to get in the zone and perform at their best despite INTENSE pressure?I was pleased to see that the author answered this question-- what they do, he explains, is build up their mental toughness, before, during, and after their athletic performances.With many engaging examples and discussions, he boils the how (to build mental toughness) down to 3 main points and shares specific ways to develop each.Peak performers of all types:1) Are aligned with what's most important to them (which ironically is NOT the outcome of the performance).2) Have winning routines and ways to manage their anxiety and energy3) Know how to be poised, fully present, and focused in the momentIn today's economy, mental toughness is of paramount importance. It is easy for stress and anxiety to take over, making us less confident and unfocused, and preventing us from performing at our best. This book is particularly relevant today yet the skills are timeless. I can imagine using the same skills 20 years from now.If you're interested in learning how to have more poise and less mental stress, even in high pressure performance situations, I highly recommend this book.
The myriad of topics touched in this book (107 of them!) are each power-punched two-pagers of reality checks on how relationships work in the real world.  These principles and pieces of advice could be applied in both romantic and platonic relationships, and many of them boil down to being kind and respectful and reasonable in your interactions.Coming into it with an open mind, I truly think this is a valuable little book to keep you mindful in your relationships.
I applaud Kathy Reichs, her books are interesting and informative. It's more than just a good mystery, its educational suspenseful!
Since my husband lived in Florida for some of his growing up years, I love the history of Florida that Lois Lenski wove into the story.
This is one of the best autobiographies I've ever read.  The stories are hilarious and moving in turn.  I never appreciated David Niven much as an actor, but his writing is first-rate.My idea of heaven includes David  Niven at the dinner table.  I can't wait to read his other books!
Excellent starters guide to the Pi and Python. After un boxing and connecting up my PI, this was the perfect companion to the product. I was programming just minutes after getting the OS loaded.
I've read this book about ten times over many years and every time I read it I get something new from it, plus it's fun to read. I've probably given away five copies to people I think will get something out of it. Read and enjoy!
I read the entire book (not just a preview as other reviewers did) and enjoyed it immensely.  The author was able to take normally dry-as-dust information and make it very readable and approachable for all ages from YA up, and for those who have no medical background or knowledge.  The breakthroughs listed were all very insightful, and the background given on each was detailed and informative without being stoodgy or an information overload.  The 10th chapter, on alternative medicine appears somewhat controversial, but it is still very interesting reading.  It also provides a real-life example of the human stubbornness, close-mindedness, and adversion to change that made all the prior 9 breakthroughs have to wait years, decades, even generations, before they were accepted.  An excellent, easy read, and highly recommended for anyone looking for a little insight on how medicine has changed peoples' lives through history.  Incidentally, what breakthroughs to list were not determined by the author, but by a general poll, where the 11,000+ responses were broken down to a 'top 15' and then to a 'top 10' (this is explained in some detail in the introduction/preface).
I just finished reading it after finding it hidden away for a couple of years. I had originally ordered it from flyers we got in public school, and at eleven I remember really enjoying it. I am now eighteen, and I decided to read it again before perhaps giving it away.I have now rejected any thought of giving it away because I have realized that it is a truly awesome book. Not only is it completely hilarious, and I still find it amusing at eighteen, but it's also very interesting because it is historically accurate and actually brings you into the year 1290..with an insanely lovable character.I would recommend this book to anyone..of any age..because anyone could at least get a laugh out of it if not appreciate it for all it is...which is absolutely wonderful.
Digital video is pretty high up there in terms of things that are not Computer Science 101; although most people who've sat down with non-linear editing software know some of the basics of how different codecs work, actually being able to work with video data on a binary level is another issue entirely, with various issues ranging from relatively simple (intraframe compression vs. GoP, container vs data format) to things that border on black magic (the many different compression algorithms themselves, various issues of visual response and psychoacoustics). This book provides a decent course on the matter.This is undeniably a textbook. You aren't going to pick this up for casual reading, just to understand what goes on when you hit record on the camcorder; there are more accessible works for that (although the best I've seen on the Web, Adam Wilt's DV FAQ, is rather out of date and deals only with SD formats, since it focuses primarily on MiniDV and relatives). You also aren't going to get much education in analog TV standards; while analog isn't completely dead (there are lots of tube TVs and VCRs out there), it's only relevant as a last-meter kind of thing, and the author turned most of his material on that subject into a separate e-book. It's also strictly math and theory; this is not a book about video editing or composition, and it's not a book about gear.Long story short: if I was going back to school, and I was taking a course in digital video, this would be the book I'd hope to be using.
There's not much to say about this book except buy it if you need to write and if you need to use words to persuade. I keep this book at my computer --- inches away from my right hand as I write for clients.Highly recommended.Susanna K. Hutcheson...
I gave this 5 stars because it's an achievement for the author to put all this together. I enjoyed it all and learned a lot. There were times I couldn't put it down.  I almost held back a star because sometimes I lost the forest for the trees.  This cries out to be published as three solid volumes because two dynamic lives and several periods of history (US: post-Civil War, Gilded Age, Sufferage Movement/War and Europe: Victorian, Edwardian, Suffrage, War, Peace, War) are too much to be crammed into one book.Mackenzie Stuart gives us a riviting description of how Alva took the less than 400 caliber Vanderbilt Family to the pinnacle of American social prominence through determination, further inherited $, architectually distinctive houses and great entertaining. Alva, perhaps understood society of her times all too well.  The only career for a woman was the one that she had, so she made certain her daughter had the tools of the trade (thereby cementing her position as well).  She groomed Consuelo through carefully supervised tutoring, backbraces for regal posture, hectoring and isolation for a role in the European aristocracy.Untold is William K. Vanderbilt's family role, how Alva raised the sons or how Consuelo related to the male family members. I'd like a little more on Rutherford.  The Lucy Mercer connection alone makes him more worthy than Alva's dimissive opinion.  Did Alva bootstrap all the other Vanderbilts and the Smiths with her?  How did they respond to society and the sequestering of Consuelo?  Three volumes would allow for this.Stuart Mackenzie's description of the Consuelo's welcome to rural feudal England of the 1890's is amazing.  Also amazing are descriptions of how the aristocracy barged in on one another for extended stays expecting to be dined and constantly entertained.  For the Prince of Wales' visit the Marlboroughs puchased new wardrobes so they could change 6 times each day.  Logistics managed by the young Duchess included seating protocol for the aristocrats, but also the mixing of household servants (can a governess of a future Prince of Wales, dine with a governess of a young Duke? and there was only one bathroom in Blenheim).Another reviewer noted an error in the section about the Tzarina which was probably due to so much content cramming.  I missed the error because I stuck on the meaning of Alexandra's not granting the Marlboroughs an "audience". (Were the Marlboroughs snubbed?) I think a 3 vol. treatment would have been more thorough here and would have time to analyse the begging question: Did Consuelo do for the Marlboroughs what Alva did for the Vanderbilts? and smaller curiosities: the effects of the joint custody arrangement... the Duke's finances without Consuelo.. society's reaction to the Duke's courtship of/marriage to Gladys... Alva's reaction to the divorce... William K's expanded role... Consuelo's route to activism.The sections on activism, the war, and Alva and Consuelo's later life don't seem to have the energy of the earlier chapters.  While this is a tremendous compilation of the known record, the author (perhaps exhausted from the first two parts) seems to lose the personal relationship she has with her subjects.This could be a magnificent trilogy.  The author has a great style, extensive knowledge of the period and a love for her subjects. Fortunately (because it's a good book and needs to be read and acknowledged) and unfortunately (because there are holes), this book is done. We readers will have to wait for others to fill in the blanks.
Touching story. Highly recommend for anyone studying African rituals and young girls. Very sad and heartbreaking to know female genital mutilation is still practiced in so many parts of the world.
While this book is not necessarily a "Betsy-Tacy" book, it does (IMHO) rank up there with the best of the Lovelace series, especially as it appeals to an adult looking for recreational reading. Not that younger readers (the vast majority of the "B-T Fan club") couldn't enjoy it, but Lovelace tackles some social as well as adult emotional issues in this book that are lacking in the "B-T" books, or are arrived at more blithely, precisely because the characters (Betsy vs Emily) are so vastly different, tempermentally. As a man, I'd say that this book has far less saccharine in it, than the B-T books.Don't get me wrong! I 'found' these books when my children came of 'reading to' age, and, since we HS, we all enjoyed them immensely. Especially as we live near enough to "Deep Valley," to make a pilgrimage to see where "Betsy and Tacy really lived." That was a field trip I'll long remember, and so will the kids!What appeals to me in this book, is the female protagonist, and her mix of compassion and strength. She is determined, strong of character, no-nonsense, and yet loving, needing to be loved, and eventually finding love. She (dare I say it?) embodied characteristics of a typical Minnesota woman, and reminded me of both my mother and my wife..which is high praise, in my book!  'Emily of Deep Valley' was one of those moments in life, when a work of literature actually embodies human emotion, causes you to identify, makes you remember your own life lived, and simply, truly moves one.I am surprised that (as an actor/singer) no one has made a film or concocted a children's musical/opera of any of these books. They embody the best of American humanity [prior to a multicultural age] I have read in a long time. I can say honestly, I will return to visit Emily another spring, to enjoy her story all over again, and will encourage my daughter to do the same, when she becomes a teenager.
Most cycling fans have read the books (fictional and biographical) about Armstrong, Merx, Millar, Cavendish, Hamilton and Lemond, and they provide a view from the lofty heights of the sport.  But what about the other 99% of the guys that give a race it's shape and substance?  Charley Wegelius tells that story with insight and humanity.  He tells it like it is and doesn't glamorize the game at all.  He's honest about his own shortcomings and mistakes which one must imagine are common to many in the great army of cycling pros.  He writes well and this tome is a nice complement to the books by the stars.  A recommended read.
A short novel, loaded with atmosphere and historical details of life in Europe after WWII... Graham Green is a keen observer of both times and of human character. His handling of matters of the heart and conscience is sensitive and extremely convincing. An unforgettable story for those who love history, and for those who want to know how it felt to be there at the time...
This collection contains all Nietzsche's most important texts, except `Beyond Good and Evil'.In those texts, Nietzsche shouts, exhorts, explains or translates via metaphors, poems, pastiches, maxims and aphorisms in a manic delirious style his vision on life, man and woman, good and evil, freedom, `natural' laws and abject institutions (State and Church).Extreme disappointment in mankindIn `Thus spoke Zarathustra', Nietzsche clamors, that `God died, and that now we want the `bermensch' to live.' But, why not man?Nietzsche is extremely disappointed by man's refusal to live a `natural' life, instead of that of a slave: `I walk among men as among the fragments and limbs of men - but no human beings.'`Man is something that must be overcome.' We must prepare the emergence of `bermenschen'.One of the few `bermenschen' he saw around him (Richard Wagner) turned at the end of his life with his opera `Parsifal' into an `Orpheus of secret misery', defending `Rome's faith without the text'.What is this `natural' life?`Natural' life is unfettered freedom. Man should create his own laws of good and evil: `Can you be your own judge and avenger of your law?'Life is selfishness, the will to assume responsibility for oneself, the lust to rule, to live `with the manly instincts which delight in war and victory.' To be one who is prepared to sacrifice human beings for one's own cause.(!)CulpritsThe culprits of the fact, that mankind lives in fetters, are Christianity, the philosophers of reason, the defenders of equal rights for everyman and the State.ChristianityThe Christian morality is anti-natural, because it is against the body, the senses, the instincts. It is the negation of the will to live, reducing mankind to a kind of self-violation.The doctrine of personal immortality places life`s centre of gravity not in life, but in the `beyond'. One should strangle the `strangler that is called `sin'. Christianity turns man into a domestic sick animal.Against reasonThe morality of reason (rationality at any price) suppresses the dark appetite, the instincts, the unconscious. Nietzsche shouts against Kant that `every man has to invent his own categorical imperative'. The world doesn't form a unity, a `spirit' (Hegel), so that nobody is held responsible any longer.InequalityAgainst the French revolutionaries, `preachers of equality, the tyrannomania of impotence', he clamors: `Men are not equal. Nor shall they become equal! And they should have no right to want to be equal.' `The inequality of rights is the first condition for the existence of any rights at all.'State`State is the name of the coldest of all cold monsters, a hypocritical hound.'Misogyny, eternal recurrenceWomen are still cats and birds, or at best, cows. They should be educated for the recreation of the warriors.Nietzsche's theory of eternal recurrence is in contradiction with his wish of the emergence of the `bermensch'.UnacceptableNietzsche was a fundamental anti-democrat. His eugenic propositions (extermination of the weak) are a slap in the face of mankind.His admiration of war is, today more than ever, an insult of humanity. His heroes, Napoleon and Julius Caesar, were two war criminals.His misogyny is abject: `the agony of women giving birth must be there eternally'.InfluenceThe Nazis adopted his racist (`if one wants slaves, then one is a fool to educate them to be masters') and eugenic views.Carl Schmitt founded his theory of nation building on Nietzsche precept that a `Reich needs enemies'.His influence on world literature cannot be underestimated (a few names: D.H. Lawrence, E. J&uuml;nger, G. Benn, G. d'Annunzio, K. Hamsun).With his exceptional polemic talent (`Seneca, the toreador of virtue') and a sometimes unforgiving, arrogant, haughty, foaming and aggressive voice, Nietzsche wrote a formidable Homeric battle for the freedom of man against those who (continue to try to) put him in fetters. Of course, some of his viewpoints are unacceptable. But, all in all, these are still profoundly disturbing texts.A must read.
I can't believe it took me, an Eng Lit major, 40 years to "discover" Delillo. Indeed I only learned of him through his endorsements of several lesser talents.They asked Joseph Heller why he'd never written another book as good as Catch-22. He replied, "Who has?"And the answer is, Don Delillo.I'd like to see a new edition with some of the tedious game descriptions cut down. They neither advance the story nor the characters. I just went flip-flip right through that whole chapter waiting for something to happen. And I missed not a thing. Feel free to emulate me.Don Delillo is witty and brilliant. I loved this book. I will read it (well, most of it) again and again.
If you are looking for a piece of fine literature that contains a great story, then this book is for you!  Along with being well written, this tale was full of detail and suspense; as a reader I was really able to get to know the characters well and was able to "feel" the surroundings as the journey unfolded.  I was also prompted to continue on reading as certain events in the book suggested uncertain outcomes.  This all made reading the story a wonderfully entertaining and educational experience!
Essential book for any kind of editor. My 30-year old copy needed replacing. Where else to look but Amazon? It came in less time than predicted. A treasure to me.
I bought this on Kindle because it was very cheap - when I received it I was thrilled to bits - it is really an excellent vegetarian cook book with lots of good ideas.  Ottolenghi does have great recipes - I have another book of his and have already used the recipes with great success.  I am sure that Plenty will give me lots of new ideas for the future!  It is a delight.
Elie Wiesel was just a teen when his remote village in Hungary was occupied by the Nazis.  With frightening speed, the Jewish population lost their rights and were herded into two ghettos before finally being evacuated.  This type of story has been told many times in books and movies; however, "Night" still stands as a classic.  What stunned me is the fearlessness with which Wiesel explores the dark recesses of his psyche.  Presenting himself not as a hero, he depicts the base human desire for survival.  So many other sources have detailed the horrors of the concentration camps (the selection processes, hunger, death) but few have made it so personal.  Despite the brevity of this novel, Wiesel manages to fully convey the day-to-day struggles endured in these camps.  I found myself highlighting passage after passage.I'm really pleased that "Night" is finally available on Kindle.  However, there are a few problems, especially with the formatting for the Kindle Fire.  One page is completely missing; oddly, the page is viewable when I read it on the Kindle Keyboard.  Also on the Kindle, the formatting is completely off for the speech Wiesel delivered when he won the Nobel Prize; the speech is nearly unreadable.
There are a whole set of (get this) cassette tapes that go with this book. This is begging to be digitalized and re-issued. I am finding though, that EnglishCentral.com is a better alternative.
Jeffrey Gitomer continues to put out amazing books with excellent advice and value.  This should be a must read for any company or business currently in social media or looking to begin.If you follow the feedback provided by Jeffrey in this book, then your social media efforts will pay huge dividends.
As the character line built over the first 50 pages or so, I wasn't sure if I would stay with this book. Then, all of a sudden, we are thrown back in time with Claire through the standing stones and things instantly become interesting and I was glued! I am a huge fan of this series and highly recommend it. IMO, it goes beyond the romance genre and is historic, suspenseful and intriguing.
While reading House of Sand and Fog earlier this year, I was reminded of another book to read called The Tortilla Curtain by TC Boyle. Friends of mine who live in Southern California had recommended this book to me for sometime and shortly after I finished the Dubus book, I picked up Tortilla Curtain.  Now that I've read both of these books I can't stop thinking about both of them, their stories, the characters or unbeliveable outcomes. And if I were to give House of Sand and Fog a 5 star rating, I would surely give 6 stars to The Tortilla Curtain.Tortilla Curtain is the phrase used to describe the thin borders between Mexico and the United States which immigrants cross over in their attempt to live better lives. In this &quot;blow you away novel,&quot; TC Boyle offers his readers a plot and characters who are not only involved in the world of illegal aliens but whose lives will never be the same. And for many of us it is as if this novel's premise was lifted off the pages of our daily newspapers and one for which there is no easy solution.Candido along with his wife America are illegal aliens living in the canyons and brush areas of Southern California.  When the book opens Candido is hit by a car driven by Delaney a writer  for an environmental magazine.  Although Candido hurries away from the scene for for fear of being caught and questioned his injuries prevent him from working for the next few days.  In eloquent words, the author then describes how America seeks work and is both verbally and physically abused which causes Candido great regrets about crossing the border and bringing America to the US.At the same time nearby in a prosperous planned community, Delaney lives with his wife Kyra, a real estate broker, and her son.  The residents of this community are hounded by intruding coyotes in their backyards as well as suspected illegal aliens who rob their homes. Plans are underway to erect a large fence which should keep out all intruders except that Delaney voices his concerns about the fence wondering if the residents aren't locking themselves into their fancy homes. But as the novel continues the people of this community only become more and more incensed and Delaney's words fall on deaf ears  Soon enough, though, and after a series of events, Delaney, begins to feel differently about the fence.  Even when he knows the truth, he finally becomes out of control concerning any and all who cross the borders illegally.  And then one day Candido and Delaney finally meet up again, in what has to be one of the most gripping and stunning conclusions of any book.We read this book through chapters told in the alternating voices of Candido and Delaney until their two voices are ultimately linked together as one struggles against his better judgement and the other struggles to maintain his dignity.This is a powerful and masterful book which describes lives spiraling out of control and should have every reader asking themselves what they would do when faced with similar circumstances.
A Night to Remember follows the last hours of the Titanic.  As so much as been written about the voyage, I wasn't sure what to expect, but was pleasantly surprised by its first hand narrative. A definite requirement if you are interested in that fateful night.
The film version of &quot;Before Night Falls&quot; doesn't contain a fraction of the incident in Reinaldo Arenas' actual book. Most filmgoers will be grateful for this, for most of what happened to Arenas would be unbearable to watch on film. Here was a man--a courageous man, a true artist and a genius--who NEVER got a break in life, from the poverty of his birth to his persecution as a young man to the horrible illness that cut him down at 47. Even now, people find it hard to fit Arenas into their comfortable little molds. He was a total maverick who insisted on the utter freedom of the individual, to a point even Ayn Rand might have considered excessive. Arenas was just as appalled by the avarice masquerading as virtue that occurs so often in capitalism as he was by the bloodthirstiness masquerading as virtue which has typified Castro's Cuba and other Communist dictatorships. The tale of his sufferings in Castro's prisons is horrifying, and it is scarcely less appalling to learn that the Western publishers who grew rich from his novels refused to pay him royalties after he had escaped to America.  He was only happy when seeking out sexual partners--which eventually he had in the thousands--and that automatically made him unacceptable to many who otherwise would have claimed him as a brother in ideology. Readers of &quot;Before Night Falls&quot; are as likely to be outraged by Arenas' own actions as by what was done to Arenas; and yet they will finish the book filled with admiration, love, and pity for a man who was, in every way that counts, a true hero. I was one of those who believed that the embargo of Cuba wasn't working, and should be abandoned; after reading Reinaldo Arenas' story, however, I'm not so smugly certain about that any more.
As Liker clearly points out, the Toyota Way is more of a way of thinking than anything else.  Also it is clear that the Toyota Way is a system of management that cannot be broken down into components and 'implemented' piecemeal.  The interactions among the componenets are what make the system so powerful and it is described that way clearly by Liker.  His explanations and examples are clear and insightful and his Principles and diagrams present good summaries of the writing.Anyone interested in management should read this book. It is quite full of significant revelations and well worth the price.
This book is an easy read.  It has some great Optimization examples in companies like UPS, Marriott, Intel etc.  It has lots of anecdotes though it lacks in details.  Lots of pages in the book are devoted to origin of OR and futuristic ideas.  Futuristic ideas are really not that related to field of Optimization but they are a good filler for ~250 page book.This book would be a bit too boring for somebody (just getting introduced to this topic), who you want to become interested in Optimization.It is hard to make this very dry topic very interesting.  Kudos to Steve in giving his best shot.
Discworld is the fantasy creation of Terry Pratchett. On Discworld everything runs on magic, everything makes sense, and there's a good common sense story to explain everything. Of course the world is a flat disc resting on the backs of five elephants themselves standing on the shell of the turtle A'tuin.The Wizards of Unseen University not only study magic, they experiment with high energy magic! One day an experiment goes wrong and a pocket of space appears where there is NO MAGIC AT ALL. Everything in the pocket, which they call Roundworld, works on cause and effect and something weird called "quantum". Roundworld is of course our world.How does one study such a world? How do you understand how things work when good stories aren't enough? That's where Ian Stewart and Jack Cohen come in. When there is no magic to explain what we see, we must use something called "science" to make sense of what we see. And it's not common sense.Why do things fall? Is it because there is a force called "gravity" ? Is gravity an actual object, or is it our description (our story!) of how things attract each other? How is Newton's gravity story different from Einstein story of mass bending space? What is the relationship between quantum mechanics, chemistry, organic chemistry, and biology? If quantum mechanics one day becomes the "theory of everything" and if it lies at the foundation of chemistry, biochemistry,etc. and if the universe is deterministic, why will it be useless in helping us understand history and weather systems?The Science of Discworld is a magnificent attempt at explaining what science does in this world: with science we explore the natural world without resorting to supernatural explanations, without resorting to magic.Vincent Poirier, Fort Lauderdale
Not my fav Harry Hole novel, but they all good. Harry still charming all the females and kicking a multitude of bad guys around. Salvation Army thing was a little slow for me and the women characters seem a little unbelievable. But, what the heck, I finished it and like to keep track of Harry.
Great book if you're new to social media.  It doesn't really provide any ground-breaking tactics which can be used and doesn't really show you or guide you on how to write a social media strategy, but it definitely gets you well acquainted with the behavioural dynamics of social media as well as the benefits.
This book clearly deserves more than five stars.  It has positively influenced more technology executives than any other book.The book does a wonderful job of explaining how traditions, bureaucracy, disbelief about the potential of new technologies, and misconceptions about the market hurt companies.  Professor Christensen is a Boston Consulting Group alum, as am I, and that firm has been very interested in the question of why dominant firms lose out to new entrants featuring innovative technologies. Professor Christensen has written the best work on this subject that it has been my pleasure to read. Unlike most academics, he is rigorous without being dull or irrelevant to those who must operate businesses. I particularly found his exploration of the differences between a sustaining and a disruptive technology to be very useful. His insights into how accounting and financial concerns can &quot;stall&quot; organizational progress were also valuable.His cases (especially the hard disk ones) accurately capture many of the classic &quot;stalls&quot; that delay organizational progress. For example, tradition says that everyone focuses on serving the current customers. That's where the bread and butter are. Also, the overhead structure is established to serve those current needs.Both perspectives no longer serve when a disruptive technology is involved, and he persuasively argues that being first with disruptive technologies is usually very important.Bureaucracy comes into play because the authorization process requires a lot of confidence by those who will bet their careers that the market and financial projections will be achieved. The bureaucracy also increases the likelihood that an error will be made, or an unnecessary delay will occur.Disbelief comes from the tendency to misdefine who the customers will be and to underestimate the long-term potential of the technology. Professor Christensen puts in some nice technology development/time charts in to show how to better anticipate a new technology expanding from a lower need-defined market into the mainstream market.Misconception comes in because people misunderstand the danger of the disruptive technology, and how to manage it. THE INNOVATOR'S DILEMMA is very hepful here because it provides a model of best practices to cure the misconception stall here.Three other stalls are often important: Procrastination (delaying when delay is costly); Ugly Ducklings (avoiding what is unattractive, physically or financially); and Communications (not getting the message or not understanding the message). I suspect all 3 play a big role in the cases here, but I could not tell from the way the cases were written. I hope in his future work, Professor Christensen will also tie his thinking into the idea of innovation itself.I personally favor an 8 step process for improving innovation. One, measure everything you can in an area to understand how the measurements can help you improve. Two, apply the same approach to your most important activities. Be sure to consider how and why noncustomers do not find your offerings appealing. Three, seek out the best practices in other industries in these important activities, and estimate where these best practices will be in five years. Four, assemble a new combination of best practices from these cases that goes beyond what any one company will be doing in five years. Five, imagine the best that anyone will ever be able to do, ever, as the ideal best practice. In the case of disruptive technologies this would involve spotting them well in advance and being able to pursue them without pain to the rest of the organization, and pursuing very rapid adoption that leads to dominating the new marketplace. Six, find ways to approach the ideal best practice. Seventh, put the best people, resources, and incentives together to create great success in exceeding the future best practice and approaching the ideal best practice. Eight, repeat steps one through seven.Do buy, read, and apply the lessons of THE INNOVATOR'S DILEMMA. This is pure gold. Also, send Professor Christensen a friendly note to encourage him to do more studies like this one on innovation. He deserves our support.I also suggest that you set up some skunk works to advance potentially disruptive technologies, as a way to develop more experience in improving your innovative potential.  You may also wish to study Cisco's attempt to be technology agnostics, to see what you can learn from their experience as well.Let innovation reign supreme!
There seem to be a lot of professional-self-help books that follow this style - many short rules, each of which has a catchy one sentence title and takes 1-2 pages to explain in detail. As far as they go, this one is pretty good. It focuses on the individual and individual behavior rather than the business itself. What really amazed me while reading this book was how much of the advice in here I'd heard from my parents when I was younger. The advice focuses on getting the reader to think, act, and dress like a more senior person than they are in the hopes of being promoted. All while cultivating an air of respect, being a decent person, and being respected by others. Like most self help books there's nothing in here that will cause of sudden epiphany that will cause you to radically change your entire life. Most of the rules are things most thinking adults were probably aware of at some level already, and Templar simply states them clearly and explicitly for the reader. The idea is to turn the rules into easily consumed, memorized, and practiced actions.
Approaching middle age, with a successful career and a loving wife and family, Hajime enjoys what seems on the surface a contented life. Yet something is achingly missing; all his life, he has kindled the warm memory of his long-lost childhood sweetheart, Shimamoto, who had understood him in a way no one else ever would. Both were only children, sharing a solitary nature and a passion for books and music. When Shimamoto unexpectedly reappears in Hajime's life, his desire for her engulfs him, threatening to destroy the life he has built for himself.Though "South of the Border" is on one level a straightforward love story, the novel is infused with the haunting, dreamlike quality Murakami has perfected. There is a sad warmth to Murakami's writing that makes this quick-to-read novel perfect for curling up with on a rainy afternoon.While beautifully written and engrossing, "South of the Border" doesn't quite measure up to the later novel "Norwegian Wood," which contains many of the same themes and inspires in the reader the same bittersweet feeling. Having read both novels, I felt that "Norwegian Wood" was almost a more developed version of the same book, although the latter instead tells the story of a young man coming of age.Like Toru, the protagonist in "Norwegian Wood," Hajime is an intense loner torn between two women, who seem to represent the dueling Freudian impulses of life and death. Shimamoto is a dark, fundamentally broken character who we sense is somehow doomed; while Hajime is irresistibly drawn to her, his wife Yukiko pulls him in the opposite direction, toward life and the present.Those who have read other books by Murakami will recognize some other familiar themes, including the role of music in the novel's plot, suicide, a backdrop of 1960s political upheaval, and an eroticism that permeates the book. Although it is no "Norwegian Wood," this novel blankets you in a sweetly melancholy atmosphere that lingers with you long after you put it down.
I may get a prize: I have read all of Olivia Goldsmith's novels.  After the publication of her breakthrough bestseller, THE FIRST WIVES CLUB, her output has been uneven, to say the least.  There have been a couple of gems; MARRYING MOM and THE BESTSELLER come to mind.  Yet since WIVES, nothing else she has written comes close to evoking the contemporary feel of a particular moment in a particular place, well leavened by humor, as much as BAD BOY does.This book has one of those high concept storylines: Two twenty-somethings, friends since college, are the main characters.  They agree that the male of the pair, a sweet and gentle geek and techno-millionaire, will be made over into a stud by the trendy girl he still sees every week over brunch.Often, these high concept stories are clever and compelling but, once established, there is not enough to say about them to fill a compelling novel.  Not so with BAD BOY.  Ms. Goldsmith has written a novel that tracks beautifully and makes for an easy and funny read.  Even though anyone older than twelve will predict the ending, it doesn't matter, because this story is in the details.Her research appears to be excellent.  This 40-something author has caught the energy of Gen-Y, or at least so it seems to a 40-something reader.  And, if there are a few quibbles, they don't affect the texture of the story.  True, the heroine never seems to work.  According to the plot, she is a reporter at a daily Seattle newspaper but over the course of this novel she writes only four &quot;fluff&quot; round-ups...comes in late...leaves early...and takes long lunches.  Even allowing for artistic license, this is a bit of stretch.Ms. Goldsmith doesn't write sex scenes with as much detail as some of her bestselling sisters but, in BAD BOY, this does not detract from the story.  In fact, this novel screams: Screenplay! Welcome back, Olivia Goldsmith.
Though I have not finished this book, I love it! Alison Weir is such an adept storyteller that it is hard to remind yourself that this is a history book! It is definately nothing like the history books of childhood. Vivid and lively and told with such depth and approachability, it is so easy to read. Elizabeth's life becomes real and dynamic, and historical facts are interwoven together in a way that makes you feel as if you have embarked on an adventure!I highly recommend this.
I hate books on dieting, mainly because I don't believe any of them work. Most are fads. This book goes beyond a &#34;get-skinny-quick&#34; scheme and gets to the heart of why insulin resistant people have trouble losing weight and offers a balanced plan that can actually be a realistic lifestyle. No counting calories or points... Just simply eating enough of certain types of foods: namely, proteins. That's not all the book has to say, and I don't want to give it all away, but I appreciate the authors' attempts to simplify insulin resistance eating.I also appreciate an entire chapter devoted to the topic of hunger vs. appetite. Hunger is our physical need for food, whereas appetite is our psychological need for food. Any eating plan that does not address appetite is destined to fail. We cannot ignore psychological needs long-term. The authors have really done a wonderful job, here.
This book delivered exactly as advertised.  The format is broken into multiple chapters (8, I think) which group questions by general subject matter.  Each question is asked, and then there's a relatively brief explanation/answer given.  A great deal of detail, background, and information is presented quite concisely in the answers.  All information seems to be well-researched and is written in layman's terms, so that just about anyone would be able to benefit.  All the questions deal with either modern technology/science, or the human body and its workings - a rather narrow selection, but the questions do cover a lot of interesting things that I never once gave thought to... until someone asked the question!  I'd recommend this to anyone from 'tween to adult (there might be a little too much detail and depth for younger readers) who is incurably curious about everything!  I found the format and style to be 'light reading' - it was easy to pick up and read a few questions/answers, and then put down without having to finish a chapter or feel obliged to keep reading to 'find out what happened next'.Note on Kindle formatting:  I found no issues with the Kindle format.
This is just a great story with characters you will never forget and told with a genius for dialogue and place.  An excellent debut novel.  I couldn't put it down and at the end I didn't want it to end.  Lopez captures perfectly the essence of life in the &quot;Badlands&quot; and South Philly -- and it was great to read a story set in a city that I know and love.  Read this book; you won't regret it.
Evil as narcissism.  Evil as ego-centrism.  Evil as a diagnosis?Peck's "People of the Lie" is a breath-taking analysis of human evil.  His ideas mostly revolve around those people who destroy via subtle lies to protect their own wickedness.  Peck's ability to tell stories with emotional percision is magnificant and he draws you in to actually feel what he was feeling as he confronted these people in his practice.Although Peck's proposal to have evil as a Psychiatric diagnosis will fall on deaf ears (imagine the insurance companies covering the treatment of those diagnosed evil, not even in this country will that come to pass) his findings are a contribution to all who hope to understand the psychology of those who destroy.
Don't be discouraged with the lurid and cheesy book cover. Publishers have to do their job, selling as many copies as possible. Altough, I imagine a lot of puzzled beach -goers or airport regulars. This is deffinitely not one of your average " lets pass time quickly", thrillers. Craig Russell's policemen are feeling and deeply affected with horrific murders. Add the hefty dollop of Viking history and complex politics, and there you have a surprising, masterful novel for thinking people. Luckily, I already have the next four books in this excellent series.
Nancy Atherton does not center this book around her usual title character, Lori Shepherd - but rather around her English neighbors and best friends.  It is a delightful sideroad to travel down.The entire series is simply delightful and a great read.
I read this book aloud to my daughters.We loved it! I don't remember reading this one as a child, so it was a new one for me.Sara Crewe is such an inspiration to all young girls! Even when she was treated horribly by Miss Minchin and some of the other girls, she still carried herself with dignity and respect. I had tears in my eyes and a lump in my throat when I read how she gave five of her buns to the beggar girl on the street and kept only one for herself. What kindness and generosity!This book is a treasure. This book teaches the values that I want my girls to have. This is a classic to keep and read again!
This is one of the easier reads from Camus and it is a straightforward story. It was published in 1947 after Camus's basic ideas on religion, life, and the absurd had been formed. The novel brings forth Camus's ideas on the absurd, and the revolt against a world of the absurd and of injustice. The plagues is an event that tests man's reaction to the crisis, and the city and the plague are literary vehicles used by Camus to describe human reactions.Albert Camus (1913 - 1960) was a French writer and philosopher. He is often associated with existentialism, but Camus rejected any ideological classification. Camus was a young recipient of the Nobel Prize for Literature when he became the first African-born writer to receive the award in 1957. He died in a car crash only three years after receiving the award. He was a social activist and Communist, and fought with the French resistance in WWII. Later he rejected Communism. The present book is one of his last works.Camus combined his philosophy with his writing skills to produce literary art. The end result is sometimes complicated. It takes a close and careful examination to see exactly what points he is trying to make. For example, Camus descibed his novel The Stranger as a story about someone who was telling the unvarnished truth, but it was more complicated than simply that.For The Plague, he has created a relatively simple story about a plague that grips the Algerian city of Oran brought on by a disease carried by rats. It is a narrative by a doctor Rieux who treats the sick and deals with the survivors.Camus's ideas can be found in the non-fiction work The Myth of Sisyphus (Le Mythe de Sisyphe) (1942): it is about "the absurd sensitivity." That idea is continued here in The Plague. We cannot conclude that Camus "found religion" in the present work nor are there any changes in Camus's philosophy. There are a number of interesting characters in Ther Plague who are used by Camus to make his point. One such character is a priest. A controversey surrounds the priest because he calls for a simple choice: total acceptance or rejection of religion.Overall, this is a good book from Camus that takes only four or five hours to read and is relatively easy to understand. It is far less complicated than The Fall, and it is straighforward to read and understand similar to The Stranger. It is less philosphical than some of his other books and a few ideas are subtle.This is one instance, similar to The Fall by Camus, where you should look beyond the reviews here to get a deeper understanding of the work; and, it is probably best to read some of the detailed analysis found elswhere in critical books or on the net.
Don't let the title fool you. One of the most interesting books I ever read, and as a history buff, that is saying a lot.Lots of history surprises, a book you can not put down.
My original copy of Gravity's Rainbow is tattered, ask anyone who's tackled it and they'll know why.Now no worries, I can reread it as many times as I want without taping the pages together. This time I may even understand all of it before it falls apart.
I bought this for my 18 month old who loves all things trains/planes/automobiles. The only thing I don't like about this book is that he loves it so much that he wants it read over and over and over, and to me its really boring! Also, can't understand why its advertised for kids over 3. As I said, our 18 month old LOVED this book the moment he saw it - and still does.
Imagery defeated action in this book by the score of 9 to 1. 90% of the book is like a museum exhibit with dialog. Nothing happens. Vivid imagery happens thanks to the narrator and somewhat humorous commentary happens thanks to the strange and socratic children and acquiantances, but you have to wait until the final 10% for action. It's curious because the physical action is rather compelling and very real. I don't know, 4 stars may not be enough, because I liked reading it.
Alvin Schwartz goes back into the rich history of urban legends once again and offers up a wonderful collection of many stories I previously had never  heard of before as a child. Artist Gammell again captures the sickening  essence of the stories with illustrations both haunting and disturbing...  yet always fascinating! Again, ignore the suggested age range, as the  stories collected here are sure to give readers of ANY age the willies and  the desire to sleep with the lights on...
With almost 700 pages on Letter size format paper, this is a very comprehensive textbook on AutoCAD 2011. It is a textbook because there are Learning Objectives in the beginning of each chapter, and Summary, Review Questions, and Exercises at the end of each chapter. These help the student or learner to manage the learning process better. And the book is meant to be read and learned from beginning to the end, from easy to difficult. Because of the size of paper used, all graphics and illustrations are in full color and very easy on the eyes.The book is divided into three major parts. Part 1 (Chapter 1 through 10) covers the basics of AutoCAD, up to the level of an intermediate user who does not draft drawings full-time. Part 2 (Chapter 11 through 20) is for advance users who are CAD managers or who draft full-time. Part 3 (Chapter 21 through 30) is about 3D and knowledge of the previous two Parts are necessary. It encompasses all aspects of solid modeling, including faces, edges, surfaces, meshes, lighting, and rendering.Whether you are using this book in a classroom, or learning it self-paced at home/work, I deem this book well organized and written in easily digestible portions that make learning the complex AutoCAD software manageable. If you need to see the detailed table of contents of the book, just click the picture of the book on the product's web page and select TOC. Almost all browsers are supported, except Opera.
16-year-old Holden Caulfield is more than the character in a book. Salinger has, through this youngster's eyes, made and accurate, moving -and at times hilarious- depiction of an everage teenager's mind. The narration of this boy's anguish and confusion after having been kickend out of school, and not knowing what to do with his life, goes beyond the limits of the novel and can easily represent the feelings of loneliness and disorientation of anyone alive in a crazy world. New York and the year 1945 set aside, this narration outstansingly trespasses the barriers of place and time, making it a MUST-READ book anywhere and any time...
This work is a must-read if you are interested in the South, slavery, and race relations.  Styron's fiction is compelling.  It's fiction, not history, and critics wrongly pan the work because they perceive that Styron's imagination unjustly molds &quot;facts.&quot;  The novel provides readers a look at slavery through the eyes of a slave - a wonderful, mad, erudite slave.  With very little historical evidence and documents to use, the author uses his vision to create a fascinating portrait of the uprising's leader, who led the only successful slave revolt in the U.S.  The implications of religion and the failure of Turner's troops to take Jerusalem can be extended to today's predicament.  I found the author's afterword, in this 25th Anniversary edition, particulary insightful on the reaction the book received from various critics.  Styron's disappointment with critics' inabilities to distance their own personal agendas when looking at literature concurs with my own feelings about the politics of academia.
I enjoyed this book so much; I love to learn and laugh at the same time!  I would be surprised if any animallovers didn't enjoy it.
story of a prison riot starts off well, but then seems to go on for a bit too long . . . very violent . . . definitely not for everybody.
This is by far my favorite palahniuk book. I have read Fight Club and loved it. Unfortunatly I saw the movie first. Not much new in the book.Survivor however has the same style and action. Tender Branson,  our hero in this book, expresses everything dark and wrong within the human soul, in his actions and thoughts. This is his story, a survivor of a so called &quot;cult&quot; that had supressed his life to that of a mindless worker (which was so to keep him humble and honest). This is a look into a life in which everything that is told and understood disappears. Now Tender Branson is left to his own devices. He is alone and without the necessary guidence to live a normal life. You want him to survive but you know he just needs to be put out of his misery.If you like Fight Club or Invisible Monsters, this is a must read. Im looking forward to choke!
Guy Kawasaki does a good job of explaining the positives of using Google+ in the marketing of your online interests.  I came away with a full understanding of how it works and what Google+ could do for me.  Even if you think you have no use for this Google product, he might just change your mind.The book is well thought out and interesting, and I felt I learned a good deal of valuable information from reading it.Recommend!
I truly liked this book, because the chapters are short and to the point.The authors did not use a lot of filler words, which made it easy to read. The core values of the people mentioned have many ideas and beliefs that we all should adhere to.
I am a retired surgeon. One aspect of the book is that of revisiting texts and experiences from Medical School. The other is the exciting well-thought out story. I remember sitting in the pool reading the book with tears in my eyes at some of the sad, sad events.ONE THING DID BOTHER ME AND THAT IS THE WAY HE DIED. HE HAD A BLOOD CLOT IN THE ARM!!!  LET'S GET SERIOUS. I FIND FAULT WITH THE AUTHOR SINCE 99.9% OF BLOOD CLOTS COME FROM THE LOWER EXTREMITIES AND THE PELVIS, OR AT LEAST FROM BELOW THE DIAPHRAGM.....NOT FROM THE ARM. THAT WAS THE ONLY BLATANT ERROR THAT I FOUND IN THE BOOK AND MOST FOLKS WOULD NOT PICK UP THE INCONSISTENCY, BUT AS A SURGEON I CRINGED.
I totally loved this book.  I did not want it to end.  I was a little confused in the begining but you soon figure out what is going on.  I did not want this book to end.  When it was all over I wanted to some how figure out a way to save the main character.  You should get this book!
Betsy-Tacy and Tib is by far my favorite of the first three books! There were two stories in this book that really made me laugh! They were just so incredibly cute!One is when the girls decide to cut each others hair. This story really reminded me of one of my childhood adventures. I didn't have any friends persuading me, though. I saw my momma getting a haircut, and naturally I decided I needed a haircut, too! I have very short hair in my kindergarten picture."They went to Betsy's house first. And when Betsy's mother saw them she shrieked. Grownups don't often shriek, but that was what Betsy's mother did.'Betsy!' she cried. 'Tacy! Tib! Whatever have you done to yourselves!''We've cut off out hair,' said Betsy.'But why? What for?' cried Betsy's mother.'To remember each other by,' said Betsy."These are very cute books!
Barbara Vine is a master and her books keep me up at night, can't stop reading.  This was not quite as intense as &#34;No Night Is Too Long&#34;, but it's a great read!
Excellent book for the Unix/Linux internal working. If you want to know how Unix/Linux work on the inside, get it.
I read this slim volume in only a few days and was thoroughly engaged by the story. But after I had finished it, even now, weeks and months after closing it and putting it back on the shelf, the questions of the book  linger in my mind. What really happened? Were the incidents divine or just  perceived as such? Is the narrator reliable? How much has his hate and  vanity clouded his vision?It's difficult to spell out the richness of  this tiny book, the power that the lives created there have in one's  imagination. It is, quite possibly, the best novel I've read.
Guadalcanal was one of the key battles in the Pacific Campaign. This is a history of both the land and naval battles and is written in a clear and easy to understand way.Broadly what happened was that the Japanese military siezed the Island of Tulagi early in the Pacific War. They decided to build an airstrip on the Island of Guadalcanal which was a short distance away. The allies in their first offensive of the Pacific war decided to sieze both Guadalcanal and Tulagi. A large naval operation dropped over 12,000 troops on both targets who brushed aside the various construction groups responsible for the air strip construction.The Japanese however infiltrated a naval force at night to attack the invasion convey. In one of the more spectaular victories of the war the Japanese sunk most of the escort vessels but did not attack the transports which were at anchor off the Island. A fairly typical Japanese response. To have destroyed the transport vessels would have led to an immediate American defeat.Over the next few months the Japanese would land troops on the island to try to oust the American troops whilst the allies would attempt to foil these landings and to hang on. The campaign saw a large number of naval battles and on the island there was a continued infantry campaign.The book shows how the Japanese as ever in the Pacific war acted as if logistics did not exist. Their troops were so poorly supplied that most were incapable of combat at the end of the campaign. They recieved no medical supplies minimal food and very little amunition.There was no attempt by the Japanese to build air strips on islands near Guadalcanal to support their troops or to effectively challenge American air control. The book shows clearly how the Japanese military could only think in tactical and not strategic ways. Potentially the Japanese could have won this battle but instead of concentrating forces they turned the campaign into one of attrition so that the allies were able to inflict serious causalties on all combat arms.The book is a good one as it discusses all issues and it gives a clear history talking about the prospects of both sides so that one can see the sorts of options which would have been available for both sides and one realises why the allies won and the Japanese lost. A good book.
Good writing is the road to more credibility, better professional image, and successful results, according to Natalie Canavor and Claire Meirowitz in this book. Writing is a leadership skill, which can be just as important to success as good face-to-face skills. The book contains 52 "truths", with a short chapter devoted to each, promising to equip the reader to write powerfully for today's business media.Part I, the longest part of the book, is about what makes writing work. Part II describes principles of self-editing. Parts III, IV and V relate to email communications, letters, and reports and proposals. Parts VI and VII relate to writing for websites and new media including blogs, Twitter, email newsletters and PowerPoint presentations. Part VIII is about self-marketing and Part IX covers some tricks of the trade including creating headlines and conducting interviews.On the whole I found the authors' advice to be quite helpful. At first they advocate a conversational style of writing (which might not be suitable for more formal business requirements) but they temper this advice with Truth 16: Your goal and audience determine the best way to communicate. Some of the subjects, such as writing for websites and writing proposals, are covered relatively briefly, and readers seeking advice in those areas might do better to consult more specialised publications.
I have the previous version of the book and its an awesome book for beginners!!! I had to purchased and updated version of it!!!
After scanning through and thinking about the works of Marcus Aurilius, another philosopher came to mind, the 19th century lecturer, essayist and Trancendentalist, R.W. Emerson. There are certainly connections between these two great thinkers', however the space provided here is limited and therefore would be a disservice. This particular edition of The Portable Emerson is full of gems, including essays on "The American Scholar", "History" and my particular favourite, excerpts from his journals a letters.Emerson was a prolific journal writer, where can be found the seeds to his insight into life and the plight of the human being.Many years ago I read,Emerson: The Mind on Fire (Centennial Books)by Robert D. Richardson JR., a true masterpiece in the genre of biography and a labour of love. It is in this bioraphy one can capture Emerson's mind and great heart. (More than likely my favourite biography of all time.)This volume, (A Portable Emerson) is filled with essays, poems and lectures that reveals a man who incessantly sought the truth, and attempted and succeeded through his many lectures across the eastern American coast.Evidently he was a persuasive lecturer motivating thousands of Americans -which is a true gift.One of my favourite quotes from this volume:"Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you."A man who loved the world and contributed to its betterment.
I haven't seen a student who did not love this story.  when learning how to speak Spanish the students love to read this book.
As a Cleveland a Clinic patient for nearly 45 years at age 65, I always watched the The Clinic grow.  I now better understand why the Clinic is the FINEST medical facility in the US and the world. The Clinic leads the way with 21st CENTURY HEALTH CARE.  Go CCF!
The Things They Carriedwas a very different and most profound reading experience for me, one that worked its way under my skin and into my consciousness. It is a masterpiece of American literature, an historical fiction with an impact like no other, one I had to take in slowly and deliberately, with focus, reverence and plenty of mental space in order to absorb the emotional wrenching I experienced with each page.My reaction may sound exaggerated but I assure you that it is not. Mr. O'Brien has written what I consider a perfect novel, a flawless work of literary fiction with a tremendous impact and great relevance to the human condition in the face of war.The design of the novel is brilliant. It is a story within a collection of stories, a multi-layered exploration of war, specifically the American Vietnam War. Perhaps as a Vietnam vet himself the author was exorcising his own war demons with these stories, dreams and recovered memories but the overall effect is a compelling, haunting narrative that captures the essence of the insanity of war, not just the Vietnam War which this novel focuses upon but any war.Mr. O'Brien's smartly styled, unconventional prose is a mastery of language and wonderful to read. It is with pure artistry and a master's stroke that he draws his dramatic storyline and paints a surrealistic tone. His writing is metaphoric and evocative, blending action with moral dilemma, memory with hallucinations, dreams with reality.The Things They Carriedis a beautiful articulation of "why story truth is truer sometimes than happening-truth", why literal truth is irrelevant compared to the truth one carries within. This collection of war stories is a running narrative about stories ~ how stories can heal, how they bring body and soul together, how they arrive from experience and imagination, how they speak of faith and save us.The Things They Carriedis a masterpiece of storytelling, a novel so powerful and rich that it deserves to be read again and again. With each reading its impact will not lessen but will continue to deepen and produce for the reader an intense and lasting effect. I give it my highest recommendation.
This is the best undergraduate quantum mechanics book I have ever read. Every undergraduate program should be using this book, the other books I've seen don't even come close. That includes Liboff, Goswami, and Greiner.I  even think this book is worth a read after going through Cohen-Tannoudji.  While the other books leave the student confused, with their heads  spinning, Griffiths uses his excellent ability to explain things to provide  as clear an introduction to the subject you could imagine. I disagree with  the other reviewers, the notion that Davies book is better is absurd. As  far as the problems with the examples, I think Griffiths approach is a good  one.
"The Truth About Managing People":  The title of this book implies there are half truths or incomplete/inaccurate information about management, and that this book sets the record straight.  That is exactly what Mr. Robbins accomplishes.My initial concern was that bite size books with 2-3 pages per chapter such as this would be filled with forgettable clich&eacute;s.  This concern was quickly allayed in chapters 3 and 4 which cover predictors of high performance which are intelligence and conscientiousness (responsible and organized).  Much of what Mr. Robbins posits is supported by research studies of human behavior.  These truths apply to a wide spectrum of management settings.  They are not fads or situational that fit some work environments and not others.I have read numerous management books, and consider this one to be a keeper.  I will definitely read it again, and reference it in the future.  Much of what you need to know about management, including how to hire the best, motivate, communicate, lead, build teams,  manage conflict etc. is in this condensed and highly effective book.
After purchasing this book, we found 'Sneakers, Seven stories about a cat' to read all the stories in their original form.  The cat illustrations are darling.
I have seen some amazing TED and TEDx talks (If you haven't, go check 'em out!). I teach and speak as part of my work. I want to improve my craft and I wanted to learn how those TED speakers did so well, so I bought this book. I bought it for my Kindle so I would have it available even when I was on the road. Good choice. Any speaker will learn from this book. So will anyone who just wants to give a good presentation at work. Do the &#34;Look Inside!&#34; and you will see that this book really does start at the beginning. It is encouraging while giving practical advice.,
After reading the book of poems Roman Triptych and "Memory and Identity", which I liked a lot, I wanted to get another book by Pope John Paul II and it was with great satisfaction that I chose Prayers and Devotions. In each page, there are insightful words by the great man that lead the Catholic Church for 25 years. Diverse and varied themes, all that are subjects of our daily lives in the world around us. It gave me a very peaceful time of prayer and meditation every time I opened the book to read one of the pages. I actually read it all as a volume, but now on a daily basis, I go back and read the page of the day, since it has one for every day of the year. A book that every Christian should have by their bed and a great reading for before bed time - when we have time to think and some moments of silence.
I understand very well Rich Cohen' fascination with ' tough Jews'. I shared it in childhood. Accused of being weaker physically than others, told we could not fight, persecuted in the Diaspora many Jews took hidden pride in those Jews who could battle back.Cohen's heroes in this book, his tough Jews are his father and his friends and the generation before of poor Jewish kids who wished to make it in America. He writes with nostalgia and sympathy of these tough guys.However he perhaps oversentimentalizes and idealizes many of these people, who were after all not simply tough but often cruel criminals.There are far better examples of 'tough Jews' perhaps most importantly those Jewish soldiers who fought for the freedom of Mankind in the second world- war. And of course the soldiers of Israel who have defended, and continue to defend the Jewish state against enemies who would destroy it.On the whole this book has many entertaining and well- written passages. But I would not put the weight and importance on the ' tough Jew' concept that Cohen does here.
These comments are for the abridged audio book version of "Pearl Harbor - The Verdict of History" copyright 1990 by HighBridge Productions. The audio book consists of 2 cassette tapes and total run time is 3 hours and 5 minutes. Tony Roberts reads and does a commendable job.I found the subject matter attention grabbing and the systematic method of analyzing the evidence compelling. Therefore I was extremely disappointed the audio book was abridged. Certainly I could purchase the text and perhaps that is the reason for abridgements - like previews of a movie. Nonetheless these tapes are worth purchasing for the history aficionado, student or just the curious.Concerning the Japanese sneak attack on Pearl Harbor December 7, 1941: How did it happen? - How could it happen? - Who was responsible to prevent it happening? - Was it "allowed" to happen? - Questions such as these have been asked almost since the day the event took place. There have been Congressional hearing, investigations, books and documentaries all seeking answers or at least credible explanations. This book from an acknowledged "expert" on the subject certainly adds a convincing voice to the discussion. I keep contrasting the "event" at Pearl Harbor with those that took place on September 11, 2001. It can reasonable be postulated that history will repeat itself if we ignore the lessons of the past. One aspect of this book that I liked quite a lot was the inclusion of numerous quotes from period newspapers concerning Japan, the attack and the aftermath. If for no other reason this book will stimulate and perhaps even infuriate some listeners, which in my view makes the book worthwhile.
Unlike many business leadership books, "Know What You Don't Know" does not focus on problem solving, but rather on "problem-finding."  Conventional wisdom would have it that problems are to be avoided, but the leader of the organization must be ready to solve them when they arise.This book describes the means for a leader to find problems before they become a catastrophe, including bypassing organizational structures when necessary, teaching your teams to communicate (Cockpit Resource Management), being paranoid when you need to be, recognizing patterns, and encouraging "useful" failures.As a Naval Officer, the chapters I found most useful were "Watch the game film" and "How to communicate."  Read this book if you want an idea on how to teach your organization to identify and correct problems before they become show stoppers.
I read this book in my childhood and then to my children and now my grandchildren.  There is a wonderful sweetness in the tales and characters of little bear and mother bear
Wonderful look into two lives, their time in history and culture, and their impact on American and European politics and culture.  Worth the time to read.
Beautiful edition, excellent quality.The paper is high-quality and semi-gloss, the illustrations are particularly suggestive. The book also smell good, which - in my opinion - is a major plus.I bought this book for my daughter when she was only 2 years old, I am currently keeping it well preserved from dust, and plan to give it to her in the future... when she'll be old enough to appreciate the message of this beautiful novel.
This authors is so well-published and widely read and respected. When I read this book some years ago, when it first came out, I knew I was reading great fiction. I went on to read some of his other works. A common theme is how a seemingly random group of events can co-occur and cause a profound, unexpected outcome. This occurs in this novel. This occurs in real life as well, and I think readers can identify with it and marvel, perhaps in horror, over it. This author is truly excellent, and there is not much more to say!
Handy book for anyone with cancer or loved one you are cooking for. We can do so much with nutrition.
Don Zimmer is a true gentleman in the sport. He is old school and brings the experience of playing when players barley got paid.
I found Juska's memoir very engaging and the woman herself to be utterly endearing.  She is both vulnerable and yet bold at the same time.  How many late-life women (or hell, people of any age, for that matter) would have the guts to place an ad like that and travel thousands of miles in pursuit of sex, affection, and a possible connection with someone?  Not many, that's for sure.  The premise of this book was what drew me from the start.  What kind of adventures would she have?  What would she learn about herself?  What kind of men would respond to her ad?  Juska is no frail elderly senior citizen resigned to what life hands out to her: she is a woman of numerous passions: for books, Trollope, men, sex, intimate conversations, and teaching.  Her escapades show she is still capable of feeling lust, as well as deep and often complex emotions.  I found her a very brave, wise, funny, and uncommon woman.  Other readers may find the fact that she traveled thousands of miles to meet men for sex disturbing and sad but she went after exactly what she wanted.  How would she find those things if she never left her comfort zone in Berkeley?  She'd already spent the earlier part of her life self-medicating.  It takes an extremely brave person to admit their needs for affection and connection, to go after it, no matter where it may lead, and then to write an honest memoir about it.  Read Juska's memoir--it may inspire you.  At the very least, it'll entertain.
I've used Gregg Reference Manuals for many years. I purchased this manual to upgrade to the latest edition. I highly recommend this manual to anyone that writes or edits any type of documentation.
There are some women out there who are naturally, and without much effort, a size 4, 5 or 6. For the rest of us, there is working to achieve that goal daily.  And, the 30 women represented in this book have chosen to make being one of those sizes their goal.This isn't for everyone.  For some women, a double digit size is how they are most comfortable. But, for those who want to achieve a "model" body this book gives the "secrets"...planning each day, planning ahead for holiday/vacations, making exercise a daily habit, chosing to eat less to have a thinner body.As someone who has to work out an hour every day, eat a low fat/high fiber diet, and moniter calories, to stay fit and healthy, I applaud the author's accomplishment:  demonstrating flat out that a healthy, lean body isn't the result of "luck" for most women...it is making exercise, healthy eating and saying no to unhealthy foods a daily commitment.
Coaches, Teachers and Parents, you don't want to miss this Book/Audio. In the Talent Code we learn about creating passion and igniting fire (passion).The research and many examples show us that ability can be created and nurtured.Brains are like muscles. The more you use it, the smarter you become. Success is not chance, it is deliberate."The Talent code" has a strong focus on Myelin, how to cultivate and develop myelin for memory and growing the brain (Coyle explains the exact biology). World-class skill, like art, writing, soccer or skateboarding or anything else requires 10,000 hours of deep practice - firing and honing skill circuits. Another key to learning is the need to make errors & corrections.This is an important book, which teaches the laws of learning. If you want to learn effective teaching methods, get this book. To quote Daniel Coyle, "Greatness isn't Born, it's Grown" and he proves it.I listened to the audio read by John Telfer and his voice and the sound quality is excellent.
(...)Conrad knows how to tell a story and few have ever been told as well as this one. Lord Jim the character is very appealing but also appealing are the sea and island settings that Conrad describes so well. Those hard to resist settings as well as the tale itself populated by a host of memorable minor characters all conspire to make this an irresistable yarn. It appeals as an adventure but there is plenty to capture the discerning substantive mind as well. Conrad offers a tale about a young man who wishes to be a hero.(...)
This is a classroom text book for teaching the fundamentals of object oriented software development.  At close to 500 pages, highly structured into 38 chapters, and with heavy use of diagrams throughout, this book attempts to be a thorough introduction to the subject.  Key topics included are UML, iterative, incremental use case driven development, and the use of patterns in software design.  The coverage of UML is complete (as of 1998, anyway), and the description of a proposed software development process is extensive, without actually referencing Rational's Unified Process.  The discussion of patterns is also extensive and heavy reference is made to `Design Patterns' (aka GoF) and `System of Patterns' (aka POSA), and they are emphasised as recommended reading.  The book mostly repackages material available elsewhere, but brings it together in a format suitable for course students.  The author also tries with mixed success to introduce his own pattern catalog which he calls GRASP - general responsibility assignment software patterns - Expert, Creator, Low-Coupling, High-Cohesiveness, Controller, Polymorphism, Pure Fabrication, Indirection, Don't Talk To Strangers - which are applied to the development of collaboration diagrams, probably the most important activity in object oriented design.The book really is introductory in nature and can be pedantic and repetitive at times.  The POST case study developed through the course of the book is relatively simplistic, though the discussion of persistance frameworks in the final chapter is more advanced.  In general I would recommend this book to someone wanting a textbook introduction to the subject, but there are plenty of other books that cover this material well, a number of which are in the included bibliography.
St. Zita is the patron saint of servants, so this society is the filmsy excuse for this motley group of those who serve the rich to get together and compare their lots. It's all in fun and the murders mostly happen to those who deserve it. As long as you don't need things to be too plausable, this is a fun romp. Ruth Rendell has her tongue in her cheek and makes this go down easy.
I am a James Patterson fan, especially the Alex Cross series.  Once I start reading I can't put it down.
Wonderful! This is a book that must be read to its conclusion to be fully appreciated. I must admit that at several points McEwen had me wondering where he was going, but the ending tied everything together and even addressed some of the more frustrating aspects of the book, to my full satisfaction. I'm still pondering the book's central questions: is it ever possible to fully atone for one's ill-thought-out acts, even if one was too young at the time to fully understand the repercussions?  Can story help us heal? Is fiction powerful enough to change the past, for those who remember it? There are no clear answers to these questions, but the author does a masterful job of exploring them.
It's a great source to understand the basis of criticisms in photography and still moving images, although it does talks about different ages of photography.
This is a superb book, dealing with multiple themes around human relationships, character development, distinguishing love and infatuation, the transcendental experience, and the meaning of existence. That sounds like a lot but this small book covers a lot of ground.Through a wide array of characters, Maugham explores the nature of human relationships. There a parental relationships where parents are overbearing and judgmental. Kitty, the protagonist of this novel, has such a relationship with her mother. She eventually marries just to escape her mother's judgments and criticisms.  There are also unexamined relationships that are taken for granted and only later are seen in a new light. Such is the case with Kitty and her father. He is a judge and ample supporter for his family. Yet he is a status symbol for her mother and a source of income and support for Kitty. It isn't until Kitty gains in maturity and painful experiences that she eventually is able to even begin a genuine relationship with her father. Social roles of parent, child, mother, son, daughter, and father may often provide a social matrix for interaction but subtle violence and disregard and neglect may characterize the relationships that are seen to the outside world as loving and in fact those who dispense emotional violence and those who absorb emotional violence may never grasp the reality in which they are stuck, and thus characterize their relationships to family as loving when in fact, love is not present.Growing up in such a home, Kitty seems oblivious to the compromise she creates when she agrees to marry a socially awkward but highly intelligent bacteriologist. He falls for her but she never really reciprocates with the emotional depth of her husband. She is young and self-absorbed and shallow in many ways, yet he loves her.But Kitty has never given herself fully to another person, she has never been infatuated, she has never been out of control and in constant pain when she is away from her lover. Unfortunately for Kitty, she falls for a married diplomat who is highly self serving and manipulative. Charlie Townsend begins to dominate her every thought and she becomes lost in day-dreams of marriage to Charlie far away from the real world of their marriages.  The ancient Greeks believed Jupiter gives mankind wisdom through painful experiences and Kitty is about to be educated. Having discovered that his wife is having an affair with Charlie Townsend, Dr. Walter Fane, is inwardly heart broken but he display a highly controlled exterior. He offers Kitty an ultimatum which has been carefully thought through for it helps reveal to Kitty how shallow is her relationship with Charlie. Walter insists that Kitty join him in a distant city which is being ravaged by cholera. She has no choice but to follow him. Yet this experience is the critical experience of her life as well as Walter's life.Kitty meets a minor ugly alcoholic British official, Waddington, who eventually becomes her intimate friend and one of her guides toward herself. Waddington quickly picks up that the Fane's relationship is a disaster and he helps Kitty find meaning in her life as an aide in a French Catholic orphanage. He also gradually introduces her to Taoism and the concept of desire and connection being the source of much human pain and suffering. Kitty gradually goes through multiple stages of grief and anger to begin forgetting Charlie Townsend.At the French Orphanage, Kitty also begins to grow and change in character as she cares for Chinese orphans and interacts with the highly spiritual nuns. Kitty observes that the nuns act calm and loving and gentle and supportive of all humans in all their interactions, but she sees that they are not attached. They are not emotionally bound to the children they serve, there love is a spiritual grace and transference from God to the children. They are willing conduit between God and suffering mankind. Thus they are able to love and let go, they care and then forget, moving onward to the next suffering soul. In this regard Maugham is certainly connecting the sublime nature of Christian non-attachment to the Buddhist and Taoist philosophies of detachment from the world. Kitty has several transcendental experiences, sometimes evoked by great beauty in the natural world or in vast vistas of man's interaction with nature.Thus Maugham does something outstanding. He conveys how a person may grow in character by pain and self examination as well as how a person learns to integrate or experience the mystery, the unification with the unknown, the wordless and thoughtless mind of God that changes perception.But like relationships, ever changing and growing, the transcendental experience is never complete or present at all times. Kitty longs for the serenity of the nuns, their spiritual and emotional centeredness, but finds that just like relationships, our glimpses into the mind of God are ever changing.Maugham has selected to show us that a shallow self absorbed young woman can begin to glimpse the mystery of existence, the flow of pain and desire and attachment out of the human heart. Like the Buddha, she sees a corpse in the road, the reminder of our temporary status on this earth.The test comes as Kitty realizes that Walter is in pain and that he must forgive her to move beyond the pain. She has moved and grown greatly if she now can empathize with Walter to the point that she sees fully his pain and sees the way beyond his pain. Just as Walter saw her infatuation with Charlie and the steps needed to reveal Charlie's lack of character to Kitty, she now sees that Walter has a broken heart and in his heart bears pain and anger, but more importantly, he is now willing yet to move beyond the pain and anger and move into a state of forgiveness. Kitty has reached the point of maturity that she wants this forgiveness, not for herself but for Walter. She has moved beyond herself absorption, her self definitions, and her own perceptions and like the compassionate Buddha, she sees into Walter's heart and knows how she must be healed.Unfortunately, life is not predictable and Walter falls deathly ill with cholera. As he dies she urges him to forgive her, something that she needs but also something that she clearly sees that he also needs.The resolution of the novel shows Kitty dealing with the consequences of her choices, the recognition of her own human frailty and needs, the separation from her mother's bonds, and the initiation of a genuine relationship with her father.This is an outstanding work of literature, unwinding a profound and complex theme, revealing the nature of relationship to the self, to others, to the Tao beyond. No small achievement.
Atonement is chiefly about a child, a little girl named Briony Tallis, who is at the age where she recognizes that the way she views the world is different than how adults view the world, and is desperately engaged in trying to understand why this is the way the world works.A precocious child, Briony actively considers her own sense of reality: "was everyone else really as alive as she was? For example, did her sister really matter to herself, was she as valuable to herself as Briony was? Was being Cecilia just as vivid an affair as being Briony? Did her sister also have a real self concealed behind a breaking wave, and did she spend time thinking about it, with a finger held up to her face?" If the answer is yes, Briony thinks, then "the world, the social world, was unbearably complicated, with two billion voices, and everyone's thoughts striving in equal importance and everyone's claim on life as intense, and everyone thinking they were unique, when no one was." But if the answer is no, she thinks, then Briony "was surrounded by machines, intelligent and pleasant enough on the outside, but lacking the bright and private inside feeling she had."The novel opens as a house party is about to begin. Briony is about to discover that her sister Cecilia does indeed feel as "valuable to herself" as Briony does. Or, rather, Briony is about to ignore this truth, in a moment for which the rest of her life will be an atonement.Staring out of the window, she sees Cecilia, her sister and Robbie, a young frioend of the family, standing by the large fountain. Suddenly, Cecilia, strips down to her underwear while Robbie watches her, and steps into the deep fountain to retrieve something. Cecilia emerges, puts her clothes back on, picks up a vase of flowers that had been hidden by the fountain, and walks into the house. Robbie also walks away. The scene stirs the little girl, who had once confessed her love to Robbie. She has the sense that she has witnessed some adult mystery, perhaps a scene of obscure...domination. Briony does not know what McEwan has told us, namely that Cecilia dipped into the fountain to retrieve a piece of the broken vase, and that Cecilia's provocative stripping had more to do with ...challenge than submission or fear.Unfortunately, misunderstanding the context as a child will, Briony proceeds to provide a series of adults with a version of event that land Robbie in jail.The events pretty much ruin Cecilia and Robbbie's rather idyllic lives.  It is only later that Briony understands what it is she has wrought.The book then shifts to the war.  Robbie is fighting, having volunteered to avoid prison.  Cecilia is a nurse.  Dunkirk is underway.  This section is by far the best in the book.  McEwan is normal the most controlled and concise of writers-spare, often, to an extreme.  This prose is the exact opposite of his norm.  Rich, expansive and deep, it is amount the best writing I've read in many a year.The book ends with Briony an old woman with yet more changes in perception to deliver.  I know that's not precisely a very informative statement, but to say more is to seriously influence the reading experience.This is, quite frankly, the best book I've read in years.  It's a truly spectacular achievement.
Robin Norwood did an outstanding job here with here and I recommend it be readed by anyone dealing with relational addiction. As an author, I found her work to be most impressive.---John D. MooreAuthor of Confusing Love with Obsession
Anne Tyler really makes you feel so connected with the Characters in this story. I originally read this because It was assigned to me for a book report at school. I wasn't to thrilled about that...but it just happened to be the best school assingment ever. Saint Maybe is just a wonderful book. I was very upset when it ended,because I felt so in tune with the tone of the book and it's characters.Ian, the main character, has some tramatic events that happen to him and his life forever changes after that.I highly reccomend this book!
In "1066: The Year Of The Conquest" David Howarth introduces the reader to the world which existed during that pivotal year in the history of England.  Howarth does an excellent job in laying the background and explaining how the change of dynasties was effected.  The background is seen in terms of an English village, the governmental structure of England and the basis for each claim to the throne.  Character studies of both Kings Harold and William enable us to feel as if we know each of them.  The explanation of the structure, strengths and weaknesses of each army prepare the reader to follow the excellent narrations of the battles at which the issues were decided.  The consequences of this momentous year to all involved, Harold, who was killed, William, who gained the crown of a land he learned to detest, the English nobility, the Normans who supplanted them and the common people of England, whose lives were disrupted forever, blend multiple threads of the book to a unified conclusion.I often have difficulty in following a book about a portion of history about which I know little.  Although I knew little of the environment or events of "1016", I had no such difficulties in this case.  Howarth presents "1066" as a such a self contained unit as to make it totally understandable on it's own.  This is the mark of a masterful story teller.
I've been telling everybody to read this superb novel from Abraham Verghese. It is refreshing on every level --- from the setting (Ethiopia) to its characters (Indian medical workers, twin boys borne of a nun) to a complex web of storylines that covers every emotional base. This is one of those books you don't want to see end and that will leave you hungry for more.Shiva and Marion Stone are identical twins. In the womb, they were joined by a small "stalk" at the head, but during a rather traumatic birth this physical tie is severed, leaving behind an intimate relationship unique to such siblings. In fact, for many years, when sharing a crib or bed, they sleep with their heads just touching, perhaps in the place where the long-gone bond once existed. Their mother, Sister Mary Joseph Praise, is a surgical nurse whose skills in the theatre are mythic. The surgeon (and presumed father of the boys) with whom she worked as closely as though their four hands moved with one thought is Dr. Thomas Stone. The Sister and the Doctor's first encounter is as shipmates bound for medical service in Ethiopia, a meeting filled with portent as Sister Mary Joseph singlehandedly saves Stone's life on the voyage.By different routes, both Sister Mary Joseph and Stone end up at a mission hospital in Addis Ababa, locally known as the Missing Hospital --- a mispronunciation of mission. Throughout the book, the political unrest and upheaval of Ethiopia is a constant backdrop. At times, the violence outside their gates even intrudes upon the grounds of the hospital disrupting its humanitarian objectives.Shiva and Marion are raised by Hema and Ghosh, two of the hospital's other doctors, both of whom come into their own throughout the course of the book. The rest of the hospital's community --- the Matron, various nurses and household workers --- also play a role in their upbringing, helping to fill the void left by both their departed and deceased parents. Living within this environment and under the long shadows of their legendary parents, both boys discover great yet completely diverse strengths in the world of medicine in which they reside.As the years pass, Marion follows his father's footsteps into surgery and eventually to America, where we learn a lot about the life of foreign medical students brought to this country to finish their studies and to serve as affordable health care providers for our nation's many lower-income medical facilities. Shiva remains in Ethiopia where he assists Hema in both national and world-wide campaigns to better women's reproductive health. While both boys have much experience with life and death decisions --- from their birth, to living in a war zone, to tending third world patients for whom every day can be just such a battle --- the book's climax is reached when one more life or death situation is placed before them.It is impossible to fully explore the incredible depth of CUTTING FOR STONE within a few paragraphs. Each character is so fully developed from start to finish that the reader becomes deeply involved with each and every one. Verghese's skill at intertwining so many stories is awesome and prohibits simple description of the novel as a whole. Suffice it to say that it is deserving of every rave review, every critic's recommendation and my feeling that it is truly THE book of Winter 2009. This is the book you need to put at the top of your reading list right now.--- Reviewed by Jamie Layton
If you've never read anything from Jack Trout before, this is the book to start with! Trout on Strategy is the Bible of marketing strategy.Trout is one of the most important business authors of our generation. While some disagree with his views (especially his view on line extension), he has undeniably helped to shape the thinking of the marketing industry over the last 20 years. If you are a business owner or marketing professional, you should not let another week go by without hearing what Trout has to say about "positioning" and "differentiation".This book is essentially 2 decades of writing all rolled up into one relatively short book. Some other reviews I've read here complain about an apparent repackaging of information contained in previous Trout books. Personally, I am a fan of condensing information. I can re-read Trout on Strategy from time to time, and get a refresher on everything I've ever read of his. I would still recommend reading his other books, but this is a great "nutshell" version of his teachings. There's an awful lot of wisdom crammed into these pages. Buy this book, keep it in an easy to find place, and re-read it once or twice a year.
At 225 pages (a short 225 pages at that, with large type), this Pulitzer Prize winner can best be classified as a novella.  It can be easily read in one sitting.  Part of a series of short novels from the same era and featuring many of the same characters, it is the tale of a down and out, former baseball player, Francis Phelan, who turned to drink after the death of his infant son.  Set in the depths of the Great Depression, the imagery and descriptive writing is excellent.Throughout the novel, Francis is beset by flashbacks and visits from ghosts of his checkered past, many of whom met their ends as a result of Francis's actions.  A former streetcar conductor, with a wife and family, Francis fled his home in Albany following his murder of a strike breaking scab.  A decade later, he returns to Albany, living on the streets as a "bum", with his common law wife, Helen, and a ragged collection of homeless winos.This is a very well written, powerful story.  I do wonder, however, if many of the superlatives being accorded this short work are because it is a Pulitzer winner and not the other way around.  I suspect that given this book to peruse, without awareness that it won the Pulitzer, most would acknowledge that it is a nice, little six hour read.  That is pretty much how I found it.
Ruth Rendell is a prolific writer of mysteries, and has now written 19 in the Chief Inspector Wexford series.  This one has two plots interwoven.  One involves Wexford and his family, and one of his daughters who is in a relationship with someone he doesn't like. The other is the disappearance of two local teenagers and their adult &quot;babysitter.&quot;  This takes place at a time when there is heavy rain and flooding for Wexford to contend with on both a personal and professional basis. This is a must read for Rendell and Wexford fans.
Old yeller manages to let you relax and bring out the feelings that have been tucked away for a long time. When Old Yeller catches rabies and his family has to shoot him, that brings out ultimate sadness. When the family of Old Yeller finally all fall in love with him, that brings out happiness and smiles. Overall, I recommend this book to everyone who enjoys morals, feelings, and lovely stories with wonderful characters. Old Yeller is the book that will touch your heart and you will never forget about it.
Plot summary:There is a portal between the world we know and a world of magic. A capitalist entrepreneur, Mr. Chesney, controls the portal and uses it annually to transport adventure-seeking tourists to experience Magical Pilgrimages, in which the usual figures of Dark Lord, Enchanted Temptress, Wizard Guide and so on are supplied by the denizens of the magical world--against their will and to the complete disruption of their usual lives.This is where the fun starts, for denizens of the magical world have feelings and motivations much like ours. That is to say, how would YOU like to live forever as a "cast member" in Disneyland? That is their fate--except that they are rebelling against it at long last.The central characters of the story are the Wizard Derk and his family. Derk is a master of biological wizardry--he's a gene splicer. His children are both human and griffin (one of the best parts of this story). We get to know each of the children in turn as they help their father fulfill the burden Mr. Chesney has placed upon him, sometimes with heartbreaking results.Diana Wynne Jones is marketed in the book world as a young adult novelist, but I (an adult) have thoroughly enjoyed every one of her books.Positive elements:Characterization is very good--the children (human and griffin) are well drawn and believable. The plot twists and turns in a satisfying way. Some of the magical creatures are very funny (flying pigs?). I particularly liked the way Jones meshes mundane reality and magical comeuppance.If you haven't read a great deal of fantasy, some of the humor will pass you by, as the book gently mocks the conventions of the genre.
Last week, I brought The Facebook Era book by Clara Shih to the gym. The publisher had sent me the book eons ago but it wasn't until last week that I finally had some time to read it.  I finished it up in just a couple hours of reading on machines at the gym.It is a useful book, to be sure. It is practical and holds your hand and addresses your concerns, as long as you're a business owner who is considering getting into Social Media as a business tool. If you're a fan of [...], you'll appreciate the smarts here since Ms. Shih is a Salesforce alum and the forward is by Marc R.  Benioff, Chairman and CEO of [...]The book does promote [...]  little shamelessly but it doesn't hurt the neutrality of the text: you'll get good advice on how to leverage Social Networks, Social Media, Online Community, and Web 2.0 to manage, promote, offer service on behalf of you, your brand, or your company.What I really liked was Part I, A Brief History of Social Media, which is a brilliant primer for people who didn't actually live through the precursors and foreshadowing of Facebook and Twitter; however, for me, it showed me that Clara Shih understands the continuum of technology, computing, community, platform, and how they evolved over time.Other topics you might really love to explore, though they're less practical and a little more philosophical, but in a good way, and explore ways to use Social Media to develop strategies for your business for Social Sales, Social Network Marketing, Social Innovation, and Social Recruiting.  What's great about this part, Part II, is that these teachings are pretty platform agnostic, giving you skills in tools not limited to just Facebook, the primary focus of this book.  What this means is that this book will even be useful to you when Facebook dies and something else rises up in its place.At the end of the day, most folks who buy the book will skip to Part III: Your Step-By-Step Guide to Using Facebook for Business.  Fair enough. It is pretty comprehensive and walks you through more than philosophy, it gets you onto Facebook and marketing, selling, recruiting, prospecting, branding, relating, engaging, and participating if you take some time and follow the steps.Is this book good?  Well, it is if you spend a little time opening your mind and reading through Part I and Part II -- and do it away from a computer.  If you get into context, read the case studies, explore some of the examples and best practices, Part III will make more sense and you will do a better job and be more effective.Did the book bore me?  Nope, I liked it, and that makes me happy because I am not being paid to read these things, it is just flattering to receive free review copies -- it makes me feel like I am important and influential!
You begin with all these incredibly detailed individual stories. Each a world of their own, complete and entertaining and separate, but as the stor(ies) continue, they begin to intertwine in unimaginable ways. Reading the book on my Kindle, I was unaware of how quickly the story was unfolding and I found myself sad because I thought the book was close to ending, but soon discovered I was only 1/3 of the way through! I relaxed into the world and just let it wash over me, never questioning the how or the why, but letting the story explain it's own set of rules. A truly spectacular book that left me quite satisfied at the end.
The author touts the book as a distillation of the key concepts of Benjamin Graham's classic text, Security Analysis, but fails to elaborate on a key point repeatedly mentioned in Graham's book.  Graham noted that at times, some bonds make for better investments than stocks as a class of investments, and at other times, some stocks make for better investments than bonds as a class.  This readily follows from Graham's definition of an investment, which he stated most succinctly in his book for the novice investor, The Intelligent Investor:An investment is any activity which provides safety of capital with a reasonable expectation of income.  All other activities are speculative.Lowe's book concentrates solely on stocks, and ignores the potential of bonds as an investment.  As a result, the book distills only some of the wisdom of Security Analysis, which, by the way, can be found in a more accessible form in Graham's book,  The Intelligent Investor.By saying this, I do not mean to imply that Value Investing Made Easy is not a worthwhile read.  Rather, it is the book the novice should read if and only if he or she does not want to spend the time reading Graham's Security Analysis, a formidable text nearly a thousand pages long (however, in Graham's defense, most of these pages are devoted to graphs, charts and numerous examples of the application of his techniques).Lowe's book presents most of the important tenets necessary for picking stocks along the lines of Graham and Dodd (and Warren Buffett).  A careful reader will notice, however, that the stock universe for which the tenets are applicable limits him or her  to solely the proven performers.  Among other things, these stocks typically, but not always, pay dividends, or have a history of doing so.I found the text to be somewhat of a letdown because most of it was devoted to the justification for value investing, and not on the techniques of value investing per se.  The book relied heavily on notable anecdotes- star performers of value investing fame such as (yep, you guessed it) Warren Buffett, Irving Kahn and others, and a bit less on the techniques in action as I would have liked.However, in its defense, the book contains several pearls of wisdom that the novice investor would do well to know like the back of his or her hand.  The book lays down an appropriate definition for intrinsic value, provides a satisfactory explanation of the role and importance of assets and dividends,  and most important, the use and limitations of long-term trends in earnings and dividends to make assessments of stock investments.On a personal note, I feel the most important lesson of the book is contained on Page 20 of the text- How Trustworthy Are the Numbers?  Here, Graham warns us that, "Deliberate falsification of the data is rare; most of the misrepresentation flows from the use of accounting artifices, which it is the function of the capable analyst to detect.  Concealment is more common than misstatement."I leave the potential reader with one critical admonishment taken from the text (Page 21) which is perhaps the most relevant of all of Graham's tenets for the novice investor:"When an enterprise pursues questionable accounting policies, all of its securities must be shunned by the investor, no matter how safe or attractive some of them may appear."
I got this for my husband and I as I use to work for 401k co and my husband has been working for one. I thought this would be helpful for both of us not just in business but personally.I liked this book so much I nagged and nagged my husband to read it and of course he never did as he thinks he knows everything and he doesn't. I think that he could have done way better with our investments had he read this. I think I could have done better since reading this book.This is simple to understand, while I don't think it's a get rich kind of thing, it just helps out simple folks like us.
As a fellow marketing professional, I thought Lorrie Thomas hit a home run with this book. It provides current, well-thought-out information about online marketing in today's cluttered world. Not only does she share her detailed "how-to's", she includes pitfalls and best practices that are especially valuable. Also helpful are her examples of websites and resources you can implement right now, today. The quizzes at the end of each chapter are a nice way to ensure you've retained key information. While much of what I do for my clients has involved online marketing, I had several takeaways that I am going to implement to see what transpires. Whether you're a beginner or a seasoned professional, this book has something for every marketer.
I have read and read this book and made some try food and it was great. We are going to go tent camping and plan to advance to trail and canoe camping. Great book, we are beginners.
This was such an extraordinary story. The main character, Shawn, has been completely disabled by the misfortunes of cerebral palsy. At birth, a blood vessel exploded in his brain "in exactly the 100 percent perfectly wrong spot". This has left him entirely paralyzed, without the ability to move any of his muscles.The first chapter is a brilliant piece of writing. Before we know that Shawn is entirely disabled, he tells us the good news and the bad news of his life. The good news is that he's lived on Earth for fourteen "(almost fifteen!) years and that he remembers everything that he sees or hears. The bad news is that he is a "retardate", a total retard. He tells us that everyone thinks that he is stupid, that his brain doesn't work, then saying: "They don't know that's only partially true".What we get to see throughout the rest of the book is what it *might* be like inside the head of someone who has cerebral palsy, and it's fascinating. Shawn speaks of being attracted to women, speaks of not being able to control himself "down there" (although that has very, very minor mention in the story), goes into details about the seizures he has when he blacks out, what he hears other people saying when he comes out of him (very telling and intriguing), and that he believes his father is trying to kill him.He has good reasons for thinking so. His father has commented on his "uselessness", although doing so, perhaps, from a loving place. He has also said to Shawn in a whisper, "Maybe it would be better if I ended your pain?" The father's torn emotions are nearly as powerful as Shawn's.The voice in this book is so powerful and strong, Shawn's thought processes so infectious, that we are live with him on the very first page. The book has an interesting ending, which may seem to break a cardinal sin of writing, but as we never really know the ending, we can't be certain of that.
I seem to be reading a lot of books about personality lately.  This one was especially interesting to me, for a lot of reasons.  It's written in a very approachable, but not dumbed-down, tone- it's probably a little more text-bookish than some would like, but not quite so academic to be used in a hard-core psychology course, either.  It's obvious that the author really knows what he's talking about, and it's refreshing that he is good at bringing his knowledge to a level that even someone who isn't versed in psychology but is interested can understand.  With that being said, I did sort of "zone out" while I read the stretch of this book devoted to DNA strands- that is over my head and I admit it, but that didn't detract from what I learned from this book.It's fascinating to me that there are just a handful of basic traits, but where on a scale each one of us falls, as far as how much of one trait and another we are, that accounts for all the different personalities in the world.  Knowing a bit of the vocabulary that professionals use in assessing someone's personality helps make it easier to "make sense of people," rather than just writing them off as an obnoxious jerk, or deciding that this is a person you want to spend time with- this knowledge doesn't change the fact that you'll get along with some people and not others, but this does help quantify why you do or don't.  It's also good to use this book's information to "make sense of yourself."  In fact, I think that's where this book goes from just another book on personality to true gold.  Barondes gives the web address of some actual personality questionnaires (not the kind you'd find on Facebook that tell you which Harry Potter character you are), that help you understand where on each trait scale you fall.  I think this can be used as a tool to improve oneself, if you're so inclined, or at least find out that maybe you're not as neurotic as you thought you were, or that you tend to be an avoider.  A good take-away point that I got from reading "Making Sense of People"is that although genetics plays some role in personality, a personality can be trained, to some extent, too.  So if you're armed with knowing what your strengths and your shortcomings are, you can use that knowledge to train those less desirable aspects of your personality, if you want.
OF MICE AND MEN is one of those sadly rare, short, truly beautiful stories that stay with you forever, the sort of story that you can tell from the beginning -- if its reputation hasn't preceded it, that is -- will be terribly sad. The sort of story that depicts a cruel, unfair, appalling world in the most sensitive and loving way possible.In short, a classic.The story is of George, a small, sharp man, and his friend/protege Lennie, a huge, muscular gentle giant with dull wits, who wants nothing more than peace and quiet and little animals. His grandest dream is to someday own a farm with George, where they can have animals -- and Lennie can tend the rabbits. George and Lennie stick together, even after the unthinkable happens and Lennie's strength betrays them both. And when it does, George has to make the most difficult choice he has ever made, one that will haunt him forever -- a choice where there really is no "right" answer.This is a read-in-one-sitting kind of book, but don't let that fool you into thinking it's light reading. It's powerful, immensely so. It shows, all at once, the hopelessness of human hatred, the helplessness of those caught in it, and the strength that can come through even despite these things. The ending may leave you crying, but it will not leave you depressed, even though all the things that happened are tragic, even though there is no escape now from the spiral of monotony and pointlessness that rules the lives of the workers. Somehow, the author pulls it off.And for that, it is a classic.Rating: Masterpiece
This is a very interesting textbook primarily because it fills a specific niche. I think its primarily used in American colleges and universities for into level business and environmental science classes.  Whats interesting about it is that it already presumes a certain amount of general knowledge about energy efficient and sustainable energy sources, yet approaches the topic in scientific way using current information to examine raw numbers. It does this in a way that is easy to understand and progressively logical.  If you are looking to learn more about the numbers behind how much wind, solar and other forms of energy we can produce, then this is a good place to start.
The untimely story written by German author Erich Maria Remarque (pronounced Remark) in 1928 about his experiences during World War I. It is a frightening, violent, poignant, and moving story of seven German schoolboys who volunteer for the war and realize the horror that comes with it.Our narrator is Paul Baumer, an idealistic youth of 20 who marches along the roads, dives into trenches, and kills the enemy. His friends and comrades in battle are Albert Kropp, Stanislaus Katczinsky, Haie Westhus, Detering, Tjaden, Leer, and Muller. They are the proud, brave few who are sent into battle after battle, eventually bringing them closer to death and destruction. They live through the code of battle - serve your country, protect one another, and live!The book is filled with many poetic anecdotes which fill the pages with a contrast of beautiful images of peace and the brutal, harsh vision of war. Remarque doesn't spend too much time with mindless description that other writers usually do, but rather he elaborates on a time now lost to us - and to him and his countrymen. It is rare to see author's taking a brief moment to explain what the poplars look like in the summer, or the way the tree sway when the wind blows over the countryside.We are exposed to the sick and dying side of war, the loss of limbs and disease, and the personal failures of each man. We sympathize with these boys, all of whom are in their 20s (with the exception of Katczinsky, who is in his 40s), these boys who we, as Americans, fought against during this war and eventually World War II. It's that quality that everyone, everywhere, can understand, or hope to understand.I was impressed with Remarque's style, which made me come to the conclusion that he was also a poet - and a good one at that! I recommend this for everyone of all ages.Note: ALL QUIET ON THE WESTERN FRONT was made into a 1930 Best Picture Oscar-winning film by Universal Pictures starring Lew Ayres and Louis Wolheim. It was later made as a TV movie in 1979 with Richard Thomas and Ernest Borgnine.
"When the Buddha was asked to sum up his teaching in a single word, he said, "awareness." This is a book about awareness. Not awareness of something in particular, but awareness itself - being awake, alert, in touch with what is actually happening. It's about examining and exploring the most basic questions of life. It's about relying on the immediate experience of this present moment. It's not about belief, doctrine, formula, or tradition. It's about freedom of mind." This quote, from the Introduction, is very lucid. Indeed, this entire book is very well written and clear. I find Buddhism very profound, and as a representative for this "religion," Steve Hagen, does an outstanding job.He writes, "We cannot approach Buddhism, or begin any real inquiry into Truth, with any assumption or belief whatsoever. We must be willing to see things as they are, rather than as we hope, wish, or expect them to be. Authentic Buddhism, therefore, begins with fact. It starts with perception - direct experience. Real Buddhism is not really an "ism." It's a process, an awareness, an openness, a spirit of inquiry - not a belief system, or even (as we normally understand it) a religion. It is more accurate to call it "the teaching of the awakened," or the Buddha-dharma. Since the focus of this book is on the teaching of the awakened and not on any sectarian presentation, from here on I will usually use the term "Buddha-dharma" rather than "Buddhism."I found this introduction to Buddhism very helpful. It is written in plain English - very straightforward and pure - with excellent examples and plenty of illustrative stories. I would certainly recommend this book over other "introductory" texts on Buddhism. A couple of other books I would recommend along with this are:Become What You AreandZen and the Art of Consciousness.
The book is probable required for your class just like it was for mine. For being a book on Economics it was a good read. The book explained Economics very well and will definitely help you as you prepare to ace your tests.
It's an easy to read book, which makes you to take a step back and review if your approach to trading or investing is going to reward you. I am an investor rather than a trader, but I still find the book interesting.His idea of EXPECTANCY, although not very rigorous and I do not like his informal approximation, is useful concept. Is this his origianl idea or did anyone find a similar concept with other authors?
Finnegans Wake (spelled without an apostrophe, and spelled many different ways in the actual text) is one of the most difficult, enigmatic, and comedic novels ever written.  An extremist might argue that the novel is gibberish--however the language certainly is real and flowing, albeit heavily peppered with portmanteau and deliberately misspelled words.  Even characters' names are spelled inconsistently, such that one may not realize how early the three youngsters, Shem, Shaun, and Isobel, are introduced into the novel until rereading.  As the novel intentionally ends on the word, "the," one can start to reread the book and discover more of its secrets just with an appreciation of the feel for what Joyce is doing.And just what is Joyce doing?  At its most basic level, the book is an attempt to capture an entire night of dreaming with the same feel that a dream actually has, and it succeeds.  The book reminds me of a more sophisticated version of what I was doing in seventh grade in response to novels that I found pretentious and enigmatic largely due to my more limited vocabulary and life experience and try to write literature that had that same feel, sounded interesting, but did not necessarily have any real meaning.  Here, however, there is more to that in Joyce, who certainly inflects his work full of social commentary and satire, and thus, meaning.  The book is predominantly composed of wordplay, and its narrative, if it can be said to have any is structural and slight.My understanding of the book is based on my own perceptions of the actual text combined with the introduction by John Bishop and the outline of chapter contents.  The central character is a man named H.C. Earwicker, in the sense that he is the dreamer, but he is not telling us the story, at least not most of the time--he is experiencing it.  He has a wife named Anna Livia Plurabelle, and they have the three aforementioned children, young adults now, who are major players in the dreams that follow.  It begins with a town and a museum, and we are introduced to many colorful characters who never appear again, but not in the conventional way of a narrator, but rather experientially.  Various crimes are committed and suspects nabbed.The book becomes lucid in a Carollian sense more than eighty pages in with the trial and exoneration of the obviously guilty Festy King, followed y his sea passage.  There is something about a letter from Anna to H.C.E., but that shifts into a manifesto on writing nominally about The Book of Kells, but more trying to philosophize how one goes about the act of writing..H.C.E. has two sons, Shem and Shaun.  Shem is guilty of forgery and all sorts of non-violent crimes.  Shaun is the good son and adored by his sister, Isobel.  H.C.E. eventually reasserts himself into the story, but while in a drinking bout with his friends, he passes out and we enter into a synapse-firing remembrance of the story of Tristan and Isolde.  If you don't know the story, you won't learn it here, since it's mostly follows arguments of a bunch of men in a boat, with references to King Mark and the ill-fated romance, ending in a poem.Shaun and Shem get into a major argument over Shem's ethics, and after example and counterexample, Shem sends Shaun down a river.  Eventually he crashes onto a shore and receives a new identity.  Nevertheless, he is still able to speak at Isobel's confirmation in the church.  She sends Shaun a letter telling of her deep love for him, perhaps not entirely appropriately for siblings, and joins a convent at the age of twenty.Shaun, now called Yawn is pushed into a seance and answers questions as numerous people.  Eventually, H.C.E. asserts himself, and he proves to be brash and arrogant, claiming himself as the conqueror of many lands and going into detail about supposedly heroic acts and the building of a new city, as well as his marriage to ALP, which seems to be alternately a courtship and a rape.Nevertheless, after an examination of the greatness of a youth named Kevin, Anna Livia Plurabelle tries to wake H.C.E.  This section of the book feels very romanticized.  Although it is as opaque as the rest of the novel, it is reminiscent of the common romantic tropes of older couples reminiscing on their courtship and how young they were when they became husband and wife.  This, then trails off into the intro, through its ending on the word "the," and not because Joyce died or stopped writing--he lived three more years after the book was published to his exact specifications, seemingly misspelled words and all.No book has ever captured what it is really like to dream the way Finnegans Wake does--as interesting as, for example, Neil Gaiman's The Sandman is, it still takes more or less a conventional and relatively rational approach to the most irrational of thoughts and makes too much sense to be the capturing of a dream on paper.  Can the book be faulted for its use of clich&eacute;s?  It certainly has a lot of them, even if the hybridized words present these tired sayings with multiple meanings of new and old.  More unfortunately is its frequent use of the N word in ways that do not appear to be parodistic.  He even creates an obvious portmanteau with the word "niggardly" that doesn't seem to be anything but pure racism, which is kind of disappointing since so many ideas in the book seem so ahead of their time.  Moments like this are embarrassing to read.  It is often in the danger zone between being puerile and writing about puerility in many of its anatomical references, most of which actually do not appear in the "four positions of lovemaking between HCE and ALP" section.Overall, the work is best appreciated as a work of art with a comic vision, rather than as a story, or as a series of jokes.  Anthony Burgess's comment on the back cover that the work has things to make one laugh aloud on every page is probably true.  I laughed aloud at many a page in this book, and I am sure there are many, many jokes in the book that I did not get other than appreciating the entire tapestry.  It left me wondering if it is even possible to do anything truly experimental with the written word, or if Joyce completed every possible verbal experiment imaginable with the book.  He probably did not, but as much as I would like to write in this vein, it seems that he covered so many as to have made a creative cul-de-sac, in that one is simply doing a take-off on Joyce.  Many have said that this is exactly what Samuel Beckett did, although I do not agree.  While Joyce influenced Beckett, Beckett's work is pretty standard-lexicon and even a book as difficult as The Unnamable is more of a character study than Finnegans Wake, and thus move in a new direction that is not a dead end, in a spare style of observation rather than the fill-in-the-blanks of the conventional novels that general retell the same stories we already know and feel like clich&eacute;s even if there are not any clich&eacute; phrases as such.  This is not your plot-driven page-turner.  You will not be compelled to return to it out of interest in where the plot is headed (though you may at some points in the second half, which is a little more accessible than the first, if only because reading the first half makes the second half seem clearer), but to appreciate the artistry, the wordplay, what clever bit is he going to give you next, and what thoughts will it provoke in me.  Any book that works in those latter terms is a triumph for the author.  It may be a triumph for the reader to get through, but the reward is not in having finished something so difficult.  I found myself wanting to read it again immediately upon coming to the final "the," and as the clarity of the first several pages improved a great deal, I really had to decide that now is not the time to begin the book again, simply because it is such an insider work that one has to have been exposed to as much literature prior to 1939 as one possibly can to gain more fruit.  Not far from the beginning, and not far from the end, are dialogues between characters modeled on Mutt and Jeff--the characters have different names from the end as to the beginning, but with all of Shaun's name changes, one can only assume Joyce wanted us to read these as the same characters--old comic strip characters most people today would be unfamiliar with, and whose names mean something to me only because I have heard of them in reference to the history of comics.  Joyce draws from so many disciplines--some portions are enhanced by familiarity with the work of Mozart, for example--that it is clearly a book to return to years later, or else take a shortcut via the many books written about it.  The book took me about two months to read at roughly an hour or two per day.  I would definitely want to acquire my own copy and go back to it and see how my perceptions have changed now that I have a feel for the work's overall structure, although it would probably years before I reexamine the novel, if it can be called that rather than simply verbal art, musical and poetic, as a whole.
The author(s) are well-known in the security world. This book is very focussed on what it wants to do - make the user aware of the holes in Windows 2000, how hackers can/do break-in - including a great overview of different tools readily available on the Internet and techniques - and how to plug those holes.Some of the stuff mentioned stops becoming relevant the moment you start applying current service packs, but still an eye-opener. If you want to specialize in or learn about hardening the Windows platform, this is a must-read - worth every penny spent in time and money.Bharat SunejaMCT
I still have my copy of the original "How to Trade in Stocks" written by Jesse himself.  I had read it many many times.  One time, I re-read it over and over again, for about a month.Aside from the fact that I really enjoyed it, there was one thing that bugged the heck out of me, though, and that was part of the reason why I kept reading it again.  Namely, in the original words by Jesse, he says things like, "and that's where the time element comes in", but he never really clearly explained what he meant by that.I thought maybe I just wasn't grasping it, and that he did in fact explain it, but he really didn't.  No matter how many times I read it, I still felt cheated.  I wanted to know what he meant by the "time element", but really never knew.Until I read Smitten's extra chapters, that is.  Now I know what Jesse meant, and it has become an integral part of my trading strategy.  Now, I ALWAYS consider the time element, when placing any trade.Oh, I guess I didn't tell you what JL meant by it, did I?  You'll have to read it for yourself.
I give Mark Haddon full marks for the innovative idea of getting inside the head of an autistic youngster and placing this incredibly analytical but emotionally insulated teenager in a highly emotive environment and then letting the fireworks fly.  Well, with that formula the author couldn't go wrong particularly as our hero (and he is all of that) experiences sensory input at an extraordinary level without the ability to filter out the devastating amount of detail. As a consequently he needs exacting but compulsive order in his life to keep his demons at bay.This novel which I couldn't put down choked me up on several occasion but then again I like other readers, I imagine, am easily moved by heavily handicapped individuals surviving in an incredible hostile environment.  Yes, that comment was meant to be somewhat cynical to underline the point that the writer could hardly put a foot wrong with his novel even if he tried.  but I still give him full marks (100).I don't know if it was due to the fact that as a native English speaker I read this book in Hebrew, but I found the child's adversary's behavior a little askew from time to time and not altogether believable.  I don't want to give anything away for those who have yet to read this book, but would a kind, thoughtful individual really descend to the level of violence that this particular character does in killing the dog?  I hardly think so. And then would this sensitive family who obviously adored their child be so very dysfunctional in their behavior to one another and to the child? Maybe... I'm not sure but due to these doubts I give the book 4 and not 5 stars.This book seems to have conquered Israeli sentiments, where child care culture reaches exaggerated proportions at times, as nearly everyone I meet is either in the throes of reading it, has read the book or intends to do so and all have much to say about its emotional content.  Well done Mr. Haddon and thank you.
This novel is an underdog story of a young lawyer, Rudy Baylor, barely out of law school who goes against the big guns--that of a very corrupt insurance company defended by lawyers from a big, prestigious law firm.  You cannot help but root for Rudy, who put himself through college and law school and who is so desperate for a job in law that his job-hunting leads to a very low point: He finds work from a corrupt lawyer. However, through circumstances beyond his control, Rudy soon finds himself with his own struggling practice with a paralawyer (Grisham invention) named Deck.  Deck is an unattractive, unethical guy who does what it takes to get the job done.  He is an amusing character and rings true-to-life.  I think that most people know someone like him, or know of someone like him.  Nonetheless, in the end, I feel sorry for how things turned out for him.Rudy's biggest case is the Blacks vs. Great Benefit, an oh-so-evil insurance company.  The Blacks are a senior couple with a dying son who needs a bone marrow operation that GB will not pay for.  GB preys on the poorly-educated with medical policies that don't cover much at all in reality.(*Spoiler alert*: Don't read the following stuff within the parentheses, else it may ruin one of the best moments in the book. GB's employee manuals for claims handlers and underwriters instruct the GB employee to deny every claim initially! They only pay for claims that don't cost much and/or when threatened with litigation.)I really hope that insurance companies like GB don't exist; it is merely a Pollyanna hope, I suppose.  However, if we didn't have evil companies (or evil organizations, agencies, etc.), we wouldn't have great courtroom dramas (or just plain drama).  Things are more interesting when you have conflicts involving good versus evil, or some forms of those opposing realities.After reading this book, I know why Grisham is a bestselling author.  He delivers the goods in an exceptional way.  I find myself just flowing along with his words-it's so readable.  There are parts in this particular story that aren't that believable (most of the breaks that Rudy gets in the case against GB), but somehow it doesn't diminish the excitement of the story.
The great thing about reading a dire forecast now as opposed to when it was first made is to see if the warnings are anywhere close to being valid. Written over twenty years ago, White Noise affords us just such an opportunity. De Lillo's odd tale takes place in a fashionable College-on-the-Hill town. There we meet fifty-something professor Jack Gladney, chairman and founder of the School of Hitler Studies. (Next year, the school plans to have a department devoted to Elvis). Gladney, his fourth wife Babette and their several children from various marriages manage their complicated lives using a sort of "I'm OK, you're OK" philosophy. Call it moral relativism, call it diversity, call it what you want, but when you get to the point where " my truth is as valid as your truth" then you have reached the place where Hitler Studies, Elvis Studies, Creationism and Ebonics can and should have equal status with the old fashion stuff like English Literature, American History, Biology, including Evolution, Chemistry, Engineering and Mathematics. So it is at College-on-the-Hill, a place where the way too-busy multi-tasking towns-people get their information from talk radio, TV and tabloids, a place where everybody knows your name, and little else. It's not a place you'll want to live. It's the place that De Lillo's early warning system warned you about twenty years ago. His forecast was pretty accurate. Unfortunately, it was also, too late.
As a 25-year resident of the West, I had always understood water's importance but had always taken it for granted.  This book explains both why it's so important and why government and agribusiness interests have made it so easy to take for granted.  What I didn't really understand were the downsides of these activities, especially on the increasing salinization of the soil and the monumental subsidies that have been passed on to the ostensibly libertarian, free market agribusiness industry.  I canme away from this feeling grateful that the desert has been made an oasis, but also understanding that this oasis may have a much shorter lifespan than I ever imagined.  Extremely written and factually backed up through interviews with the prople who made all this possible, the book reads like a novel.  Sometimes I wished it was fiction.
&quot;Financial biterness could not eat to deeply into Mack and the boys, for they were not mercantile men. They did not measure their joy in goods sold, their egos in bank balances, nor their loves in what they cost&quot;. (Page 119)&quot;They just know the nature of things too well to be caught in that wanting&quot;. (page 142)I guess that for every reader there is a paragraph in which somehow the author summarizes the scope of its novel. For me is the one transcribed above. Each character have a gentelness a lightness which can be accomplished by any person at any pointy in life. Then life ceases to be a maze to be cracked and becomes in and out of itself a surprising aventure. How they get there?, well this is a novel not a self-help book so the process is not described, but a key (the same one)is offered to you in every page with amazing friendliness, elegance and style. Be kind to yourself.
This is a great book by Mathrew .The only thing which works in the market is buy low and sell high. IBD leaderboard does a great job in identifying those great stocks. I missed out Nu Skin when it broke out after its quarterly results. I waited for the next opportunity which came when the NUS broke out at 90.17 i bought and sold it at 94.52 and then bought again at 92.50 and sold it at 94.75 after the fed announcement and bought some more at 94.44. One thing ibd or cbd or lbd doesnt teach u is buy low and sell high and rebuy again. Over a period of time this adds to ur confidence your profit margin and most importantly ur knowledge base. Here are some dangerous points about IBD1. IBD says stocks once fallen never goes up. What happened to netflix it went from 300 dollars to 60 to go back to 300 dollars.2. Late stage bases dont work. Oh really priceline , visa and stratasys are all in late stage bases they are all working fine.3. Composite rating and rs line matter and so does new high . Oh really cree was at 73 dollars and one of the leadership board member when it crashed 20 percent after the earning.4. Always buy on the gap up. really what did trip advisor do it gapped up only to go up t0 80 dollars and come back.5. Always follow the ibd50. DO we really need to then its like nasdaq 100 only 50 stocks less. if i buy all 50 stocks then what is my profit.6. IBD 50 covers all the great stocks. Does it Qihu wasnt even featured once it went from 31 to 84 dollars one of the best growth stock in 2013. Instead in the leadership board they feautred jack in the box it tumbled 35 percent after earning and leadership board said later on it was a speculative stock if it was a speculative stock why was it put on the leadership board.7. IBD says it doesnt recommend any stock then what does leadership board do.8. IBD says in their seminar institution takes months to buy a stock. then when linked in goes up 2 pc or 2 pc down who is buying or selling its the institution. Institution makes money selling high and buy intraday low who else accounts for 2 million stocks a day.9. IBD says to buy and hold for 20 pc profit then why does ibd say a stock is extened after 5 pc so does it mean if one is late to the game he should just wait for the stock to go from 5pc to 20 pc .10. IBD says keep it simple yet we have idb50 ibd weekly review sector leaders its more complicated than nasdaq 100.Bottom line is its simple just concentrate on 5 stocks per year this yea l again at 3 pc profit, great mathematicians know the power of compounding 3 pc taken multiple times gives great result .11. nodbody need to go through cup with handle without handle double bottom and all its more a myth what works is pivot point 50 day ma buy at the pivot sell on the way up and buy again thats what the market does every day thats wat jesse livermore did he only used to read the tapes i bet if he read a copy of ibd with all these rating he wouldhave gone half crazy.Bottom line select few stocks every year and trade on it get a good chart from a reliable source and follow the chart.Stock market is not a science of rules and regulation its an art buy low sell high and only quality stocks like nflx celgene nus linked tesla what the funds buy is something u must buy that way u dont care about ibd50 or 100 or 1000 it doesnt matter its only the few stocks which makes u money like gerald o loeb which comes over time no ibd cbd or lbd qbd can teach u that ...Reason being1. He clearly explains what to do 10 mins on every week day. This is how you keep on top of theul market.2. He explains the reason why one needs to buy on an market uptrend and how to nimble into the market when its ivoon a market uptrend.3. He also explains when to sell and take profit.4. How to use the leaderboard.5. What is the importance of reading the big picture column, sector leaders and stock on the move.6. Why is it impohenow all the answers order your copy now. Its a concise book with lot of tips. I call it the handy book to understand the IBD newspaper and uncover  the mystery of CANSLIM. Great job Mathew.
I am still only 95% through this wonderful story.  I don't want to finish it.  But I can't wait to see what happens to Fogg.  I love Effing and Kitty and Uncle Victor.  It is absolutely wonderful.  I think this is the third book of Auster's that I've read--by far my favorite.  And I enjoyed them all.
This is another masterly novel from Greene. The setting is some African country and one really gets the feeling of a swamp which the civilised people from England slowly, but surely, sinks down into. The main character of this novel seems to be the setting.
A Series of Unfortunate Events 6: The Ersatz Elevator / 9780061757181I first came to this series after watching the tie-in movie "Lemony Snicket's a Series of Unfortunate Events". I love the series for its superb characterization, lovely writing, quirky plotlines, and deeply dark humor. This sixth book in the series carries on the tradition and will not disappoint fans.Like the rest of the novels in this series, this book is very slender and can be whipped through in a few short hours - if it has any drawbacks at all, it would perhaps be the price-to-page ratio. However, the story is engaging and well-told and it's impossible to not be drawn into the drama of the Baudelaire orphans as they struggle to survive in their new home in the penthouse apartment of the Squallors. The neighborhood is intensely interested in being fashionable and as elevators are now "out" and stairs are "in", the orphans are faced with the daunting prospect of living in the top apartment of a 66-floor skyscraper.A note about the audiobook edition of this book: this installment returns to the superb narration of Tim Curry that the early books in the series featured. Curry does an incredible job with the story and it is impossible to not be drawn into his deep, rich narration as he follows the orphans in their adventures.~ Ana Mardoll
Good book with lots of insight into the Lean/Six Sigma.Very well laid out with lots of useful examples.I would recommend this book as a good starting point into the lean journey.
This book is read in some college courses in California.  I believe that anyone who is familiar with the immigration issue should read this book.  I dound it to be challenging to my biases and it really opened a whole new door to the other side-of what it would be like to be an illegal immigrant.TC Boyle exaggerates his characters and their situations.  He uses satire as his device in this book to make his points.  And I found these things very useful in examining my world and myself.I highly recommend this book!!
Two men love a single woman (Sarah).  Her husband (Henry) is the first man, but he isn't much of a lover.  Her lover (Bendrix) is the second, but he isn't much of a man.  The story is told from the POV of Bendrix and he goes on about how much he hates everything.  Sarah left him and he's hurt to no end.  Bendrix imagines all of the other men she is now seeing, and it makes him mad with rage.  As the book unfolds, we learn that every ounce of Bendrix' hate was once measured by an equal amount of passionate love for Sarah.  Maybe the natural end of a jealous foolish lover, but the book is really about a whole lot more.Specifically, the book is about the power of God and the argument of whether God actually touches and influences our lives or whether he sits on the sidelines idly.  Most of the characters in the book don't believe in God or violently try to disbelieve.  They cling to the notion that God can neither be proved nor disproved.  As the book progresses, Greene puts his characters into subtle situations that show the hand of God in their lives.  The characters do all they can to cling to the rationalism that will explain it all away.  Sarah feels the real spirit of God, but she wants to disprove him to enjoy life.  Henry is just plain rational and unromantic, he doesn't see anything.  Bendrix is a flame of passion and he comes to hate God for all of his troubles, while refusing to admit his existence.Oddities occur and are uneasily explained away by Bendrix as mere coincidences.  The result is that the reader is challenged to examine the unexplainable situations in their own lives.  How many times has something happened to us that we've belittled that may have had a divine origin?  Greene has done a tremendous job using beautiful writing and characters to make us examine ourselves.This was my first attempt at reading Greene, and I would recommend it as a good first choice.  It's relatively short, and it can also be read in conjunction with viewing the well-done 1999 film of the same name.
I paid for the used one in expedited shipping, came quite quick i would say, an im not ashamed of it either. I believe in my self, and beleive that herding cats are the way to live, especially relating to this product. Whithout pens, we wouldnt survive.
I read this book everywhere I can.  I was carrying the book when I asked someone a question across the counter from me and she said, what a great cover, what is that book about.  Immediately, the design of the book and the title grab your attention.  At first the layout of the book seems different, but as with the new and the improved products he discusses in the book, the layout really has you, the reader in mind.The book is easy to read, has great stories, the pictures compliment the story without disrupting the flow.  This is a quick read and really worth the time and the effort.  You find out that design matters to all of us more than we think.  He goes into design not only of physical products, but of companies themselves.  Too many organizations are engineering driven, they think the item is usable, that is enough for them, but not for the customer.  From the authors' experiences with companies like Apple, you learn and even appreciate how Apple and others reinvent themselves and thrive.  You also see the contrast of companies on the down side of the design battle.You learn about Dell, Samsung, Harley-Davidson, Apple, IBM, Motorola, Target (yes, even Target, Ikea and many others.  What a fun book and a great way to talk about things that we acquire.I would recommend this to anyone who is running a company that effects people.  Maybe not a B2B company, but I am sure there are potentials there too.  Really, it is like the small stuff that matters.  Make something or a company that makes people feel like they matter and they will flock to you and remember and even, at times, give you a pass since you have so often made them feel to matter.  People vote with their dollars today, if you make them feel like they matter and show it what you deliver, you will reap the continual rewards of repeat customers.What a cool book at a time that we are needing to reinvent ourselves.  May this one be a book for our time.
Yes, another Java book. And this time it is specifically about developing applications on Java to run on Linux.What, Java is supposedly write once - run many so that it will work on just about any platform.OK, when you are developing something it often turns out that you do something specific that makes it rather tied to a particular platform. And if you are starting out on the development of a business application today, you're likely to at least think about doing it on Linux. So this book concentrates on combining Linux with Java. That way it can talk about the wide range of libraries, tools, GUIs, and other developmental assistance that really begins to tie the operating system together with the programming language.Probably some of the purists out there will complain, but this is a good place to start thinking about the application you need to write.
One thing that makes this book different from her "Affiliate Program Handbook" is that in the digital title she does two things: it's more step by step, and she teaches you how she does her pay per click campaigns.This book isn't so much a step by step guide as it is a blueprint. What Rosalind does is explain in great detail what affiliate marketing is, what you need to get started, and where to go to find good affiliate programs related to what you want to sell. In other words, you get an outline of the process that's involved, and the steps you need to take.One thing I've learned over the last 7+ years that I've been in business is that most of those who are new to online business just want to jump in and start making money immediately. Usually they have some kind of bill they need to pay quickly, or they need extra money. The problem here is that although online business will get you started more quickly, it still takes a little time to start making money.That's why Rosalind's system works so well. It helps you lay a strong foundation for affiliate business success by introducing you to the key principles and showing you how to get started. She will also introduce you to the basics of internet marketing, outline the most effective techniques, and show you how to start marketing your business once you've built your first website.For those who are interested in getting started in affiliate marketing (it is the easiest business to start), or for those who need a good refresher course, start here. This is pretty straightforward stuff, and it will help you understand the basics pretty well.Unlike a lot of internet marketing information out there, this is pretty hype free, and the information she offers is solid.Jinger Jarrett, Author,Internet Marketing for Free: The GUIDE: Internet Marketing to GO!
This book is simply the best.The authors are fantastic, they present the material is such an easy to comprehend form which makes it fun.The book is structured around a fictitious business called &#34;Rosie Rouse's Spouses Houses&#34; (There are many more), however the author walks you through the understanding of this businesses and it's cost structure outlining all the elements that make up the Income Statement, Balance Sheet and how Rosie created a budgeting report, how to compare those reports with the actual results of the business and calculate it's variances to figure out if Management is executing on it's plan.I personally enjoyed the chapter regarding Equity, which I think is fundamental for beginning entrepreneurs or investors.There are however topics that this book doesn't cover, however I'm rating it a 5 star because this book sets the foundation to continuously build upon.. any book about finance should only be read after reading this book... PERIOD..Great Job
Irish is by no means an easy language to learn and I struggle with it.  I couldn't do it at all without the audio portion of the course.  I did not give 5 stars because I have nothing to compare it to.
Several years ago, I read Goodman's wonderful novel The Lake of the Dead Languages and it was one of those books that just stuck with me.  I gave it to my husband to read and, shortly thereafter, stumbled upon this book and wondered why I hadn't yet read anything more by Goodman.  While I found this book to be another lovely and lyrical tale, I don't think I liked it as much as The Lake of the Dead Languages, though that's not meant to be a criticism.As with her previous novel, Goodman works several themes into the novel.  The main character of this novel is similar to the main character in that previous work in that they are both women who appear to be in a sort of stasis.  Iris Greenfeder, the protagonist of this novel, is somewhat aware that she is a soul in flux but she doesn't quite seem to know how to shake herself out of her torpor.  Iris herself puts it best when she notes that her life is a series of "all buts": all but thesis, all but married, all but a writer.  Her character exemplifies the trap that we all fall into in which we yearn for the things we really want in life but stay where we are because we know it, which therefor makes it safe.  Unfulfilled in her career and her relationship, she is, however, reluctant to be proactive and seek what it is she desires.A lot of her uncertainty is tied to the mysterious death of her mother, who was registered as another man's wife when she died in a hotel fire when Iris was young.  Before her death, Iris's mother had written two of the planned three novels of trilogy and Iris returns to the hotel where she grew up, ostensibly to work on a memoir for her mother while seeking the manuscript for her mother's third novel.  Iris, however, does precious little of either and, instead, spends the summer at the hotel engaged in an affair with an ex-convict who is her former student.Though Iris's search for the truth about her mother is a central theme of the novel, her search for the truth in her own life is just as prominent.  As her relationship with Aidan progresses and she begins to think about leaving her old and rather stultifying life behind her, she must face the truth about what she's made of her own life.  Has she been so obsessed with what happened to her mother and why that she has forgotten how to live herself?Like the main character in The Lake of the Dead Languages, Iris's quest is more internal and while it is tied to a mystery, the mystery is really secondary.  Goodman writes eloquently about women who think they know what they want out of life but who don't quite have the courage to pursue it.  It's a compelling theme and one with which I imagine many women can identify.
Although there's definitely a temptation for us to amuse ourselves to death with things that have always had the intent of amusement (sitcoms, dramas, sci-fi, fantasy, etc), Neil Postman has nothing bad to say about "junk television" (as it's called in the introduction).Rather, his very compelling argument is that we're turning into a society that will amuse itself to death because our capacity to comprehend and act on things is transforming into one that only operates on amusement itself. In other words, it's not that we make things for the sake of amusement that will hurt us, it's that we now make everything - even things that are not meant to be amusing - into a venue of entertainment.While originally published in 1985, I sincerely think this book is just as relevant today (in the age of Google, Youtube, Facebook, and Twitter) if not even more so than when it was first penned. Postman takes the reader through the history of our mediums of communication and shows (and I mean, really shows from history) that when our culture of communication started to turn from the printed word to visual images, our capacity to think through things cogently had started to drop significantly. Our attention span has taken a terrible plummet. And even our humanity has been desensitized to a degree.In just this short book (163 pages), he shows so effectively that when we watch TV for things like news, education, religion, we're not being given news, education, or religion - we're being given entertainment (in the sense of amusement for amusement's sake). A succinct summary from his son in the introduction puts it well: "Silence has been replaced by background noise. ... [He did not] fear TV across the board (as some thought). Junk television was fine. "The A-Team and Cheers are no threat to our public health," he wrote. "60 Minutes, Eyewitness News, and Sesame Street are" (ix, xv).The whole time reading through this, I couldn't help but to think of how many more mediums have been affected by this same thing since 1985. And it's very difficult to number them. And it's very hard not to see the whole realm of news, politics, education, and even many churches truly living out what he saw so long ago.Throughout the book he contrasts the two novels of Brave New World, by Aldous Huxley, and 1984, by George Orwell. Whereas 1984 predicts a world governed by coercion from the state, Brave New World predicts a world governed by hedonism. Or, as Postman put it: "In short, Orwell feared that what we hate will ruin us. Huxley feared that what we love will ruin us. ... This book is about the possibility that Huxley, not Orwell was right" (xx).And Postman does a very great job of demonstrating that possibility. Regardless of your own conclusions at the end of the book (I know I have some of my own), I do think it would be nearly impossible to read this and not be affected in how you view TV or the internet, or all sorts of other avenues of communication.And while I don't think Neil Postman was a Christian (in the Biblical sense of the term), I have no hesitation recommending this very thoughtful work on the evaluation of our culture. Even though it was published almost 30 years ago, it's very applicable even today.
This is not a book for beginners - there isn't much about C-programming, or even about cocoa programming as such. You are expected to have a reasonable grasp of OOP, dot-notation and square brackets and all. What there is is very detailed annotated code for applications that you might actually use. Perhaps the code is over-annotated for some, but I found it very helpful to have a detailed, line-by-line description for those "what's going on here" moments. And in the body of the text, there is a further description of what and why.A great book that seems to have given me enough "Aha!" moments to make me feel confident of producing something useful.My only quibble would be that some flow diagrams would have helped. However, given the "style" of the code, which doesn't use interface builder very much, if at all, it's fairly straightforward to build your own diagrams. It is a matter of personal preference as to whether interface builder should be used or whether it's better to wire an application up in code - both may "break" with Apple upgrades/changes, so it is important to understand both approaches. And you can always get a diagram in Xcode.Strongly recommended.
I enjoyed reading these short essays.  Thomas has an endearing way of presenting little known facts and sharing unusual analogies that bring unusual insight into the behavior and society of humans and their diseases.  This is no hum-drum collection of nearly identical articles, but a widely varied set of essays that incorporates good humor and generous praise of the wonderful world in which we live.
This is probably the first children's book I purchased as an adult, as a gift for friends. I've since read it to my preschool age children, and they've enjoyed it as well. Harold comes across some sticky - even scary - situations - in some of the Purple Crayon stories. But his imagination and ingenuity always see him through. A wonderful fantasy for children, who after all live in a world in which they have very little say, but many opportunities to be creative and use their imagination. An important part of any child's library.
Tarquin Hall&#8217;s fourth novel in the Vish Puri detective series proves just as remarkable as the previous entries. Hall, a British journalist who lives in India and is married to an Indian, captures the sights and smells of India while providing an excellent and amusing mystery. Vish Puri fans will be delighted; those new to the series won&#8217;t be at a loss and will enjoy The Case of the Love Commandos as much as seasoned readers.When high-born Tulsi Mishra falls in love with low-born Ram &#8212; a Dalit, or &#8220;untouchable&#8221; &#8212; her father, Vishnu Mishra is, unsurprisingly, staunchly opposed. However, the star-crossed lovers plan an elopement with the help of the Love Commandos, a real-life team of Indians who try to ease the way for marriages between Hindus of different classes. On the day of the elopement, Ram turns up missing and soon thereafter Ram&#8217;s mother turns up dead. Vishnu Mishra is the obvious suspect for both.One of Vish Puri&#8217;s operatives, nicknamed Face Cream, convinces her boss to investigate the disappearance as a pro bono case. Vish Puri soon discovers that any number of people existed who wanted Ram out of the way. As Puri untangles leads dealing with Ram&#8217;s home village, a shadowy medical laboratory and his slick detective rival, Hari Kumar, readers will thoroughly enjoy Puri&#8217;s attention to detail, his uncanny abilities and his comical sense of self-satisfaction.Meanwhile, Vish Puri&#8217;s eagle-eyed mother, Mummy-ji &#8212; despite the discouragement of her son and daughter-in-law &#8212; tackles an investigation of two unsavory characters she meets on the train en route to a pilgrimage. Does Mummy-ji get her man? Let&#8217;s just say that Vish Puri inherited a lot of his cleverness from her!As with his previous novels, Hall seamlessly weaves in facts about India into The Case of the Love Commandos. The lessons about the abysmal lives of Dalits, despite modernization, and of the rampant corruption at every level of society in no way interfere with the flow of the excellent novel. Don&#8217;t miss it
The Ripening Sun was the first book of Patricia Atkinson's story of her life in France as she and her husband began a vineyard. Without telling what happens, I'll just say the books are autobiographical and it helps to know French and be interested in wine-making. I found her life in both books fascinating. But true life is interesting to me and details about French life and agriculture are interesting. The people she writes about are real and remind me of those I know in France. Worthwhile.
The book's message is a good one:* Despite the fact that you think you are the world's gift to the financial world you probably aren't going to be able to beat the market. (If you are reading this Warren, I am not talking about you.) So, you are probably going to be better off investing in stocks broadly. In other words, invest in an index fund or two instead of picking individual stocks. You will enjoy low fees, yet still beat most of the dummies (and man, does he pan those folks!) who manage mutual funds.* You should diversify into international stocks. You should invest in bonds if you are risk-averse.* You need to be careful about your own psychological tendency to ruin the performance of your portfolio by buying high and selling low. I can verify the truth of this!* You need to get off your duff and actually save and invest some money for your retirement (!)* You should completely ignore what the financial pundits and the popular press have to say about the stock market and which stocks are "hot".* Plan your retirement carefuly and realistically and keep it in mind as you pick your investments.* Run from full service brokers and DON'T TRUST THEIR ADVICE in general because most are just lining their own pockets and don't really care about yours.Overall it was a good book which is why I gave it four stars. One issue I had with this book was that it was a bit long-winded and slightly preachy. Yes, Mum, I know I need to eat my veggies but that doesn't make for a particularly exciting read. The message of the book could really have been summarized using a set of bullet points on one page. Believe it or not, this is Mr. Bernstein's second try at writing a readable treatise. Third time is a charm?So, if you are looking for the quick bottom line, maybe this isn't the book for you. If you are looking to read about the history of the stock market with a generous helping of mathematical analysis to boot, go for it!One other bone to pick: Mr. Bernstein makes so many references to the Vanguard fund family it starts to seem like one long info-mercial.Overall though, the book contains a lot of reasonable advice that you would be wise to take.
Once again we have another winner in the Alex Cross series. I found myself caught up in the story and wanted to tell Alex the bad guy was so close to him and he didn't have a clue. A real page turner. Alex Cross fans won't be disapointed.
The 'Introduction' starts with a warning against the biotechnology revolution. It is broad-based among thousands of laboratories. Much of it is thoughtless or frivolous. This work is unregulated and has no oversight among scientists. The author has projected these principles into this novel. What if extinct dinosaurs were recreated today? Crichton uses his scientific knowledge and talented imagination to create another best seller. A producer, John Hammond, uses scientific talent and piles of money to fulfill his plan; how could anything go wrong? Who was watching the reality to see if it matched the plan? Is there a practical use for dinosaurs? Will he perish, like Victor Frankenstein, at the hands of his creation?Both crocodiles and sharks have been around since the Triassic age, roughly 220 million years ago. Would there be any problems is dinosaurs were to be recreated? Don't all plans contain simplifying assumptions and outdated data? Reading this book will give you the background to better understand the 1993 film, and the sequels. The book is better than the film, which is a simplified version of the book. There is a fad for dinosaurs among children. Perhaps a comic book version of the film would educate them?
This book serves not only as a list of the editors' recommendations for books the serious reader will want to have read by the end of one's life, but as an informal guide to the works themselves. They offer analysis of  the works' historical origins and value, as well as things to keep in mind  while reading them (their suggestions on reading Shakespeare and James  Joyce are splendid!)What's more, they encourage the reader to add upon  the suggestions made here; the emphasis above all is placed on the love of  reading and the discovery of great literature.
I thoroughly enjoyed the style and period of writing.  The characters were alive and real.My only criticism is it was to tied up with the big bow and the too perfect ending.However on getting there loved the now and the past plot development.  It maintained the threads and theme throughout.
Halldor Laxness won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1955 mainly for this incredibly odd book about a sheepfarmer living in contempt of the world around him on a lonely croft. Bjarter of Summerhouses is very much an anti-hero; he treats his dog better than his wife and is obtuse in his pigheadedness. The book is mainly about how misfortune continually punishes someone you don't really care about, so why it works so well as a complete masterpiece of poetry and emotion is a mystery to me. It is a little slow in getting into at first, but the strength of Laxness' prose and characterization quickly gets to you. Bjartur's life is surrounded with people who are filled with love, and the irony in contrast with him is fascinating to notice. Classic topics such as pride and strength are explored ad nauseum, but every now and then we meet the supernatural, the beauty of nature and free thought, poetry and art and grace and an other-level comprehension of ordinary life that Laxness writes with astonishing beauty (if you read it, you'll know what I'm talking about). Life is not a parade for Bjartur, but he always maintains his dignity, and eventually it shows him how to live a life of humility and love. The journey to get there is a wonder to experience.
Ruth Rendell is an amazing British author with a wonderful talent for mystery writing.  Put On By Cunning is in the Inspector Wexford series of books and is as good as it gets.  It is a maddeningly complex murder story where you really need to focus and keep your wits about you.  The clues are all there for the reader to see - nothing is hidden.  Although to come up with what really happened will take some cunning - and don't be put on!
This book has been phenomenal for review and also to read during class. It does cover much of the other books done by them. I would recommend buying one or two but not all of them.
From the first paragraph to the last, I was enthralled.  This book has affected me so deeply that I'm still thinking about it weeks after having read it.  To me this is not a book about the immigrant experience or even about an alcoholic' struggle.  This book explores the contrast of their existence.  Kathi is pitiful and the colonel is heroic(at the end).  While she clings on to the house as though it stands for sobriety, the colonel is determined to keep his house because it stands for freedom for his family from pretense.
If you want to understand why a vet comes home quiet you need to read this book.  The issues and stories make the reality of war come to the forefront.  It is not pretty.  Not patriotic.  Not something to aspire to!  True and disturbing to read and re-read.
Returning to the lands of ice and snow, this third-published (1994) if sixth in the series of Seven Dreams of the North American landscape "straddles the gap between fiction and documentary history" (409) as it crunches by. Compared to "Fathers and Crows" (1992, reviewed by me) and "Argall" (2001, also reviewed), "The Rifles" tells its narrative proper in 340 pages, little more than half, on average, of those two epics.William T. Vollmann's ambition in this and his life's formidable work investigating violence and power remains towering, but for how long, and among how many? In lengthy, insistent, sprawling books before and after this, he confronts the rationalizations people make for conquest, whether of a prostitute's body or of a proud culture. He was about thirty during this polar travelogue, and begins to shift from cockiness to introspection. He wonders early on, as he sidles past his youth: "Maybe life is a process of trading hopes for memories." The bulk of this Dreams project for posterity (and since then, the time it's taken from or among related projects as massive or more so over twenty years) may bridle his impulsive chronicling. He muses about book-shaped, sulphurous stone slabs, stacked by icy pressure, but easily skipped into a lake to be smashed. "All books are like this; they stand shoulder to shoulder in the library stacks; perhaps they are 'popular' at first. perhaps not, but eventually they stand anonymous, unread, forgotten, and this is how it should be, for this is how it is with lives." (15)He means to spend as much of his life as he can tracking down human frailty and natural force in remote places. Like the first saga of "The Ice-Shirt" (1991), this tramps into the Arctic. It focuses on the Inuit, who were introduced in that initial Dream, but moves between Vollmann's 1988 and 1991 visits to the Canadian north more evenly. Allowing contemporary insights to contrast with those on Sir John Franklin and crew's doomed expedition of 1845-1848 as they sought a Northwest Passage, again we witness, as in all four installments so far, an attempt to break through the frozen or forested continent. The French traders of Qu&eacute;bec, and the English colonists of Virginia, failed to find Cathay, as they traded in respectively iron kettles and copper ones, along with guns, to divide and conquer.The power of repeating firearms (in a doubled meaning), spirals from the faint impacts of the Norse intruders, eight centuries before. As the narrator asks, "because iron axes had almost decided things in Vinland, because arquebuses had taken command in Kebec, what must rifles have done here?" (45) Within this historical adventure, Vollmann seeks his own maturation. He longs for understanding, becoming a consciously farcical but decently meaning intruder himself as "Captain Subzero" hands out cookies to kids on Cornwallis Island. Older people look through him; older boys shrink back. Three girls (after parental permission for outings) play along with William's earnest exchanges. "He wanted so desperately to be loved; he gave more things away." (33) He's yet another trader there.One particularly returns his affection, a commodity he laments as so elusive to obtain or share. Reepah's "mouth tasted like the bubble gum she'd sold her tooth for" as Bill, or "John" puts it. For, after he assumes the role of Captain Subzero in his antics with the local girls, Vollmann finds in Reepah's friendship his polar twin, Captain John Franklin. Cleverly, as he (presumably) fictionalizes himself as procreating protagonist, he conflates Franklin's wife left behind, Lady Jane, with "John"'s Inuk lover.  Vollmann, with little pretension and anguished awareness, expands this "grave-twin" trope. Gradually over the first hundred pages, Captain Subzero speaks on behalf of Franklin, until the English explorer's venture intersperses with Vollmann's own, a century and a half later in the Arctic.The author realizes he may romanticize the region. So might its now aging first Inuk inhabitants, for they were relocated to Resolute by the Canadian police to settle there a hundred years after Franklin's arrival. The indigenous presence ensures the protection of its natural resources against Norwegian claims. The displaced natives look back fondly on their Northern Qu&eacute;bec homeland, compared with desolate Nunavit. After all, "the reason we love Eden is that we've been expelled from it". (82) Reepah's past or present suitor staggers in with bloody mouth and black eyes to leer at the teller; the pop songs or television blares; her child cries; she goes to prison; she becomes pregnant by "John".Within this disconcertingly bleached domain, full of blue water and sometimes sky, green and yellow rocks, and the red Maple Leaf flag, as well as a ruined airplane, Vollmann admires its terrain. "The islands were mottled in all distinction, like the forehead of a Nobel prize winner, the moon through a rich man's telescope." (95) Sparing in descriptions, he freshens them to convey his presence. He enters this Fourth Dream dramatizing his own quest, as the third (at least, among his main male Dream characters to date) hesitant white man courting a native girl, uncertain of his claims on her.The predicament of the native, entangled along with those who seek to master the people and their land, mirrors Franklin's ice-bound position. Yet, "Subzero enjoyed 'being' Franklin, being now occupied by only physical constraints", for in this paring down to the elemental, the essential lesson emerges. "Captivity frees one from the anguish of a liberty bereft of the good", he asserts. (116) That is, the reason ex-prisoners and ex-soldiers return to wax nostalgic among like comrades lies in the fact that then, the "future" with "all that" for better or often worse still lay ahead, as yet unknown. Yearning within the imprisoned or conscripted soul, in Vollmann's view, enables inner liberation.Excited by the prospect of a Northwest Passage, the Victorian-era crew feels "on the edge of something new, moving with an ice-horizon that was banded like some grey Easter egg, frilled and starred with most subtle lacings". Certainly, dazzling horizons stimulate those new to them, then or now. The narrator shares in them "to the extent that" he is Franklin; but "to the extent that" he is Subzero, he cannot escape the "daily ache like old ice, knowing as you did that Reepah was in need, that seals were dying for nothing, that Fox and Raven were rotting in the dump at Pond Inlet, that PCB contamination had been reported at Yellowknife:-- the agony was not moot as for earlier pages of our continent". The Greenland Norse, the Qu&eacute;bec French, the Virginia English have long lost their colonies. This fourth of the Dreams jolts more. The teller blames himself for some of this vast loss. "When you hear someone screaming for help and you do not know what to do, it is much worse than when she is already dead. This is the reason to get stuck in ice." (137) Vollmann reiterates Franklin's uneasy freedom, for soon his crew find themselves unable to move, trapped for seasons in the Arctic.On an earlier expedition, about to leave behind a native girl he has impregnated, one of Franklin's crew, facing depleted supplies, worries. "Just as Mr. Franklin was doing with the others of her race, he used her only as a temporary source of meat. He said this to himself, and yet it was not true. He loved her. That made his helplessness more miserable than ever." (180) Another kindred spirit preceding Captain Subzero. He compassionately relates dragging a drunken Reepah through a (New York?) city, blurring her into Hood's consort Greenstockings, abandoned by Hood, pined after by a rival officer, Back. Soon, around the Arctic Circle to find a passage, Franklin's men starve.They will again, on their last journey which deepens the despair on that second doomed foray. Vollmann enlivens the weary imagination of weakening Hood, near the polar Barren Lands. "Somewhere the caribou were so numerous that their antlers were a moving forest and their dark shoulder-bumps were tussocks; their legs were grass and suddenly the barrens grass was gone and a moving forest came galloping across the rivers." (197) On their arrival, the English had given out rifles, and shot caribou as the sailors meandered past the shore. Now, they scout each other, to devour.Franklin, by the last third of this narrative, stands with his men "watching the open water die" (241). As Subzero muses, it's always lead, in the repeating rifles--bringing dependency, decimation of the native ways of life, and destruction of the native habitat--or, in the case of Franklin's men, the lead-soldered tins of meat that slowly poisoned some over three years, and addled the reasoning of the survivors, none of whom lasted for long, The final sections, after the set-piece of Subzero's ten days in an abandoned weather station near the North Magnetic Pole as he tries not to freeze to death, peter out into a blur of white pages and black print, as the memories of men merge and wander off.  I liked this better than "Ice-Shirt" but the willfully, if fittingly, vague concluding pages may not please those wanting closure.
What a wonderful book this author has written. It talks about developing interpersonal skills, public speaking skills, prospecting skills, networking etiquette, sales skills, marketing principles, and even customer service. It mentions the power of the Thank You note, and of giving more than you receive. It also devotes a chapter on some things about home-based businesses. And a chapter about the opportunities available through network marketing, and also a chapter on mail order and direct marketing as a business opportunity. I'm not sure the mail order chapter should have been included. Quite frankly, I think the author should have written another book about what he discusses in chapters 12 to 14 instead of including those chapters here. And I think Chapter 15 should have been saved for its own book, and not included in this book either. But who cares! Anybody interested in the main thrust of the book (endless referrals) is going to be interested in chapters 12 to 15 - and they are well written and informative.What I liked the most about the book was the chapter summaries at the end of each chapter. I did not have to wade through the book the first time through. I just had to read the summaries. The other thing that was really nice about the book was the "recommended reading" sections at the end of chapters 12 through 15 and the one at the end of the book. Those booklists were very thorough and helpful. 5 stars!
Jamie & Claire can never be boring to me! Maybe I'm weird, but I love to see them happy - and they are NEVER BORING to me! I agree with another reviewer - their lives are always in such turmoil - it's refreshing to see them halfway stable for a while - and the relationship between Brianna and Roger grow.  Diana's characters resonate with me on a very visceral level.  I have read and re-read all 7 books and hope there will be (2) more books and that they end happily!  (I don't want much do it?!).  Her complex and vivid details make me believe that these characters and situations are real - and many of the details are real...  Jamie and Claire are as sensual as ever - and yet she makes it all realistic - none of this "Flame and the Flower" type stuff - she said she set out to write a 50 year marriage and she is doing that! I hate novels where the couple struggles to get together the entire book and on page 542 they do and by page 590 the book is done!  Voyager is my absolute favorite, followed by Outlander and then Dragonfly in Amber but in truth, love them all.
I was so disappointed when I had reached the end of the book, I didn't want it to end!  It was so good that I have declared it my new fave.  The story of King Arthur told from the woman's point of view is so well done here.  The characters are so real, the situations as if they really occurred.  Although the story itself is truly a page-turner, I found the feelings that it stirred in me to be more amazing.  This book made me feel closer with the Goddess Religion, and raised ideas, thoughts, and feelings that I've found to be very enriching on the Goddess path.
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-TimeBy Mark HaddonThis was a great book.  The author puts in a huge amount of detailinto each chapter making the book very easy to understand.  The way hedoes it is great, because he put his own ways of doing things into thebook.  It is a story of an autistic boy who tries to find out whokilled a dog.  This story ends up with him heading to London Englandon a great adventure.  The end kind of drags on a little, but itsstill the best book I've read for 3 months.  I would recommend thisbook to anybody from the ages of 13 - 100.  With any gender.neil, chandler, matt p. Cole a fellow comrade
Dorothy Richmond has developed an excellent workbook to teach the many tenses of Spanish.  Her explanations are clear and the exercises enjoyable to work on.  At the end of each unit there is a translation exercise which incorporates the grammatical lessons in lively, colloquial language.  Answers are in the back of the book to check yourself.
"Core JavaServer Faces" introduces JSF to programmers only requiring HTML and Java knowledge.  The first chapter explains how to setup the examples using Tomcat and Ant.  The authors show everything needed to run all the examples, including the directory structure.Most of the book is also appropriate for experienced web developers.  The second half has involved topics.  The authors include a few comparisons to Struts and comment on how to combine the two frameworks.  The authors keep most of the technical/advanced concepts at the end of the chapters and mark them clearly.The first half of the book explains JSF.  It includes everything you should know to use a framework, such as lifecycle and tags.  The second half of the book shows how to use JSF with longer examples.  This includes Tiles, custom components, JDBC and LDAP.  There is even a chapter of wireless devices and combining JSF with MIDP.  The last chapter is 25 "How do I ___" questions, like those at JavaRanch.The book highlights best practices where possible.  It uses some, such as style sheets and message bundles, through the examples.  It even mentions cross-site scripting attacks and how JSF can assist in preventing them.I had a copy of the first edition first printing.  There were some minor typos and a missing reference, but the authors promise this will be corrected in the next printing.  The reference is also on the book's website.  Overall, I would definitely recommend this book.
I work in social media, and one of our clients is in fact a rock star -- a Grammy nominated rock band, to be precise. Do they get a lot more love on Facebook than the average accountant or software company? You know it!In this book, Collier takes the position that it isn't so much that being a rock star is a huge advantage, but that rock stars approach social media and marketing in general differently.Instead of looking at customers in a cold and abstract way as passive consumers of their ads, they connect more deeply with their fans. They make the effort to understand them, to figure out why they are fans, to connect with the "Bigger Idea" that motivates them.What if your company looked for your product's fans and treated them like members of a special group instead of just trying to sell to them?This book uses examples from the corporate world and the world of rock music to show just how this can be done.This is a very accessible, non-tech guide. It doesn't go into detail on how to set up your Facebook page or use Hootsuite, but instead gives a (possibly) new way of looking at your marketing strategy. An inspiring book for experienced marketers and DIY start ups equally.
The book and its protagonist come off as "bitchy", "effeminate" and "French."  On a good day, these qualities might be interesting and even charming in a drop-dead sexy woman who is undressing in front of you. That's especially true if you have the option of shipping her back to Europe the next day, forever.  But these same qualities are a bit too much in an olfactory scientist who may (or may not) be on the verge of cracking the sensory-neural code for smell.  Frankly, I wasn't able to make it through the entire book given the grandiose portrait that emerged.  This story will be MUCH more interesting if it turns out that Luca Turin's fascinating theory and brilliant predictive model end up being correct.  If that's the case, then I'll be the first to suggest that we wash him in a glorious spicy and sweet scented bath of vindication and validation.  (Somebody else needs to hold the sponge).Having said all this, I have the strong sense that Luca Turin is an intuitive and creative genius, with the overflowing passion and insight needed to make unique breakthroughs. It would appear that he's using some kind of synaesthetic sense to perceive and describe the olfactory sense.  In a world filled with competent but unimaginative nirasas, people like Turin are worth their weight in gold. They forge forward filled with passion, conviction, dedication and vision (or in this case smell). They accumulate enormous amounts of information but are unconstrained by the shackles of convention.  The biggest problem for these people occurs when they return to earth with their alien messages.  They find a mass of people in a cave, watching shadows, and who do not have a schema for new information.  In Turin's case, he's found brilliant metaphors to describe his olfactory dream world, but he is still struggling to present his Martian understanding in a language and style that is acceptable to scientists.  He's trying to translate what he knows based on experience into validated, empirical, accepted scientific truth.  It is a long road and at times he's a lousy driver. Trying to run Nobel Laureates and other great olfactory scientists off the road is akin to road rage.  Good luck.I think its great that so few people believe Turin's theory and that evidence is mounting against it.  I say this now because I'm betting that his theory is correct in general form, and that science will ultimately validate a theory that looks like his.  So I'm jumping on the bandwagon now, while it is still is fairly empty.  Maybe that means something.  I'm no expert on the chemo-senses, and my understanding of smell is highly limited.  But I do know something about sensory systems in general, and about frequency-like coding in vision, hearing and touch.  In the visual system, frequency-like coding channels are everywhere... in the cones that are differentially sensitive for wavelength, and in the higher visual areas that are selective for spatial, temporal and other frequencies.  The ear and it's cochlea are clearly frequency analyzers, with "critical bands" and tonotopic variation represented clearly in the brain.  The skin contains frequency selective mechanisms, too, as made implicit in Bolanowski's classic model. As our understanding of haptic perception improves, I'll bet that we'll find cortical detectors selective for tactile spatial and temporal frequencies. Whatever. My key point is that other sensory systems reek of just the kind of processing that Turin advocates for smell.I was interested in this book because I was interested in his scientific theory more than anything else.  I learned about it in the new sensation and perception text by Wolfe et al. (2005). I found plenty here to help me understand it (though there's a reason I'm not a chemist).  I'm finding that there are better ways to become familiar with Turin's scientific theory than purchasing this book.  Turin's Flexitral website provides the excellent references, including many available for download.  The J. Theoretical Biology (2002) seems to be the most accessible, but I have yet to see the more recent papers, including a 2005 book chapter. According to the website, Turin has published, or is about to publish, a book on the subject.One more thing--The ultimate tests of Turin's model and any decent model of olfactory processing will be conducted by neuroscientists and psychophysicists, not a bunch of chemists. (See, e.g., the new book by Wilson & Stevenson). And the tests will involve olfactory detection as opposed to olfactory discrimination and odor prediction.  I'll even suggest the technique.  Measure olfactory threshold functions for a bunch of different chemical odorants.  Measure these thresholds in a bunch of different individuals, creating a big data base of individual differences.  Then use the  individual differences to figure out what goes with what.  If Turin is right, factors will emerge that conform to his vibrational theory.  Simple.  See my published papers on individual differences in visual processing.I may return to finish this book at a later date.  That's all for now.
The Marieb-Hoehn text is, what I feel to be, one of the best introductory anatomy and physiology textbooks to date. It is a very basic text, and I frequently use it as a reference guide. I purchased this book as a refresher for my biology courses, and now I consider it an essential part of my education. Perfect for Human Biology majors. I love this older version as compared to the newer because they are very similar and it only cost me four dollars. Beat that, 8th edition.My one negative about this book is the cover. From a distance it looks like I'm obsessed with tennis. Maybe, Pearson books, lets have a cover with some spark. A human heart, or some crazy molecular shit like they have on some chemistry texts. Now we're talking.
No gilded statues on pedestals, no gongs, bells, or chants. This Zen teacher relays "uncluttered, original insights and observations" from the Buddha, gleaned from Hagen's three decades of practice and study. He refreshingly dismisses, when instructing one in beginning meditation, to stay with the basic breath-awareness, for instance, free of "visual object, sound, or thought." He insists throughout to "'see' Reality" as that which Zen masters define as One Mind, the unchanging seamless Whole behind a parade of passing moments.He coats his approach with a light but sturdy veneer of Dogen's "just thusness," with a touch of Nagajuna, and a dab of Shunryu Suzuki. As in that teacher's "Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind" (see my review), this is not an historical survey. Like Suzuki's book, this brief account uses parables to teach, but Steve Hagen adds his own lessons from our own Western lifestyles in more American prose, in an unassuming style which sounds like a good friend's side of a conversation.Unlike most popular books aimed at fundamentals of the buddha-dharma (Hagen wisely prefers this term to "Buddhism" with its institutional accretions and cultural obfuscations), this author stresses a streamlined approach. Hagen constantly repeats the message of the dharma of the awakened one: to "'see' Reality." He, as with the more advanced recent works of Stephen Batchelor (great follow-ups are "Buddhism Without Beliefs" and "Confession of a Buddhist Atheist," both reviewed by me), advocates the eventual possibility of "leaving the raft behind" once the teaching's succeeded.That is, not to confuse as so many practitioners do the "territory for the map," as if one tries to cling to a particular practice or hold on the dharma, as if to "box it up and cart it away." He cautions about "the deep end of 'duhkha'-- existential angst," (111) and he resists the temptations of settling into a smug routine. "Final job of teacher: free student of teacher" (82) remains wise advice he passes along. The dharma is none other than things as they are, filtered via our senses. "It hurts to defy Reality." (127)While accessible for beginners, this book does skip about, and it does not always convey its structure as clearly as it might have. (One paragraph as a pr&eacute;cis on pg. 4 is very general.) Hagen follows the typical outline of introducing the Buddha (two pages to cover the supposed facts of his life--this book eschews legends and claptrap) and the four truths before extending its reach into the eightfold path for two-thirds of the narrative, concluding too hastily in a compression of the twelvefold chain. Hagen keeps the enumerations (which some writers use to weigh down their expositions) to a blessed minimum, but he needed more pages to elaborate this final section; the chart's too pithy and the appendix too truncated.Hagen also jumps past his initial treatment of inherently good or bad people as categories impeding "right speech." He criticizes "judgment or discriminate thinking" but he doesn't return to this until more than forty pages later, when decoding (well) what the Buddha called "frozen views" of conceptions. Hagen muddles his interpretation of a classic "Gestapo ask where the innocent family is hiding--do you lie?" case study, and this inclusion and related eightfold sections needed tightening.But, even if an index and suggested reading list are absent and the organization of this narrative can slacken as well as tauten, the no-nonsense direction generally favored by Hagen may appeal to many seeking a discussion of buddha-dharma scoured of incense smoke and guru dust. He prefers straight-talk to platitudes. "The buddha-dharma doesn't ask us to give up control. Instead, it acknowledges we never had it in the first place." (51)
Though it's one of the oddball pre/midquel episodes of the Narnia Chronicles, "The Horse and His Boy" is a deeply entertaining story. C.S. Lewis shifts his focus from the land of Narnia to a more exotic Middle-Eastern setting, and  an archetypical story about a mysterious orphan, a fierce runaway, and two talking horses.Shasta has always lived in the land of Calormene, with a fisherman claiming to be his father. But one day, he hears his "father" agreeing to sell him as a slave. So Shasta escapes on the visitor's horse -- a talking Narnia horse called Bree, who wants to escape Calormene as much as Shasta does. No sooner have they run away than they encounter a nobly-born girl, Aravis Tarkheena, who is escaping a terrible arranged marriage. Like Shasta, she has a talking mare named Hwin.The two bickering kids decide to escape together, but they soon find themselves pulled to the capital city of Tashbaan, where the Narnian royals are currently staying. And as Shasta starts to unravel the mystery of his own parentage, he and Aravis uncover a plot to kidnap beautiful Queen Susan, and conquer Narnia."The Horse and His Boy" is a bit of an oddball story, which doesn't fit into the main storyline of the Narnia Chronicles. Instead, it's a side story which explores the enemies and allies of Narnia, as well as telling readers just what the four Pevensies were doing for all those years in Narnia before returning to our world -- visiting Calormene, a sort of generic Middle-Eastern country.Don't worry, it's not a case of good-Europeans-versus-evil-Middle-Easterners. Prince Radabash is nasty for plot reasons, but Lewis has good Calormenes, bad ones, noble ones, and dizzy ones. And though Lewis' veddy veddy British writing sometimes clashes with the setting, he does an excellent job of bringing traditions and exotic settings to life.Shasta and Aravis are definitely strong lead characters -- Shasta is an archetype orphan who uncovers his true ancestry, and Lewis handles this without any clumsiness. And Aravis is probably Lewis' strongest female character. She's tough, a fighter, smart and resourceful, even when dragging her ditzy pal along to spy on their nasty prince. And neither character tolerates idiocy from the other."The Horse and His Boy" is only loosely linked to the other Narnia Chronicles. But it's a highly enjoyable adventure story, and a fun midquel.
This is one of my favorite bell hooks books.  I have given out several copies of this book to my female friends.
Read this book well and pay attention and even a beginner can write poetry that won't make other poets cringe. Plus it has a pitch chart of English vowel sounds, which is so useful.
Mr. Lynch has shown us here how to invest (not trade) successfully, one can just use common sense. For example observe people in the malls: What store do they walk in most? Where are most of the crowd headed? Take note  of the stores/businesses. Ask your wife/husband what their friends buy,  where do they shop at? What products are they talking about at your  husband/wife/children's work/party? These are all clues as to what business  is selling more and will have a greater earnings for the upcoming year.  Watch the competitors, who are they and are they selling more?Basically  by applying all the basic observations in the daily life of a business and  *networking* information from family/friends, once can spot the  &quot;10-baggers&quot; (a company whos's stock price will be 10 times  higher in the future.)It is written in a plain and non technical way for  the general investor to understand what investing is all about. A very  useful book.Thanks Steve.
On the surface, Natsuo Kirino gives us a book loaded with nail-biting, page turning suspense.  What lies beneath is a scathing commentary on the social climate for women in Japan.  Women are seen as beautiful young pets, or useless old bags.  Kirino shows a side of Japan that I didn't know existed.Kirino's brilliant characterization makes this book work.  Every person is fleshed out within the context of the story, and flashbacks are only used when absolutely necessary.  I never felt like the story was on hold while I learned about someone's childhood.  I can't stand it when writers stop a story cold just to fill in holes that they have created.  Kirino doesn't have that problem.The book has a bit of a slow start, but it is necessary for the author to paint a picure of the mundane world the characters live in before things start to heat up.  The story picks up momentum and charges through to a brilliant ending (I have to disagree with other reviewers who disliked the ending. If you don't like the ending, you may be missing the point of the whole book). The plot twists manage to surprise the reader without feeling forced. Kirino's style is concise and well-paced.My one complaint is that it is difficult to keep the characters straight because of their similar names.  With names like Yayoi, Yoshie, and Yoko it's hard to know who's who at times.  This may show my American ignorance, but I have to admit that this was a problem for me.This minor complaint aside, I loved this book and I highly recommend it to all fans of crime fiction.
Blanchard, and a score of other authors with whom he has collaborated to produce this book, offer a variety of insights into leadership covering such topics as:- the power of vision;- serving customers at a higher level;- empowerment;- situational leadership II;- situational team leadership;- self leadership;- partnering for performance;- organizational leadership;- leading change.The concept of leading at a higher level means "the capacity to influence others by unleashing the power and potential of people and organizations for the greater good." The key phrase in this definition is "for the greater good" which means, in essence, leadership that focuses on both people--their morale and satisfaction--and long-term results. The book's central purpose is to promote this ideal.There are many themes that Blanchard and others have written about before in these pages, but the book presents a highly readable distillation of solid insights and practices. While not groundbreaking, it is an informative collection of essay-like chapters on leadership.
Very well written. Informative and helpful. After I read this book I have to do a bit more fact finding but it is because of this book I know what to look for and how to approach the problem. This aiuthor did a great job in detailing the problems and issues facing many men today while laying out solutions in an easy to read format.Very nicely done.
Of course, there are many accounts of Jewish suffering in the Nazi concentration camps, and some may be more bloody and gruesome than this one. However, you must take into account what Wiesel did afterward. Instead of become an embittered, reclusive vagabond, he took what he could learn from the experience and spent the rest of his life trying to help others and sharing lessons that could actually make the world a little better place. So, though the account is brief and rather matter of fact, it holds within it the heart of a champion for peace. In place of emoting self-pity and angst, Wiesel tells his story simply and deliberately, and we must be thankful that this was only the beginning.
That said, this book went a long way toward explaining things in a way that makes them clearer instead of more confusing.  The flow of the book isn't entirely logical to me, but the material in the individual chapters works well and I learned a lot of working the problems at the end of each chapter.  I also recommend that you purchase the study guide that goes with this book and work through that as well.
Mr. Barondes carefully develops a set of tools to help us understand people. The challenge though is remembering them all. A summary to be used as a learning tool would put this book at 5 stars for me. Without it, 4 stars.
Got this book for my foundation class it was very helpful . especially with test taking. I study my text b/f my test then use this book for review. IT's a must have.
Whether you are interested in decision making, investing or human behavior this book is a helpful and fun read.  From first impressions to hubris and risky behavior he provides specific suggestions for everything from choosing health insurance to car accidents, citing stories ripped from the headlines. He backs up his advice with research from trailblazers such as Kahneman and Tversky. This is a book In found myself underlying many pages.  Good companion books to this are Smart Choices, Nudge, Sway, Irrational Exuberance, The Big Sort and Going to Extremes.
Hope is Not a Strategy is the flavor of the month at the Very Large company who pays my monthly salary. Like every other employee with a client-facing role, I was given a copy and ordered to read it. Worse, as a junior member of my new sales team, I was asked to organize a group "away day" with a purpose of discussing the book and applying it to our accounts.I have to confess that I was initially not impressed with being assigned this task. Like many people in the current market, I have been subjected to a wide variety of sales training and solution selling methods. I have been spun by SPIN sales training. I received Solution Selling as a gift from my sales mentor. I have followed the internal mandatory selling skills method training that my company uses to structure accounts. My first thought when I was handed this book was "Oh, no. Not *another* one."At first read, I have to say that my opinion did not significantly improve. It felt like the keys covered much of the same ground as we had covered in the other sources. The structure  of the book is a little bit odd and did not encourage me to read further.I am happy to report that this is a book that gets better and more useful with closer examination. The consensus of my team eventually was that the keys are really a great tool for opportunity and relationship assessment and that it fit nicely into ground not covered enough through other sources. The partners said ruefully that the thing they liked best about it was how many of their own bloopers they recognized back in the examples.In short, this is a book that only does itself justice when you start working with the keys for success as tools to evaluate your opportunities.  It is well worth the time to do this-- at least our group of partners and consultants thought so!Note to publishers:One of the things that we discussed is that while this resource and others are excellent for evaluating opportunities, most of the opportunity problems seem to stem from poor account management. The little tiny chapter at the back of Hope is Not a Strategy is not enough to really address this problem. We find that many resources similarly say "account management is important" without really developing how to translate good opportunity management into account management. Market opening for someone?
This is an EXCITING book - very positive - unlike most that I have read about the issue of how we use oil, coal and gas to meet our country's energy needs.I was very surprised in reading this book to learn that energy efficiency technologies that ALREADY EXIST could be used to dramatically reduce our energy usage.  The authors, (one of whom is both a physicist and an economist)present examples of energy conservation projects which are currently operating all over the U.S. so that readers will understand that these methods are not hypothetical and they save the companies money, so they have negative costs.One of the authors' goals, as stated in the introduction, is to show readers that energy efficiency has a huge role in economic growth, despite the fact that economists have not previously incorporated it into their models or theories.  They argue that part of the plan for our nation's economic recovery should include investing in specific technologies and industries to accelerate energy efficiency in order to generate economic growth, as well as reducing our dependence on fossil fuels.  They argue that the reason this is critical is that we are tens of years away from substituting renewable energy sources for oil, coal and natural gas so we must find a way to bridge this GAP.One of the most striking examples in this book is the story of the world's largest steel company, Arcelor Mittal.  This company operates a plant in Indiana where the firm set up a system to capture waste heat and convert it to emissions free electricity.  A nearby U.S. Steel plant used a similar method to use waste blast furnace gas.  In 2005 they generated 190 megawatts of electricity - more than the ENTIRE U.s. production of solar electricity that year.The book is full of examples like this.  For many of the efficiency projects detailed the period it took the companies to generate savings to cover the cost was less than two years, so these projects DECREASED operating costs. Some of the examples are of techniques used in other countries and in reading this it is disturbing how far ahead of the U.S. they are in finding ways to get more energy from any given amount of carbon based fuel.Another issue the authors address is the vulnerability the U.S. has due to our dependence on imported oil. If we take advantage of opportunities to get more use out of the oil we import, our vulnerability to price increases and shortages decreases.The authors take a very practical approach to these issues, and acknowledge that some of their ideas would draw intense opposition from American energy companies.  It's doubtful that our politicians would be willing to support bills that draw criticism from those companies, and which might cause a decrease in political contributions. Sadly, it is very possible that these solutions will get no traction until and unless the country is in an energy crisis.  However, the methods that fall in this category are just a part of the solution and many can be implemented without any efforts by Congress.I could go on and on with this review because the book is fascinating but I'll stop here with just one more comment - this book should be required reading for the senior managers of every one of the top 100 corporations in America.  There are energy savings that are "low hanging fruit" available to us and it's a crime if we don't take advantage of them.
It has been quite a long time that I have been interested in reading a Murakami novel, just never got around to it until now.  Wow, I just finished "Kafka on the Shore" and immediately began reading "After the Quake".  This book left me mesmerized, lying awake at night thinking about the real and surreal events that I just read.I've read most of the reviews about "Kafka" and many of them compare it less favorably to other Murakami novels.  Fortunately, I cannot bring that comparison to my view of the book.  As I move to other Murakami novels, I'll be better able to assess how "Kafka on the Shore" compares to his other novels.The story focuses on two primary characters. Kafka, a 15 year old boy from Tokyoruns away from home (and his father) and winds up in Takamatsu, "educating" himself by reading books on a variety of subjects.  Ultimately, he befriends the library clerk and learns of the head librarian, Miss Saeki and her tragic past.Nakata is an elderly Tokyo resident who was permanently "disabled" by a bizarre WWII incident.  While he doesn't function well socially, Nakata's unique ability is to talk with cats and cause fish to rain from the sky."Kafka on the Shore" has some of the most hilarious and inventive scenes in modern literature.  Hoshio, Nakata's traveling companion, encounter with Colonel Sanders continues to keep me smiling.The only thing preventing me from giving the book 5 stars is the final 50 pages.  I felt Murakami veered a little too far into the metaphysical over the last 50 pages and could have more tightly wrapped up the ending than he did.All in all, this is one of the more satisfying books that I have read recently and I look forward to enjoying Murakami's other novels.
This book is perfect for kindergarten and 1st grade.  The non-fiction information is presented clearly for younger readers and those who will hear this story being read to them.  The pictures of winter and winter animals are done simply and artistically.  This book is appealing to young children and assists them with facts about animal's lives in the winter.
An absolutely must have for parents who value creativity this is a tale of a little boy who goes for a nighttime adventure spawned by his imagination and his trusty purple crayon.
If you are studying calculus, the books from Schaum will certainly help you to develop your problem solving ability.This is NOT a real analysis textbook inspired on Bourbaki topology. So that some readers do not consider the material really advanced. I think they were expecting 18 ways to express the Axiom of Choice (Zorn Lemma for example) Godel conjecture, Fixed point theorems, path and non-path conected sets, differential forms, more terminology (homeomorphism, diffeomorphism, manifolds) etc...The book has an approach similar to Piskunov or G.B. Thomas Junior books, that is, more elementary approaches (but note that elementary does not mean easy). Many solved problems.Look at table of contents inside the book at amazon to grasp an idea of what you will get.Overall, very good companion, practical and with many examples.
I bought this and Arriba! for a meetup.com Spanish grammar class we're taking. While I like the Arriba! book, this one was far better. It's easier to understand, has more English instructions, and accomplishes its goal more quickly.
Early in the second chapter, the author reveals a profound question he was asked early in his career after he had presented an opinion with supporting evidence- "whether the data I had just presented as a reason for my bullish outlook was data that I had selected because it supported my theory, or was it data that I consistently tracked, hoping to detect signs of change?"At that point, he had to answer that it was more of the former than the latter. But going forward he began developing dashboards of indicators that he would watch consistently, forming the basis of this book.Because metrics on everything would be overwhelming, and because the author believes that higher level decisions, such as how much is invested in stocks versus bonds, has a greater impact than lower level decisions (such as what specific stocks or bonds, or stock or bond funds, one buys), his approach and examples are focused on the big picture.While this book offers no silver bullets, the author describes his five categories (momentum, the economy, liquidity, psychology, and fundamentals) as well as examples of key metrics in each. The importance of each category and how the example metrics work is well explained.Although the author's focus is clearly in managing large lower-risk funds, I was disappointed not to see any information on how to use this system more aggressively, or why such an approach wouldn't work, if it couldn't.I understand that the author gets his data from proprietary systems (e.g. Bloomberg), but it would have been helpful if he could have listed some good (free) sources for the metrics described, especially since he notes how readily available the data is "over the Internet."Aside from these minor shortcomings, the book is excellent, especially in the way that it makes the reader think about what he or she should be monitoring.
My education in Tibetan history reads like the serial cliff hangers of a tragic soap opera.  Looking backward from the present, it is easy to see the Chinese invasion of Tibet as the cause of the suffering the Tibetans have experienced in the last hundred years.  But that is all too simple.  Piecing together the history one looks for people to blame for the unfortunate outcomes at each stage of Tibet in the 20th century.  The Tibetan Diaspora would point to the Chinese as the culprits and, god knows, the Chinese have behaved abominably, but the story has many sides to it.  Like the Palestinis, and Kurds (till the first Gulf war), Tibetans, no matter how beloved the Dalai Lama has become, are the forgotten of the world, abandoned by nations who stand for humanity and beaten on by more powerful neighbors.  To see how my thinking has unfolded as I have read each episode of Tibetan history look at my reviews of Goldstein, Iyer and Thurman.A History of Modern Tibet, 1913-1951: The Demise of the Lamaist StateA History of Modern Tibet, volume 2: The Calm before the Storm: 1951-1955 (Philip E. Lilienthal Books)The Open Road: The Global Journey of the Fourteenth Dalai LamaWhy the Dalai Lama Matters: His Act of Truth as the Solution for China, Tibet, and the WorldMacKay's three volumes are difficult to get a hold of as is McGovern's interesting book, "To Tibet in Disguise."History of Tibet (Curzon in Association With Iias, 9)Shakya's book fills in the history from '47 to the early `90's.  The part until 1955 pretty much parallels Goldstein's  History of Tibet, adding detail from the Tibetan side but leaving out some of the subtleties of power struggles within China which affected Tibet.  Shakya suggests that he doesn't read Chinese so his coverage is limited to Chinese documents translated into Tibetan.The episodes in this tragic soap opera begin with the plausible assertion by China of suzerainty over Tibet which may have consisted in no more than formal obeisance although there were mercantile, monastic and regional groups who saw Chinese hegemony as a counterbalance to Central Tibetan dominance.  With the fall of the Manchu, Tibet was effectively independent until the invasion of 1950 although no nation recognized that independence.  Because China was weak and Britain distracted by war, it was not until the Communist victory in China that China could enforce its claim to Tibet, and they did so by invading the semi-autonomous regions of eastern Tibet whose loyalty to the center was very questionable.  As Goldstein points out conservative forces in Tibet from the 1920s on prevented preparation for the onslaught that was clearly inevitable.The episode from 1951 until the Tibetan uprising in 1959 is a curious one.  Sweeping the eastern areas of Kham and Amdo into China proper, the Chinese militarily occupied all of Tibet and treated it with kid gloves claiming they would not begin social change until the Tibetan people were ready.  The Chinese courted the monasteries, used the established government to rule, and wined and dined the Dalai Lama in China.  They even encouraged the Dalai Lama not to make social changes the people were not ready for.  The Chinese poured resources into Tibet hiring contractors and many laborers to build the roads connecting Tibet to China.  While some merchants prospered and peasants had new found cash, the central government resisted changes the Chinese wanted to make and when resources became tight in China and they cut back on subsidies to Tibet the Tibetans were resentful.  Although there was mixed monastic and aristocratic cooperation, Tibetans as a whole disliked the Chinese presence.When the Chinese began to institute reforms in Kham and Amdo akin to the changes they were making elsewhere in China, the locals resisted.  The Khampas objected to land redistribution.  Collectivization of land would foremost affect monasteries which in eastern Tibet housed fifty thousand monks and were the largest landowners.  This attack on religious institutions, despite the fact they exploited the peasantry, was universally disliked.  The author claims there had never been any peasant uprisings against monasteries--a claim whose historical accuracy may rest on the fact that monastic record keepers had no interest in recording any incidences of the same. To control potential resistance, the Chinese asked that weapons be turned in.  But the Khampas like American rednecks refused this, and when the Chinese began collectivizing and settling nomads in 1955 serious fighting erupted.  On one occasion when both fighters and civilians sought refuge in a monastery, the Chinese bombarded it killing innocent people.  Some survivors and other guerillas retreated into western Tibet.  It is interesting that the central government did nothing to support the rebels.  Its response was a mix of fear that the Chinese would then attack Lhasa and a traditional feeling that the Khampas were inferiors.The presence of Khampas in Central Tibet and some who fled to India had a number of effects.  The exile community in India now had champions and so encouraged the Khampa.  The areas south east of Lhasa to which most of the refugees and guerillas came felt imposed upon.  They had little enough food and the Khampas strained their resources.  The locals were also offended at some banditry committed by the Khampas.  In Lhasa the Khampas found allies among some who opposed the Chinese.  Opposition came not only from upper classes and monks but also ordinary people who had rarely been involved in politics before and whose opinions were never solicited by past Tibetan rulers.In 1956 the Dalai Lama visited India and there was an effort made by the refugees to keep him there.  Nehru and the Americans wanted him to return as he did.  Nehru so as not to offend the Chinese with whom he wanted to co-exist and the American because they felt the Dalai Lama would cause more trouble for the Chinese from within the country.  Because of the growing resistance to change in Eastern Tibet factions within the Chinese government reevaluated the forced social changes blaming "Han Chauvinism" for lack of appreciation of Tibetan culture giving rise to resistance. The Chinese were willing to ease up.  At the same time the CIA began to support the Khampas injecting the Cold War into the mix.  In 1958 the Khampas were successful in some raids causing the Chinese army to launch an effective counteroffensive. "...the relationship between Lhasa and Kham were at best uneasy, and at the worst, hostile."  If things had not come to a head, "civil war might have broken out between the Lhasa regime and the Khampas."  In 1959 the Tibetan government was paralyzed and the Dalai Lama "very near despair."  In anticipation of the "great Monlam" festival, the gathering of which involved thousands of monks in Lhasa tensions mounted.  This event had been the occasion of previous outbursts. The Chinese prepared for violence and some Tibetan monks and soldiers gathered to discuss possible threats to the Dalai Lama from the Chinese.  In the tense atmosphere the Dalai Lama was invited to a performance at the Chinese military camp to which he intended to go fearing nothing although some advisors urged him not to.  What unfolded was, in its immediate causes, completely unnecessary but could later be seen as a response to the inevitable.  A rumor spread that the Dalai Lama would be kidnapped by the Chinese.  The rumor was abetted by officials who did not want the DL to go.  Without going into detail which Shakya covers well, the crowds gather, brutally murdered a Chamdo Tibetan official for wearing modern clothes and Chinese cap, dragged his body around Lhasa and severely beat another Tibetan official. Other high Tibetan officials attending the ceremony knew little of what was going on while the Dalai Lama and those surrounding did not know how to respond to the riots. The DL still wanted to go. The next day  the crowds began to hit Chinese targets. The crowds felt betrayed by Tibetan officialdom.  It was not until a week after the first riot that the Dalai Lama fled.  Confusion reigned with some officials supporting the rioters while other trying to calm them.  Tibetans often used the tactic of not responding when pressed. In 1904 the 13th Dalai Lama fled hoping that British demands would go away.  The 1959 riots seem like another such instance.  The Chinese aware of their military superiority waited a week before reacting, hoping things would quiet down.  Then on the 17th they began sporadic shelling, reclaimed Lhasa and enforced their occupation of the rest of Tibet.  This was a  turning point. There was no longer any reason to treat Tibet with kid gloves.The author does not address the question of whether the Dalai Lama should have fled, but it lurks in the background.  The subsequent history of the Chinese occupation might suggest that to preserve Buddhism and the Dalai Lama's religious authority, he was right to have gone into exile.  Tibet suffered from all of the various left and rightward turns that plagued China while Mao lived and other oppressions in the years afterwards.  The Great Leap Forward, Let a Thousand Flowers Bloom, the Socialist Education Movement, the Cultural Revolution and the turn toward capitalism, Getting Wealthy is Good, all left their imprint on Tibet.  In the 1950s the Panchen Lama returned from exile despite Lhasa's attempts to stop, then diminish, him.  Because of his cooperation with the Chinese he could thought to have been a Quisling but in fact he was able to soften some Chinese actions which earned him imprisonment for many years when the Anti-Revisionist Campaign of 1964 attacked feudal lords and nationalism.  When he emerged from prison in 1978 and house arrest in the 1980s he again took up the role of moderator.  What would have been the Dalai Lama's fate?  There is a successful &eacute;migr&eacute; community and the Dalai Lama is a world icon.  As far as I know the diaspora does not  lionize the 10th Panchen Lama.  But he stayed, shared the fate of his countrymen and did his best.Two threads now emerge in Tibetan history.  One is the tremendous suffering of the Tibetan people under the Chinese.  The second is the role of the exiled Dalai Lama as a world figure and his effect on events in Tibet.  In brief the Chinese tried to eliminate nationalism within China as an advanced step in the socialization of society.  Tibetans suffered attempts to destroy their traditional way of life, especially during the Cultural Revolution.  Collectivization, destruction of most monasteries and endless purges and reeducation depended on the particular shifts among Chinese political factions.  It all seems to have been a miserable failure.  And while some of the rebels of 1959 languished in jail, while others were killed, the devastation of production, and brutalization of suspected opponents during various swings, left Tibetans dulled and withdrawn.  Whether they suffered worse than the Chinese in China is hard to say.  But it was all visited upon them by people whom they regarded as alien conquerors.  It is a sad testimony to ideological blindness and human cruelty.  It smacks of the Crusader conquerors of  Jerusalem, the Conquistadors, the enslaving Vikings, Mongol hordes, the British slavers, King Leopold, Russian collectivization or Nazi occupiers of Eastern Europe.  Somewhere in the whole process, the Chinese hoped they would break Tibetan's spirit and develop cadres loyal to the motherland who would value production, socialist equality, and modernization more than their traditional religious past.  How much that succeeded is hard to assess, and Shakya, like other authors, feels that despite all the Tibetans had been through when conditions were liberalized they went back to supporting monasteries and sending their sons to be monks.  The latter may have been as much because the Chinese never offered Tibetan youths much economic opportunity as commitment to the faith.  Nonetheless liberalization in China, when applied to Tibet, led to resurgence of religion and resistance to Chinese domination.  What followed was marshal law, harassment, censorship, limitations on monasticism and forbidding any expression of devotion to the Dalai Lama.Added to that, in the 1990s, was a policy of intense economic development of Tibet.  As the entrepreneurial spirit was let lose in China, Tibet was included.  This led Chinese with more training and initiative to flood into Tibet and begin to dominate the Tibetan economy.  Whether the flow of Chinese was government policy to overwhelm the Tibetans or simply a result of market forces (the Chinese did have formal restrictions but as in China itself there was no holding back the tide).  So we have come to the current situation: Tibet with suppressed nationalism, Chinese economic and, at least in the cities, increasing demographic dominance, and a diaspora of 1/60th  the population of Tibet but with a significant world audience and a claim to all areas in which ethnic Tibetans live.  Because the book ends in the 1990s we are at an episode before which there is impact of the extraction of Tibetan resources by the Chinese---mining, electricity etc.  Also we know little of how the Tibetans participated in the economic changes.  They can't all be laborers and peasant farmers.  The details of economic history need another episode of the soap.That leaves us with the Dalai Lama and the diaspora.  It has been a mixed experience.  From being held in check by India until the China/India wars of 1962, the Dalai Lama from the early 1980s on has moved himself and Tibetan culture  on to the world stage.  From the Nobel prize, to Congressional medals and thousands of Westerners practicing Tibetan Buddhism, the DL and the diaspora have truly become world heroes.  Their history of negotiation with the Chinese and ability to affect affairs of Tibet have had their ups and downs.  While exiles may have encouraged protests in Tibet during the DL's address to the US congress in 1989 and may even have an underground in Tibet, lots of Tibetans got killed.  As for influencing Chinese policy or engineering Tibetan autonomy, the DL seams to have gotten nowhere, and despite claims of endorsement from countries or political parties, the Chinese seem to know that they have to pay very little in the world for their domination of Tibet.  No nation cares (nor have seemingly ever cared) enough about Tibetan sovereignty to put pressure on China ---and who could anyway given China's emerging economic clout since the mid 1980s. Is the Dalai Lama relevant?  As of the end of the book in the `90s, it is hard to say.  Maybe I have to see the next chapter of the soap.  I certainly will look for a source to fill me in.  Meanwhile what would it mean for the Dalai Lama to return?  His autonomy, in real terms, would mean independence for the Tibetans.  Given their repression, nothing less would do for people who have so suffered under the Chinese.  So we have or will soon have a situation like elsewhere in the world: Fiji, there are more imported Indians than native Fijians.  Capitalism, of course, dictates that the successful are entitled: Indians in Africa, Chinese in Singapore and Malaysia, Jews in Palestine and New York, Cubans in Miami, etc.  Not easy to unravel.  The Dalai Lama wants to send the Chinese home, but what if China really dropped its Communist bosses and became democratic.  Could Tibetans reasonably expel the Chinese or would there need to be affirmative action for the Tibetans.  Where is the next book covering the details of Tibetans in Tibet from the `90s on and what about an economic history?  I am searching.  Meanwhile read this book for a good coverage of the post 1955 episodes.Charlie Fisher author of Dismantling Discontent: Buddha's Way Through Darwin's World(* shandeh is the Yiddish word for shame)
Now this is great story telling, done well. It has a lovely tempo and is right up there with the best of this truly great British writer. How has she kept producing so much quality for so long?
Honestly one of the most insightful books ever about a culture I knew nothing about.One of the best books that I stuck to until the end. I thought initially it was non-fiction,Was a bit disappointed to learn it was not, and they coined a new phrase for me...that ofAutobiographical fiction.  Say what??  Okay, I loved it anyway!!!
There is so much to cover in this book!  I had this friend who got this book as a present about 10 years ago and I always wanted to borrow it so I could take some of the tests in it.  We aren't on speaking terms anymore, so when I randomly remembered this book, I went ahead and bought it.  Some of the tests are harder to understand (I thought I would have understood them by now!)  But otherwise, I recommend this book to anyone who likes taking person tests about themselves.
I pretty much side with the lone assassin group.  I also think Robert Groden sells more books, by finding more people hiding out in the grassy knoll. He's up to about 8 people and 15 shots. However, for this book he gets five stars from me.  He has amassed the best collection (and some of the pictures are not very pleasant) of the Kennedy Assassination photos I have been able to find.  I was almost afraid to buy the book because of all the sour notes about the captions, but I was not bothered by that. Even though I don't agree with Grodens thoughts on A lot of issues, it will take people like him, to demand that we need to open private files now, and not after 75 years.
Are you a high school student who isn't in the &quot;cool&quot; group? Are you constantly ridiculed and/or picked on? Or are you just cynical and mad at the world? If you are any or all of these things, this is the book for you. It is your bible. Holden Caulfield IS you. Sorta. And he IS me. Sorta. We can relate.That is what makes the book so good, it is realistic and believable. It could happen to anyone. In fact, it happens, more or less, to hundreds, maybe thousands, of teenagers every year. Out of all the characters in popular literature, Holden is probably the most &quot;real&quot; to his readers, with the possible exception of Sherlock Holmes. I know people who thought this was a true story and wondered why the author's name didn't match Holden's.All this is not to say that only teenagers will like the book. They are more likely to like it, but anyone could like it. It is a realistic description of the world. Many of the things said in the book about human nature are so dead-on accurate that is it damn near scary.SPOLER ALERT. The sad ending, where Holden ends up in a mental ward is depressing. One can only wonder what would've happen if he had gotten his cabin in the woods like he wanted...
I needed to get this book in a hurry...an interesting class in diversity in the Work place & the world!!
I do not have the right to critique this author. I am fortunate to have the right to read his work. If you have never read this book, or if you have not read it recently, do so.
There is no doubt that Harrison's is an indispensible reference for internal medicine.  The writing is clear, and lay-people as well as medical students and professionals will find a lot of useful and understandable information here. While in my opinion the extra color and illustrations have not added a tremendous amount of value to this new edition, the rapid evolution of medical thought makes the latest updated editions of texts such as this highly recommended.
As the title suggests, this is not your basic SQL book. The book is targeted at people who have already been using SQL fairly heavily for years. While I may not have been the target audience, it is clear to see why Celko is so popular. Within five minutes of opening the book I found myself saying "huh - I never thought of it that way... and he's right!" To me, that is a sign of a great book. Celko tries to show how databases should be though of as sets (you do remember them from math class, right?), and use set-based math to make your a better SQL programmer. He doesn't waste time explaining basic commands (he assumed you already know them), and goes straight into the theory behind it. If you use SQL and want to take your game to the next level, this is the book for you.
This is an exhaustive review of the laws of physics as related to physical reality with significant emphasis on the mathematical component. The author is an outstanding mathematical physicist of our times, and in this book of 1100 pages, he describes the concept of space, time, and matter (energy) in terms of classical physics, quantum physics, string theory and its derivatives.In physics, the behavior of objects is understood in terms of the action of a force; a vector quantity, which has both magnitude and direction. The force acts on a matter and produces a causative action that results in an effect. The cause - effect is one of the fundamental aspects of classical reality, but it gets fuzzy and uncertain at submicroscopic levels (quantum physical reality.) The main object of physical law is to describe the reality we observe. Our observation includes this universe that is made of space, time, matter, and energy. All objects are made of matter, which exists as complex structures composed of molecules, atoms and fundamental particles. Matter is also a form of energy and the two forms can interconvert as described by the Einstein's famous equation. The fundamental particles has certain physical properties and the manner in which energy (and force) is expressed is though their association with the so called force particles that are responsible for four fundamental forces that operate in nature, they are; electromagnetism, gravity, strong and weak nuclear forces. The four forces mediate matter-matter interaction and facilitate matter-energy conversions in spacetime and thus explain physical reality. The key to the understanding of nature and physical reality is to discover a theory that satisfactorily explains all the four forces and this theory must be experimentally verifiable. Unfortunately, this has not been achieved so far, but we have theories that can be verified but explains only three forces. One single physical theory that explains both quantum and classical realities have not been successful mainly because the nature of gravitational force (curved spacetime) is difficult to describe in a unified situation, since space and time at the most fundamental level are also quantized (exist in discrete quanta) and are they dynamic (not static background).To understand this book the reader is required to have undergraduate level physics and mathematics; the author explains in the introductory part of the book why he chose to include mathematics despite its negative impact on the book's marketing potential. It would suffice to say that the interplay between mathematical ideas and physical behavior played an important aesthetic role in the minds of great physicists, and Albert Einstein is one of the most important figures in being attracted aesthetically to a particular idea. You can skip chapters 1-16, and from chapters 17-30, general discussion about geometry of spacetime, quantum physics, quantum field theory, quantum cosmology and the standard model of particle physics is presented. I found the last four chapters to be most interesting.A brief summary is as follows: The unification of special relativity and quantum theory led to quantum field theory (QFT) which produced a minefield of infinities, but with some ingenuity, the infinity problem was circumvented leading to standard model of particle physics which is in good agreement with nature. The controversy between the quantum relativity group and the QFT side is that the latter group tries renormalizability or finiteness as the primary goal, but the former group likes to solve the conceptual difficulties between the two theories. The combination of two theories of particles physics into one framework to describe all interactions of subatomic particles, except due to gravity, is called standard model. These two theories are electroweak theory and quantum chromodynamics. They describe force interactions between particles in terms of exchange of intermediary particles. The author also engages the reader in an insightful discussion of many other theories.1.What Is Life?: with "Mind and Matter" and "Autobiographical Sketches"2.Quantum Physics: Illusion or Reality? (Canto)3.The Emperor's New Mind: Concerning Computers, Minds, and the Laws of Physics (Popular Science)
In the Lake of the Woods is an amazing journey into memory ands madness - the madness of war, the madness of past sins, the madness of staying with someone you are scared of.  This book is not easy.  It takes you into various levels of uncertainty and mystery.  We all live with our pasts.  Some are more fraught with pain than others, but all shape who we are today.  The main characters of In the Lake of the Woods, John and Kathy, both have many layers of hurt and pain to deal with.  There are many options presented, but none are settled on.  There is mystery and depth here.
The Handmaid's Tale is a classic that I somehow got through school without ever reading. If you're reading this review you are probably in the same boat. Whatever hesitations you have about buying this book, toss them. Buy this book. It is a classic that belongs next to any of the greats of modern fiction. Buy this book and read it. Your life will be better for it.
This book is one of my all-time favorites. Actually I had seen the movie before I read the book and I must tell you that the book is much better than the movie (as it usually is).The story is about Tom Sanders, the would-be vice president of the computer company DigiCom. The company is about to merge with another company. A Monday Sanders finds out he won't be vice-president, instead of that her ex-girlfriend, Meredith Johnson comes in as the new vice-president.The story is great because of the role reversal. You can hear that male harass their female subordinates but what's rarely heard that a female leader harasses her male subordinate. Maybe you wouldn't believe it if you'd hear it. The story is great because you never know whom you can trust and what is the role of the people in the company. It seems that what's obvious for everyone isn't obvious for Sanders and that there's something that nobody knows about. Crichton manages to create a frightening atmosphere where you'll never know what happens next.I liked all the characters and I liked Meredith as well. All in all this is a great book and a pageturner you can't put down. I think this is the best book of Michael Crichton.
While it may or may not be a fast track, there is no question that in the modern world innovation is necessary to achieve and maintain success. In fact, as the authors point out, the benefits of innovation often take years to achieve, so the title is a bit of an exaggeration.There is also no question that the key to success via innovation can be summed up in a single word, "courage." Management must have the courage to encourage, stress and drive movements to innovate, providing support verbally and with the commitment of resources. However, the most important manifestation of the required courage is when an innovation fails to return the anticipated value. The real test of the commitment to innovation takes place when there is a failure; it is then where you learn if the courage is genuine.In the event of a failure, the only remaining possible gain is to learn from it, understanding that it is quite possible that no real internal mistakes were made; hence any attempt to assign blame is counter- productive.  When a new project takes an extensive amount of time to develop, external conditions can dramatically change, destroying any real chance for success. This is another example of courage, the ability to recognize that a project can no longer succeed and having the courage to kill it, even though there is the powerful inclination to avoid admitting failure.The reality is that there is no fast track to success, creating and maintaining an environment where people are free to innovate is complex and only done over time. There must be the instillation of courage, with the development of the universal understanding that honest failure will be tolerated and understood. These are cultural characteristics that evolve rather than dramatically emerge. While this is a legitimate criticism of the book, it is the only major one, for every other point is one that will aid the modern manager in their struggle against the global currents aligned against them.
steinbeck's wonderful novel following the hardships faced by the joad family during the 1930's. the story juxtaposes the personal story of the joads to the generic experience of others in the same circumstances. in doing so we get a much broader picture. we see how the migrants are taken advantage of by many. we also, however, see great acts of kindness between the have nots and between the haves and have nots. the conclusion is that the strongest unit of all is the american family. the greater family of others in need, also works hard together to share with each other what little they have.the joad's are forced to leave oklahoma during the dust bowl of the 1930's when the bank takes their land. they are lured to the lush land of california by the promise of jobs and prosperity. when they get there they find discrimination and abuse. the story ends ironically with nature again providing the further blow of floods from too much rain.during the travels we meet mrs joad, the matron of the family and the glue that holds it all together. the story shows how her strength keeps the family together and moving forward. the women in the story are the true heroes. the co-operation of the migrant workers to help each other provides the reader with the faith that mankind can prevail under almost any circumstances.although thought by many to be a cry for socialism by steinbeck, i see the story as an affirmation of what makes america great. yes, the migrants were abused and the thirties were a time that demanded the unionization of workers for protection. however, it also shows the determination of the american family to work hard to succeed; take risks for opportunity; and never give up. just look at california today to see what happened to all these migrants.an excellent historical piece of a very troubled time in america. one of steinbeck's best.
Very encouraging and uplifting book. Helps you believe in yourself and see that even imperfect people ,making big mistakes, can overcome and succeed greatly! David W.
This is a very well written book, with a fascinating premise. It is both compelling and moving.
Man...this book was...wow...not at all what I expected. I picked it up for a few cents at a used book store, intrigued by the description of it as "the wild young years of the lost generation in paris". Frankly I was thinking that it was probably going to be something akin to The Sun Also Rises, one of my favorite novels. But wow was I mistaken. Instead it is a memoir of 5 years of Hemingway's life in paris. These are the pre-Sun Also Rises and international fame years. He's a starving artist, living with his wife, Hadley, in the romantic, bohemian Left Bank of Paris. We are treated, and treated is the only word I can use, to many anecdotes of his life writing and socializing with his fellow expatriates. Hemingway gives us amazing portraits of Gertrude Stein, Ezra Pound, James Joyce, Ford Madox Ford (one of the most hilarious characters in his real life story), and, above all in my opinion, Scott and Zelda Fitzgerald. Any literature buff will be in ectasy unimaginable by anyone else. There's an ancedote towards the end of the memoir where Scott Fitzgerald tells Hemingway that Zelda was complaing about his..er..'size'. To convince him that Zelda is just being difficult, Hemingway takes Fitzgerald to the Louvre to see the nudes. You just don't get that anywhere else....
This book was definitely different. Lots of canival characters. Still consistent with the other books. Lots of action. Very entertaining. Highly recommended.
Purchased this book to complete a set in our library. I was very happy with the condition and cost of the book as well as the timely delivery.
Everyone should study this before exam.  I aced it, 41 years since I got my B.A.!  It is the best study guide available.
I read this awhile ago, but it sticks in my head.  I must agree with some other reviews that the chapters explaining what is going on around the family can drag slightly.  However, they become less and less and story is amazing.  What these people went through and how they thought still amaze me.  Great stuff.  You will definately enjoy this classic and learn alot along the way.
How can you get more traffic to your website or blog? And how can you make sure the content you write is relevant to the people who visit? In Audience, Relevance, and Search: Targeting Web Audiences with Relevant Content, the authors show you how to ensure your site is giving your visitors what they want.The authors give an excellent overview of how writing for the web is different than writing for print. The main point they make is that to be successful on the web, you need to write for search engines, especially Google. You need to use the right keywords to help the right people find your site. And you need to focus on linking strategies that ensure your audience can find you from other places, and that sites like Google consider your site important.I have attended search engine optimization educational sessions run by the authors, so when I started my blog, I actually tried to implement some of their ideas. Through the book, I learned a great deal more about how to analyze keywords that my audience uses and where to include them within my pages. I also learned about how Google's PageRank works. And I got a lot out of the chapter on Capturing Social Media Opportunities, which includes a section on specific ways to optimize your blog for search.Overall, I would recommend this book to anyone who is responsible for web writing. Most of the examples are from IBM, and it's more focused on websites rather than blogs. But I also found a lot that I can apply to my blog. So if you're looking for ways to improve your blog visitors' experience and increase your ranking on Google, check it out! And if your other job involves writing for a website, as mine does, I'm sure you'll find a great deal of valuable information as well.
. . .which is equally useful for the Protestant or Catholic academic.If you desire an academic commentary which covers the entire corpus of Scripture in a single volume, this is the book for you.  Named after the premier Scripture scholar of the Patristic period, it is an update of the Jerome Biblical Commentary of more than a quarter century ago.Not only is every book of the Bible discussed in detail, there are numerous scholarly articles dealing with history, critical methods, contemporary issues and the like.  It's perspective is honestly centrist; catering to neither the fundamentalist, nor to the deconstructionist.  Controversial issues are handled in an appropriate manner, giving numerous bibliographic citations representing a wide range of learned opinions.Although Catholic in orientation, the book is equally valuable to believers from other faith traditions, and indeed, to non-believers as well.  Its editors, especially the late Raymond Brown and Joseph Fitzmyer represent the very best of Catholic critical scholarship.This book is probably not the best choice for the average layman; it presupposes a certain familiarity with theological academics.  However, it is indispensible for the seminarian, the graduate student, the clergy, and the academic.(For an &quot;informed layman's&quot; version, please see my review of the excellent &quot;New Jerome Biblical HANDBOOK&quot;).I heartily endorse this book.
"The Fixer" takes its place with other major anti-totalitarian novels of the 20th century. It might be strange for anyone today who's under 30 years old to think that Western society was obsessed with totalitarian regimes just two decades ago and that defeating totalitarians seemed impossible. But it happened, and even the Middle East is experiencing bursts of freedom now. So a book like this feels very dated, even though it was the reality of half of humanity not very long ago."The Fixer" covers issues that Kafka, Orwell, and numerous Soviet writers covered, but gives it an interesting twist by setting it a few years prior to a socialist takeover in Russia. Also, it taps into the deep and unending history of anti-Semitism to show how the thinking of the masses can be manipulated by the elites, which even then warps the thinking of the elites. It's a deeply sad story, even as the main character gains moral strength and bravery through his unfair imprisonment and physical and psychological torture.The basic plot: A Russian Jewish peasant leaves his shtetl after his wife has abandoned him, and he moves to Kiev. There he does a favor for a wealthy man and impresses the man and his daughter. The peasant is given a job overseeing the wealthy man's brick factory and does a good job. Meanwhile, he has hidden the fact that he's a Jew. But that fact is exposed when a murdered boy is discovered near the factory, and a scapegoat is sought. The peasant is wrongly accused of the murder and spends the next three years in unspeakable jail conditions, pressured constantly by Russian authorities to confess to the crime that everyone knows he didn't commit. In the background, the Tsar's regime is on its last gasp, and it's using anti-Semitism as one stitch to keep the fabric from tearing. The book ends with the peasant going to trial, where the deck is completely stacked against him, but which he has learned has become a national cause that is exposing the lies of the regime.The ending of the book is confusing and, perhaps, unsatisfying. We don't know what happens to Yakov Bok as he's moved by carriage to his trial. Is a revolution starting? Is he being freed or at least supported by a mob? Is he being attacked? Is he dreaming the whole thing, or has he lost his mind (which would be understandable under the circumstances of his 3-year confinement)?  However, Bok's fate seems to be preordained, even from his orphaned childhood as his mother died in childbirth and his father was murdered in a pogrom.  Yet, the accusations against him are so unjust that it's possible to think that society regretted its decision and decided to recognize his dignity.Regardless of the ending, the pace of the book and the imagery in it are well worth the read. It goes quickly, and though it raises deep issues at times, it's not heavy reading. There's some philosophy and some religious discussion, but it's very easy to follow --- really about a man who doubts that God exists and the many people who try to push him to believe in their version of God. But those people use their God to justify their worldly actions, either in submission (Jews) or brutality (Christians).  Bok sees through those deceptions, and he comes to his own state of grace through his suffering. And that's quite an achievement.
Grisham is entertaining, and so is the book.  When you have a layover or a long car trip where you are not driving, pick up this book to read.  While this book is not going to set the world on fire, or make you live in a van down by the river, it is good.The main character is a highly paid lawyer who finds his &quot;soul&quot; and starts practicing public policy / advocacy law.  He then gets involved in some crazy plot twists, loses his wife, loses his career, and then becomes a thief.Through all of this he ends up doing good in the end and helping the homeless and taking down the corporate interests who oppose him.  A good spin for Grisham off of his other books, and much better than, the Painted House.Joseph Dworak
Rei and Hugh are finally engaged, and Rei should be frantically preparing for her upcoming wedding. Except that a strange kind of malaise seems to have infected her: she's beginning to dislike living in Washington D.C. and she's really missing living in Japan. So that when (through her well connected cousin, Kendall) Rei is presented with the opportunity of decorating a new and trendy Japanese restaurant, Bento, Rei fairly leaps at the chance to earn some money. Plus she may actually latch onto a new market for her antique goods!Working at Bento, Rei becomes acquainted with the restaurant's prickly hostess, Andrea -- a seemingly cold and standoffish individual, and not someone that Rei would want as a friend. So that when Andrea asks Rei to help her discover what happened to her mother, Rei is floored. But Andrea's story of how her Japanese mother, Sadako, broke with tradition in order to marry Andrea's father (an African American soldier) in the midst of the Vietnam war, of Sadako's subsequent disappearance almost 30 years ago, and her father's reluctance to divulge anything to Andrea that could help her understand Sadako's disappearance, moves and intrigues Rei; and she soon finds herself totally absorbed with Andrea's problem to the extent that she's even involved her wise and beloved visiting Aunt Norie in her investigation. The more Rei uncovers about Sadako and her early difficulties in trying to adapt to her life in America and as a new wife, the more Rei begins to question her the wisdom of getting married so soon. Defnitely, her love for Hugh is true and all consuming (as is his love for her) but is it enough? Can Rei give up her independence and become the perfect wife? And can she make do with life in America when she still wistfully yearns to return to Japan?Like the previous reviewers, I'm a fan of Sujata Massey's Rei Shimura mystery novels. What I liked about them, other than that they're well written, totally absorbing and wholly addicting, is the manner in which the authour also makes the dilemmas that a young, not so well off, modern and independent woman would feel and go through as she tries to adjust to the many vagaries that life throws at her, an integral part of the series. The mystery of what happened to Andrea's mother (Is she alive or dead? Why did she disappear and is there some dark reason for her disappearance?) doesn't really get introduced until we're about 4 or 5 chapters into "The Pearl Diver;" however, because we are treated to an update on what's going on with Rei and Hugh, and a good and succinct description of the what's going on at the restaurant and the characters involved, the reader's interest is quickly snagged and engaged from the very first page. The mystery subplot dealing with the missing Sadako was a very intriguing and interesting one, and I rather wished that "The Pearl Diver" had dwelt solely on that mystery subplot instead of sharing it with the mysterious kidnapping subplot involving Rei's cousin, Kendall. On the whole, though, "The Pearl Diver" was a wonderful read, and one that I enjoyed completely, esp since the authour had thoughtfully included Rei's Japanese aunt, Norie (one of my favourite characters) in this installment.
This is the incredible story of a woman who travels back in time and is forced to marry a man for her own protection. Sounds pretty straightforward and kind of like a silly romance novel right? WRONG.Claire's journey through the stones and her friendship and then marriage with Jamie is one of the most affecting stories I've ever read. I started reading Outlander on Dec 30, 2004. Thirty days and 4976 pages later I was done with the fifth book of this series, The Fiery Cross, and I wanted to cry because there was nothing left to read. I don't know what I will do with myself waiting for the sixth book and I truly sympathize with the readers who had to wait years between books.Outlander introduces us to Jamie and Claire while they are still learning about the love that will bind them forever - even when they might be seperated by time itself. While I would not consider this book to be a romance novel it IS an extraordinary love story that segues into the excellent historical fiction and adventure to follow.
I bought this for my Kindle for something spare to read and because I have a cat. t's a youth book but I found it  enjoyable. It takes place during a slower and simpler time in NYC. It's told through the eyes of a 14 yr old boy. Nothing heavy duty just the day to day life of this boy, his family, his friends, and his cat. A calm and easy place for my mind. Brought me back to uncomplicated times when I was a kid.
Maybe. Maybe not. As other reviewers have pointed out, much of the information in this book is common sense. However, one of the lessons I have learned in life is that common sense is not common practice. People may say that they know something, but they do not really KNOW it and put it into practice.I like the simplicity of "The Life Guide." The "things you need to know" are presented in a series of lists and easy to absorb snippets.This is a book you can pick up at any time, read a few pages, and walk away with a little piece of wisdom that can make your life a little better.So, will it change your life? That depends on you. Will you dismiss good, common sense advice, or will you use it?
This book is the best general Cisco tutorial I even know. If you want to find the only book covering as much Cisco routers and switches as possible - that's it! This books is focused on how to use Cisco equipment. It  studies you how to install, configure and do troubleshooting and it gives  you some overview of background technologies. The good things are:- It  covers almost all major areas. - The language is very nice! I enjoyed to  read it. - It has very few mistakes. - It's not just a cram to pass exam  and forget everything. It was written for real life and it'd be very useful  if you even don't want to get certified and just looking for a good Cisco  book.Some people think it's to complex to start with, but I think you  can read it any time. Even my wife, who knows nothing about nets, told me  that she found some interesting things there when she occasionally read a  couple pages :) Yes, this books includes many very advanced topics but it's  written very well, from easiest things to advanced, and you 'll find it  usefull anyway. It's a feature of real classics - you enjoy it even if you  don't understand all details :)The main bad thing is that it's obviously  not enough to pass CCIE. I read it after passing CCIE written and many  questions from real exams are not included in this book. But it doesn't  mean you don't need this book for the test preparation. All my friends CCIE  used it for preparation and everybody told me that it's the best resource.  But CCIE is kind of exam which obviously requires more then just read one  book. Instead of looking for the easiest way just try to study hard, read  as much as possible and you'll get it! Good luck!
This book was richly plotted with a nice cast of characters.  The main character was exceptionally interesting.  The pace of the story, however, was exceedingly slow.  The middle could definitely have used some heavy editing.  I also disliked the way point of view changed rapidly. At first, the rapid point of view change gave the author a clever way of making a joke within the scene.  But the tenth time she did it, it just became cumbersome.Despite these two criticisms, I enjoyed the book and would read additional books in the series.
A classic for a reason, engrossing, profoundly human, could not put the book down. Very highly recommended, I also really benefited from learning about the history through this book.
After the death of his wife, Matthiesen joins a friend (George Schaller) on a fall expedition to Nepal to study the rut of a rare sheep/goat (the classification of the species is one of the subjects of the research).  Matthiesen has been studying Zen Buddhism for several years, and is interested in the area both for its wildlife and for its Buddhism.  This book consists of (heavily edited and revised) journal entries that tell the story of his journey.  He gives us both a travel story and meditations on Buddhism.  The interplay between the two work very well.Several of Matthiesen's own Quests are revealed as the book goes on, and many end up having Zen lessons.  Many of these have the kind of resolution that you might expect if the book were fictional, in that some are Too Perfect for a Zen novice.  Yet they are entirely believable, and I suspect that the degree of poetic license here is not too great.If those two paragraphs have convinced you to read the book, stop right here.  If not, I'll summarize some of the Zen lessons - - but be advised that several spoilers follow.Matthiesen wants to see a snow leopard but never does.  However, when he splits up from his partner, his partner sees the leopard.Matthiesen wants to visit a particular "monastery" to visit a particular lama.  He ultimately visits the monastery and later learns than he has already met the lama.He wants to learn Buddhism from the Buddhists who serve as the expedition porters, but not too surprisingly they aren't very Buddhist at all.  Also not too surprisingly, he learns the most from the least likely candidate, who is not trying to teach him anything at all.  (I actually think that Matthiessen is wrong about this porter, but the literary point is what Matthiesen thinks he learned from him.)And again, not surprisingly, in the end Matthiesen does find what he is not looking for.If you're part of a reading group, you might try this one alongside Catherine Reid's "Coyote: Seeking the Hunter in Our Midst."  Both books interweave a story about the natural world with an intensely personal journey.  As I discussed in my review of "Coyote," I think Reid fails, while Matthiesen succeeds.  In part, this reflects the fact that Matthiesen has a strong spiritual core, though a seemingly weak, Zen core.  He has no chip on his shoulder.  Matthiesen is also traveling more interesting terrain than Reid (Nepal versus western Massachusetts).  His recurring stories of goals not reached are also more interesting than Reid's more linear narrative.Despite its strengths, Matthiessen can be an exasperating companion at time.  He has Great White Hunter attitudes toward the porters.  He has abandoned his son shortly after his wife's death, and does not keep promises to his son about his return.  He can be self-indulgent, as is true of many people on a spiritual quest.  He's not as self-critical as he might be, but honest enough to give us the rope with which to hang him if we want to do so.Finally, if you're interested in the Himalayan region, this is one of the best travel narratives that I've read.  It has richer characterization and a stronger sense of setting than the more spartan account in, say, "Seven Years in Tibet."  It's a page turner and worth reading more than once.
Love these books! They are great to read together as a family! Fun for the whole family to listen to.
A lot of it is common sense, but you won't notice it until you read about it.
I have tried some Servlets/JSP programs, this book gives me a lot of guidelines and tricks. Also, the book is easy for reader to locate the topic, the section explanation is brief and precise. Get it with you ASAP!!
Good Italian workbooks are pretty difficult to come by.  Unlike Spanish and French, there are very few grammar workbooks available which cater to the high school/university student who is studying Italian for written/spoken competency (as opposed to travel).This text is a great compilation of grammar exercises with an answer key.  It would be a great supplement to a course workbook or for a self-study student. Difficulty ranges from intermediate to advanced. It might be be better suited for a student who has already completed Italian 101 or Level 1. Highly recommended!
an enjoyable read, you won't go wrong with this, very enjoyable, a bit differenet to his previous books but good all the same
"The Curious Incdient of the Dog in the Night-Time" tells the story of a 15-year old autistic boy named Christopher.  Mark Haddon reflects on the confusions of adolescence and family betrayal alongside the everyday order of things from the autistic mind of the protagonist.  The author has done a remarkable job in getting the readers into the detail-oriented, order-seeking, extremely logical and mathematical mind of Christopher.After having read some of the unfavorable reviews of this book, I can see that some readers found the detailed descriptions and elaborations on matters that would not interest non-autistic  minds frustrating and over-whelming.  However, it should be noted that this is actually what the author wants to achieve in this book.  It is a sign of the author's success in creating such a real, strong character.  Therefore, this feature of the book should be praised not criticized.I believe "The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time" not only sheds light onto autism and how an autistic mind works, but it also illumates readers on the social dynamics around individuals who share the same grounds with children with special needs.  The book helps the parents of such children in understanding their children's needs and the view from which they interpret the world. Furthermore, it positively reinforces compassion and empathy towards people with special needs.Overall, Christopher's story is a touching story.  It is an enjoyable read, with illumating effects on the lives of Autistic children.
.I've always liked Schaum's books for learning languages. I bought the vocabulary book too. It's a great supplement to audio and DVD programs.
I've read Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress twice now.  I loved it both times.  There are many amusing anecdotes in it as well as some rather gruesome ones, too.  It also gives the flavor of what &#34;re-education&#34; means.  The two young men in the story are very likable and they think of some very creative ways to get around their problems.  The description of life in the back mountains of China pretty much puts you there with sights, sounds and smells.  A question remains about the symbolic meaning of the vulture--was it danger? freedom?  I'm not sure.
The global economic and financial crisis that started in 2008 is the worst such crisis in almost eighty years, and its end is nowhere in sight. It has affected everyone, and its repercussions are still being debated and studied. In recent couple of years the particularly troubling aspect of that crisis - the crisis in the finances of the Eurozone - has been grabbing the headlines and creating a lot of uncertainty in markets and economies around the world. It is hard to keep track of all that is happening in European financial world, and even harder to detangle the complex set of circumstances and events that lead to the situation that we are in right now. That's where "Europe's Financial Crisis" comes in handy - it is a relatively short yet well researched book that provides a coherent and sensible explanation of the crisis in Europe thus far.This book is organized in chapters that are mostly an expended version of articles that the author had written. They nonetheless form a cohesive whole and a coherent story. Each chapter is followed with the links to the further resources. The writing is eminently clear and accessible, and I found myself eager to pick this book up and hard for me to put it down. Many of the main problems that I've been reading about for months have started to make much more sense - in particular why Euro has been such a controversial currency all along, and why it's so hard for the governments of various European countries to agree on how the best to prop up the weaker Euro area economies. After reading this book I am much more convinced that Euro, despite its many flaws, will most probably survive. Its survival seems to be the least undesirable outcome out of many unpalatable options for everyone concerned.Even thought his book primarily deals with the crisis in Europe, the nature of modern Finance is such that no region can be viewed in isolation. The book provides a brief overview of the financial troubles in the US, not least because this is where the current economic woes have had its origin. The book also elucidates some really interesting insights about the US financial markets. These have had a remarkable string of successes in recent months, but as this book clearly shows the major US financial indexes have hardly moved from their 2009 lows when compared to the price of gold or some other much less inflated measures. This is a very troubling insight, and it shows that this crisis is far from over even in the US.If you are looking for a very informative look at the main issues with the current European economic and financial woes, then this short book is an excellent resource. No single book will probably ever be capable of answering all the most pressing questions, but this one at least gives some understanding of all the main issues that are at stake.
This is a good book to start with.  It covers a lot of different indcitors.  If you don't know much about Technical analyis then this book will be a big help to you.  It goes through and explanes what each indicator does and gives a little history about the indicator. Buy this book, you won't be sorry.Big truck
Used to read this to my son, 20 years ago, on days when he would say &#34;I don't care&#34; to any suggestion or idea.....It helped him expand his verbalization of feelings
This is a highly accomplished book by Murakami, a kind of grown up version of Wild Sheep Chase. The off the wall humour has gone but in its place we have some fine character development and an excellent edge on contemporary sex and politics. Its still vintage Murakami though with larger than life villains, girls with sexy ears, some nice culinary touches and the inevitable view of the shopwindows in downtown Tokyo. Woven into the story is a revealing cameo of the Japanese occupation of Manchukuo and the aftermath of the defeat.Jay Rubin's translation is pretty good although one or two bizarre grammar errors seem to have escaped someone's eye and I noted too some problems with the adjective derived from the word Malta. However, for all that, it is quite a tour de force almost ranking with Hard Boiled Wonderland.
I am normally not the type of person who would read a quasi-romance novel.  And while I find the concept of time travel interesting, I find books on this subject dull or unbelievable.  I don't know how I got talked into reading this book, but I couldn't put it down.  Ms. Niffenegger is an excellent writer, and the way she wrote this book was unbelievably creative.  Not only does one read about someone who traveled in time, one travels with him.  Ms. Niffenegger does an excellent job describing how his wife feels (anxiety, fear, amusement, jealousy, anger, dread, frustration, etc.).  What amazed me most is the attention to detail.  This story takes place in Chicago, where I live, and real locations are used accurately.  This is a wonderfully creative book; one of the best books I read this year.  I highly recommend it.
The official Mathematica documentation is prolific beyond belief, so I appreciated finding this book which takes you on a whirlwind tour of the program. Simple aspects are covered pretty well. As more esoteric fields are entered, the breadth of coverage starts to shrink, where a tiny little chapter scratches the surface of some vast subject. But I don't see that as a major fault. It will get you started and then give you an overview of what else can be done.A few problems: Kindle formatting can be hard to read, common with highly technical notation (I'm referring to layout on the page and line breaks); there are no page numbers on pages, or the table of contents, or most distressingly in the index itself. In fact the index just lists words with no hyperlinked reference OR page number, so why is it there at all?? Still you can search instead.
This book came well within the time frame specified, in plenty of time for me to wrap and send out as a requested Christmas gift.  It was in good shape and didn't smell, as some books have that I have purchased from others.  The packaging was appropriate for the product and it arrived non damaged.  Thanks for a great purchase!
The Connected Child is aimed at adoptive and foster parents, but it is a book full of great information and ideas for ALL parents. Written in very easy to understand language. It does contain some medical details (neurotransmitters, etc) but it does so in a way that is easily understood, and only as necessary to the content. All parents and children would benefit from parents and potential-parents reading and applying this book. I know my bio and adopted children will be better cared for as a result of my reading this book. Thanks Dr. Purvis and staff!
Take the journey. This book is absolutely fascinating and I am by no means math savy. I understand little regarding math. This book is very inspiring for the layman. It cuts through the crap the average math teacher cannot.Required reading for anyone attempting to enter the field of math tutoring/teaching. If you have had trouble with math in your life, you will be awakened as to just how your teachers let you down with respect to this incredible subject.All my respect to this manuscript and its author Mr. Dunham. Please do yourself a favor, if you are even the least bit interested in this subject, read these reviews...what a great book, period.
The story takes place on one single day in 1951 in a Russian prison camp (gulag) in wintry Siberia. Our protagonist is Ivan and his only thoughts every day are food, shelter, staying warm and not being noticed by the brutal guards, and surviving for another day. Ivan functioned in temperatures below zero, bended the rules whenever possible and worked at avoiding punishment, or coming down with a disease and dying with no medical treatment. Of course, the author brought to the attention of the world how the tyrant Stalin treated his people, to anyone that disagreed with him or seemed a threat.  Was it no wonder that not one German prisoner from WWII ever returned home to Germany. The story is somewhat dated but still very important in an historical perspective and also a reminder that the modern world should never again expose people to these type of conditions. Nice easy reading after being translated by Max Hayward and Ronald HIngley.
A very pleasurable read. There really isn't anything in here that you couldn't get in other how-to-be-successful, self-help books. By writing chapters on things that, if done, will guarantee that the reader is unsuccessful, this book drives home in a humorous way what the alternative to success is: failure. The greatest thing about this book truly is the humorous presentation. A book with the greatest and most innovative content, left unread benefits nobody, but a book with nothing but time-tested basics that is easy and fun will actually be read.
I first read this book more than ten years ago and I identify it as one of the biggest educational impacts of my entire life. I was about 18 at the time - brilliant, cocky, a member of Mensa and certain there wasn't anything a 'critical thinking' course could teach -me-. *laugh* I took it because I thought it would be an effortless A. An earlier edition of this book was the text, and as other reviewers have pointed out, it teaches you to identify fallacies in rhetoric. If I were ruler of the world, I too would insist every citizen read both this book and "How to Lie With Statistics."I didn't know how much I didn't know until after we'd studied this book. It's the only college text I kept and reread occasionally.
I read the Drums Of Autumn and decided to start at the beginning with The Outlander.  I'm not a big fan of romance novels, but this book is much more than just romance.  Ms. Gabaldon is a very talented story teller.  Reading her books, I feel like I've been dropped into another world.  There is much of interest in this novel.  The way of life in Scotland in the 1700's, and especially, the medical practices and use of healing herbs.  Bits and pieces of actual history lend a realistic touch.  A very long book, but difficult to put down.
I recently downloaded a Fresh Air interview with author Daniel Handler (a.k.a. Lemony Snicket) from several years ago.  In it, I learned that prior to writing "A Series of Unfortunate Events", Mr. Handler did not read a single solitary children's book.  He didn't immerse himself in the dry narration of E. Nesbit or take in the mock-gothic nature of Joan Aiken or even submerge himself in the wry humor of Roald Dahl.  Mr. Handler did none of this and yet he still managed to write what can best be described as the most original children's series of the new century.  Some books in this series work better than others ("The Ersatz Elevator", for example is better by far than the slightly more forgettable, "Slippery Slope") but not a single one could be described as weak or poorly written.  In this, the penultimate book in the series, we learn a heckuva lot more about VFD, the schism, the orphans' former guardians, and the nature of nobility and villainy.  There isn't as much action in, "The Penultimate Peril".  You won't find insidious henchmen trying to saw children in half or swordfights or kids rappelling down elevator shafts.  What you will find is a whole book that lauds the beauty of libraries, a harpooning, letters written backwards, an enormous fire, bad Indian food, and what can best be called the final cliffhanger.When we last saw our heroes, the Baudelaire orphans had climbed into a taxi with a woman they knew only to be Kit Snicket.  Hoping that now, at last, they could get an answer all their questions, the Baudelaires are disappointed to find that Kit is just as mysterious and impossible to pin-down as every other adult they've met.  She takes them to the Hotel Denouement where they are immediately set up as concierges.  Their job?  Well, a big meeting is going to take place on Thursday and both villains and volunteers are gathering at Denouement.  The Baudelaires are charged to find out what they can about a guest known only as J.S.  Along the way they must befriend the manager Frank, avoid his evil twin Ernest, and attend to the guests' needs.  As the three do so they find that every incompetent and ill-equipped guardian they ever had is present (as well as the far rarer noble ones).  Everything is steaming to a head and the Baudelaires must figure out the secrets behind the hotel, avoid villainy themselves, and create an adequate signal to other members of VFD to indicate whether or not it is safe for the meeting to take place in what is known as the "last safe place".What we have here is a book that makes it bloody clear to children everywhere that in this world there is no ultimately "safe place".  The choices we make in our lives can never be followed to their ultimate conclusions because it's impossible to predict the minutia of chance.  The best we can hope for is to follow Kit Snicket's advice and "observe everyone you see, and make such judgements yourselves".  The Baudelaires do a couple things in this book that seem sketchy or confusing to them.  By the end they know they've tried to do their best but villainy has seemingly still won out (though certainly not completely).  And to top it all off that most notorious of villains, Count Olaf, has shown a brief (very brief) moment of near-humanity.  Because of this, I've little fear that the Baudelaires will escape the book's final predicament with their souls as well as their bodies intact.  If someone doesn't write a book about the morality of "A Series of Unfortunate Events" shortly after the publication of the 13th book, I can tell you right here and now that heads are gonna roll!As a librarian, I was much taken with the fact that the Hotel Denouement is organized like a library.  Guests are organized into rooms according to the Dewey Decimal System.  This isn't necessarily a new idea.  The Library Hotel at 299 Madison Avenue in New York City already did it years ago.  And while guests are not placed into rooms according to their occupations, each room is a different Dewey Decimal Number.  Still, "The Penultimate Peril" does have a heroic librarian in its midst and (though I had not realized this before) in almost every book in the series the Baudelaires use a library to help them out of their predicaments.  So from the librarians of the world, Mr. Handler, I salute you.  Quietly.When, "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz" was written, it could be read as a parable of Gilded Age populism (the Scarecrow = the wise, but naive western farmers, the Tin Woodman = the dehumanized, Eastern factory workers, etc.).  So couldn't "A Series of Unfortunate Events" be read as a parable for our own contemporary politics?  Think about it.  The "good" adults in this book constantly disappoint the people who trust them because they aren't unified, allowing the villains to constantly seize control simply because bad guys are much stronger in the courage-of-their-convictions department.  Note the jab at Scalia on page 268 and you've a fairly convincing interpretation of modern politics.  Just a thought.Faithful readers of Snicket know that on the last page of every book there's a note to Snicket's editor that offers some kind of clue as to the next book.  Unlike every other clue offered before, this one is clear, sweet, and succinct.  Readers will pore over it in vain for clues.  Until the final chapter in this series we'll just have to wait and hope for the best.  And that's a dangerous to thing to hope for where "A Series of Unfortunate Events" is concerned.
This book gave me insight to the workings of the mind of a child with ADHD . Sometimes I wanted to cry but I strongly recommend this story.
This novel has one of the most melancholy endings I have ever come across.  After having grown to like this band of misfits and petty criminals, the last few pages are almost too much to bear.  But that's how it goes.  Highly recommended.
Now most investors and money managers buy stocks with the hope of short-term appreciation. Few buy them with the intentions of receiving dividends. However, when an investor purchases a company's stock, he or she becomes a partial owner in the business. As a benefit of being an owner, an investor receives a part of the company's earnings in dividends.This book teaches readers about dividends, their importance, what to look for in a dividend-paying stock, how dividends pay for the stock, and much more. The last chapter lists selected stocks with good dividend records. This book is an excellent introduction to dividend investing.- Mariusz Skonieczny, author of Why Are We So Clueless about the Stock Market? Learn how to invest your money, how to pick stocks, and how to make money in the stock market
This is the best workout plan that I know of for enabling you to generate maximum intensity, and thus for enabling you to build maximum muscle in minimum time. This workout plan is much more effecive and more complete than Little's earlier book "Static Contraction Training" that he co-authored with Peter Sisco.For starters, Little gives the most useful, complete and accurate definition for intensity (as it relates to strength training ) that I've found in any book. This is extemely important, because without the right definition for intensity (i.e one that works in both theory and practice), you won't know which strategies work most effectively to maximize the intensity of any exercise that you do. And if don't generate maximum intensity due to that limitation, you simply won't build maximum muscle in minimum time.  So the right definition for intensity (i.e. one that works in both theory and can be applied practically) has always been the missing piece of the puzzle when it comes to devising the ideal workout plan, which explains why the ideal workout plan has eluded even the experts in this field for so many years.With that said, Little doesn't always consistently apply his definition for intensity to every exercise in the book, which surprised me. And that is one of the major problems with this workout plan. That of course is a problem that the reader can take care of on his or her own, but it might confuse some people.Also, as good as this plan is, it's still incomplete, because it leaves out a number of important motions (and therefore exercises) that should be done if you really want to fully develop every skeletal muscle that you possibly can throughout your entire body. Fortunately, I developed my own workout plan that remedies these problems, and it basically begins where Max Contraction Training leaves off. My book hasn't been published yet, so the closest you're going to get to it is this book by John Little.Now there are die-hard aficionados of conventional training methods who will deride Little's workout plan and book, because they still wrongly believe that you need to do repeated body motions to build muscle. But repeated body motions are not a requisite for muscle growth stimulation; muscular contraction is! And the one and only underlying factor behind the effectiveness of all strength-training plans that lead to greater muscle growth is muscular contraction, especially muscular contraction against a net external force. Isometrics are evidence of that.Finally, I disagree with Little's approach to nutrition. Obviously he adheres to the old school of nutrition, which teaches that you can get everything you need from a diet based upon the 4 basic food groups. But that approach is so outdated, and the study of human nutrition has come a long way since then. For example, simply eating fruits and vegetables every day does not guarantee that you'll get all the Vitamin C you need for optimum health, because not all fruits and vegetables are high in Vitamin C. And if you cook them (such as a white potato), that destroys the Vitamin C. But Little's nutritional advice is not the reason to buy this book; the workout plan is!
It sucked me in and I loved every minute.  It's tough to find good books like this one - enjoy!
Listen 'n' Spanish with your Favorite Movies is an exciting way to increase your Spanish. It's great fun and with your rewind button very useful in learning new constructions and phrases. Even without alot of prior knowledge this is a very useful way to increase your Spanish language knowledge. It would be nice if they would have added a few more adult movies as rewatching children's films was somewhat boring.Their philosophy behind their movie choice had to do with simple language construction that is more common in children's movies. This was helpful for beginners but it did end up focusing more on the tuteyo form than many travelers or early learners (unless they are children) will use. Still, overall I found this to be an exciting and entertaining method of language acquistion and hope they do another one with more adult films.
The Harvard Guide to Healing Your Sinuses is a valuable resource, which is written in easy-to-understand language that details various sinus conditions, including ones that might seem like sinusitis but are not, and numerous strategies for treating them.  In addition, discussions of treatments include helpful thoughts on various methods of sinus surgery, how to prepare for surgery if needed, and what to expect.I appreciate how, on pages 162-163, Dr. Metson and Mr. Mardon cite empty nose syndrome (ENS) as a "troubling phenomenon," which results from an overly aggressive surgery of the turbinates (inner nasal mucus-producing tissue that performs many critical functions).  The description of ENS is accurate, and I am grateful it is noted as a complication of surgery, as not all sinus self-help books acknowledge ENS.When discussing treatments, The Harvard Guide to Healing Your Sinuses mentions zicam, which is the oral spray form of zinc.  The authors note while zinc has been shown to reduce the duration of a cold, particularly when used at the onset of symptoms, it must be sprayed into the nose every four hours for one to two weeks to be effective.  A word of caution, though, which also should be highlighted, is that spraying high concentrations of zicam in the nose can lead to burning and destruction of olfactory epithelium, the nerve cells responsible for smell.  Consequently, some users of zicam have permanently lost their sense of smell.This book definitely has much useful information on sinusitis from a highly reputable source.  It is a great reference book for sinus sufferers.Chris Martin, author ofHaving Nasal Surgery? Don't You Become An Empty Nose Victim!
(...)A powerful book about Eliezer's and his father's life during the Holocaust. Upon his arrival at Auschwitz he gets seperated from his sister and mother at the camp and never sees them again. He and his father are forced into slave labor, and slow starvation. In one scene Eliezer describes how a fellow inmate was chosen to place his own father's body in the ovens, and in another scene Eliezer tells about the cruel death of the Jewish babies.Later on Eliezer and his father are forced to run in the freezing snow to another location, then they are placed in cattle cars and driven to another camp. At this camp Eliezer's father dies, and Eliezer describes that night and how his father's last words effected him for the rest of his life.To me the most powerful part of the book was when the Americans came to the camp, and Eliezer was free. He was taken to a hospital and in the first time in months Eliezer looks at himself in the mirror and is shocked at the stranger looking back at him.Anyway, this is a very powerful book about human suffering, and what's scary is that this could happen again.
I am an Honorably Discharged Vietnam Era Veteran and I wish I could have read this book twenty years ago when it was released. The author's mixing of words... experiences... emotions... dreams... lies... memories... and regrets... surrounding the Vietnam War... defines what has existed within me... and outside me... and in the very ether... so that I began to wonder... if it was real... or simply my soul's creation... to keep me  afloat. O'Brien was drafted in June of 1968 when he was twenty-one-years-old... I was drafted in August 1968 and was nineteen years-old. Interwoven throughout this searingly accurate portrayal of young men at war... are soldiers quirky methods of coming to grips with the second-to-second-minute-to-minute-day-to-day inner conflict to psychologically fight the human battle of not  knowing if your current breath will be  your last... and if you survive the accumulation of your allotted "tick-tick-tick-second's-and-minutes" and go home outside  of a body bag... what can you... or do you... ever share with others?Some  things can't be shared because they're deemed classified during  your debriefing. Other things you not  only can't let out... you don't  know how  to... and much more importantly... if you attempt to purge experiences that have  been locked within the vault that only you have the combination to... to the wrong  person... it's worse than to not have tried. "OFTEN IN A TRUE WAR STORY THERE IS NOT EVEN A POINT, OR ELSE THE POINT DOESN'T HIT YOU UNTIL TWENTY YEARS LATER, IN YOUR SLEEP, AND YOU WAKE UP AND SHAKE YOUR WIFE AND START TELLING THE STORY TO HER, EXCEPT WHEN YOU GET TO THE END YOU'VE FORGOTTEN THE POINT AGAIN." Or worse... she doesn't listen or interrupts you. Five years after...  I woke  up in the middle  of  the night sweating and woke  up my  wife and wanted to tell her what was buried within me... she didn't pay attention so I stopped... eleven years after... I woke up sweating in the middle of the night and woke up my second wife... and tried to tell her and she interrupted me...  twenty-three years later as a single Father I told my twelve-year-old son and he listened.This story is about life and death... "THOUGH IT'S ODD YOU'RE NEVER MORE ALIVE THAN WHEN YOU'RE ALMOST DEAD. YOU RECOGNIZE WHAT'S VALUABLE. FRESHLY, AS IF FOR THE FIRST TIME, YOU LOVE WHAT'S BEST IN YOURSELF AND IN THE WORLD, ALL THAT MIGHT BE LOST."This is not a story about post-traumatic-stress-disorder... it's more about... what... how... and when you decide to remember. "THE THING ABOUT REMEMBERING IS THAT YOU DON'T FORGET." It's about people like me who weren't old enough to drink... but were old enough to kill. "THEY WERE AFRAID OF DYING BUT THEY WERE EVEN MORE AFRAID TO SHOW IT." It's about tongue necklaces and your fellow soldiers' body parts hanging in a tree like XMAS ornaments. It's about forty-years later and the author's daughter now knows some of the stories... and my son now knows some of the stories... but "YOU CAN'T REMEMBER HOW YOU GOT FROM WHERE YOU WERE TO WHERE YOU ARE." It is  also  about a soldier who after his best friend is killed... brutally and methodically shoots a baby water buffalo in so many places with no mercy... till it crumbles to the ground in slow motion like one of the old sports stadiums  that was imploded on TV... and the fact that every single soldier then or  now... understands the sentiment at that moment...  on that day.The fact that the story starts with an endless list of items that soldiers carried such as M-16's... gas grenades... brass knuckles... .38 caliber Smith & Wesson handguns... 66 mm LAW's... a feathered hatchet... Claymore antipersonnel mines... shotguns... silencers... blackjacks... bayonets... and more... all detailed with their weight... that is not what the heart  of  this book is about.The absolute soul of this story is about *THE-UNWEIGHED-FEAR* that engulfed each man.
Having read (and reviewed) the previous edition of this book, I can say that this book (the Sixth edition) delivers on the strong points as well as its predecessor. The book is organized in such a way to mirror the exams, which means the organization has changed from the previous edition.While I admit that I have no intention of taking the exams at this moment, I still find this book to be quite useful. It has helped me file the rough points in my own abilities as a long-time Red Hat user. For example, from this particular edition I attempted to gain a better understanding of one point I found frustrating, SELinux. I found that in reading the section on SELinux I was able to better understand the context in which other SELinux documents were written, and I can now use SELinux on my system rather than disable and ignore it as I have before.For all of the other sections, this book makes for a great refresher for an experienced user, or as a way to introduce an otherwise well-rounded Linux administrator to the one service or aspect of the system where expertise is lacking.As I've read in this book and elsewhere, the RHCE is designed to test your ability to accomplish defined tasks on a working system, rather than fill in the blanks. This book would certainly prove useful in: helping an experienced administrator understand the working of Red Hat Enterprise Linux, confidently administer a system, and read documentation targed to an advanced audience with confidence.
Guy Kawasaki helps his reader to answer two separate but related questions:"Is Google+ right for me?"If so,"How can I take full advantage of what it offers?"The abundance of information, insights, and counsel that he provides is well-worth knowing even if you decide not to become involved now, unless (of course) you have no interest in either the Internet or the Web. (Not everyone does.) I have read and reviewed all of his previous books and realize that, since childhood, he has an almost insatiable curiosity about what works, what doesn't, and (especially) why. Moreover, At least since joining Apple in 1983, he has been determined to share whatever he has learned with as many people as possible. He moved on four years later, seeking new adventures in the vineyards of free enterprise and continues to be an evangelist for helping people to achieve personal growth and professional development.Plus+ offers an excellent case in point. As is his style, he immediately establishes and then sustains a direct, personal rapport with his reader. It is especially revealing that all but one of the book's 15 chapter (Chapter 1, "Why I Love Google+") titles begins with "How to," with an implicit "How Not to":o Get Startedo Master Circles and Streamso Make an Enchanting ProfileComment: ESPECIALLY important, including photoo How to Achieve Trustworthinesso Commento Share Postso Optimize for Social Searcho Share Photoso Respond to Commentso Hang Out Chato Chato Get More Followerso Be a Little Fish in a Big Pondo Deal with Bozoso Thrive in the All-Boys Clubo Avoid Cluelessnesso Get Google+ to Helpo Master Google+o Evangelize Google+Kawasaki makes skillful use of the sequence (step-by-step) format. He also includes hundreds of Google+ page exempla to illustrate as well as explain various options to consider when creating and presenting content, correlating it, and promoting it...and yourself. Many readers will take full advantage of dozens of Quick Response Code (QRC) links to additional resources on Google's website.Before concluding his book, Kawasaki observes, "The word `evangelism' comes from the Greek word that means `good news.' With this list of tips and ones that you perfect on your own, I hope that you'll go forth and spread the good news about Google+."I am now hard at work on preparations to become actively and productively involved with Google+ and take this opportunity to thank Guy Kawasaki for all that I have learned from him about what to do - and what NOT to do - as well as how to do it well. Among his other books, Reality Check remains my personal favorite and I strongly recommend that portions of that book be consulted in combination with what then becomes Google+++.
Professor Purves has indeed written a truly engaging and utterly fascinating tour of our brains. A bit of brain history, what we know now, and where current studies in neuroscience seem to be leading us.Okay, I'm am artist and not a member of the target audience for "Brains, How They Seem To Work." But, I have Multiple Sclerosis and have an ongoing education in the science of Neurology reading the most current studies and findings regarding MS, researching medications, attending MS Seminars, etc. etc. etc.Other than MS being an awfully horrid disease to have, it's quite interesting to study. As a result, I've fallen in love with the mysterious brain and actually love reading this type of book. That, and I really love reading a well written book about any of the sciences I adore learning more about.While I enjoyed the entire book, I was particularly fascinated with the chapters 7, 'The visual system: Hubel and Wiesel redux8, 'Visual perception,' and 9, 'Perceiving color.' They've given me information to ponder while working on my art.Please don't under estimate the love and understanding of Neurology by the humbled masses. There are a few closet lovers of neuroscience out there amongst those of us dusted in charcoal and smelling of patchouli with a tinge of turpentine who are former art and art history majors.I'm so happy I don't suffer from a gastro-intestinal disorder. It's just not the sort of topic I find particularly interesting. Food in. Food out. Problems? Ulcer? Polyp? Cancer? There's nothing to really ponder. It's all pretty much straight forward.Now, neurological diseases and how the brain works! There's a puzzle for you.It's amazing brains do can do so much. No batteries required!
This is a review of the audio book on cassette, not the written book.  I learned, from this, that I really like audio books and I can listen to them at work.  You can't watch tv or read a book at work.  I am more lenient with this review than I would be if I had to read the book myself.  It is a luxury to have someone read it to me.The reader is about what I'd expect.  He does a southern accent for almost all of the characters, an accent I find indistinguishable from one person to the next.  It's just Mr. Southerner.  At one point he does an English accent, or something, and after a few lines of that, I realized it wasn't Mr. Southerner.  So, in other words, you're lucky to get any accent at all.  When he speaks as a woman he just does his southern accent in a higher register.  Whatever.  If I was reading this book, I would leave the accents alone and just read in my own voice.  Better yet, I'd hire a few people to read for the different characters, and I'd hire people who normally speak that way and don't have to try putting on an accent.The story itself is a bit odd.  The main character, Ray Atlee, discovers three million dollars in his father's house, and he discovers his father dead in the house.  From then on, he doesn't do anything that I would do.  His behavior is incomprehensible to me.First of all, I would share my inheritance equally with my brother, no question.  I wouldn't keep it for myself.  That's ridiculous.  How the hell do you betray your own brother?Second, I would immediately safeguard the money, before reporting anything to anybody.  As soon as I saw all that money, I'd load it into my car and take it home, and then I'd get it safely stowed in banks.  What he does with all that cash is asinine.That being said, it is a pretty good story, and I thoroughly enjoyed it at work.  I give three stars for the story and one more star for the fact that someone read it to me.
This is a great resource book for new managers. If you are new to managing or have been managing any length of time. You need this book in your arsenal.
You have to love a book that begins with a scathing rant on the Monica Lewinsky affair and then slips smoothly into a narrative that covers the waterfront of Western culture from Greek mythology to Shakespeare to Mahler to the American transcendentalists. The story of classics scholar and dean Coleman Silk as narrated by reclusive Jewish novelist Nathan Zuckerman, The Human Stain investigates, applauds, denounces, and second-guesses individualism and self-invention as practiced within the confines of American mob morality. In Roth's America, the only thing worse than the ethical and intellectual bankruptcy of fitting in is the punishment awaiting those living outside the lines, whether by choice or trauma. Beyond the American scene, Human Stain stages a massive frontal assault on the current state of Western culture and thought carried out through memorable characters whose tragedies are so profound as to be nearly unfathomable. Animating every word is Roth's own restless, inconsolable discontent. It's not just that he's angry. Roth transforms anger into awareness, whether he's equating the rage of Achilles to that of a violently traumatized Vietnam vet or skewering academic culture (especially the French variety). Besides bearing witness to the struggles of his characters, Roth's refusal to go along with whatever comes along suggests that a negotiated but intact self can truly be wrestled from the seemingly contradictory ambitions of individual freedom and social cohesion.
This book is an absolute "must read" to begin to be able to place current events involving the Islamic world in historical and cultural context.  If you find yourself wondering what the difference between Sunni and Shi'a are, this is a great book to turn to.  Bernard Lewis and Buntzie Ellis Churchill lay out in an organized readable and engaging format the history, tradition, culture and law of Islam.  Probably the most welcome and satisfying feature of the book is the deft use of Islamic humor throughout.  One really knows that one understands a foreign language when one can understand a joke in that language.  Similarly, Lewis and Churchill put examples of Islamic humor throughout the text that serve to highlight the topic just previously discussed.  Fresh from reading about the role of a hadith (a saying of or about the Prophet Muhammad) in supporting a particular Muslim behavior, we read a humorous anecdote in which the role of a hadith is highlighted.  Laughing as we do affirms our growing understanding of the principle the authors are working to convey, but probably of equal importance our laughter also serves to help us feel closer to Muslims.  Many of the jokes are delightful and convey that sense that the teller doesn't take himself too seriously -- a very helpful antidote to the all-too-common Western conception of Muslims as dour, severe, serious, single-minded, rigid and bent on jihad.  One easily accepts the conclusions of the authors that Islam is a religion with a remarkable history, culture and heritage that has unfortunately been hijacked by a radical element.  The author helps us steer clear of competing and exaggerated misperceptions of Islam -- both of which appear in the popular press.I feel so much more prepared to listen to news from the Arab world accompanied by this wonderful resource.  Most highly recommended.
This book has something of a whodunnit quality, due to the alternating fantasy world/modern world style of the chapters. Has a bit of a Japanese touch, of course, but very accessible to any reader. Not a difficult book to read, and could probably be read by just about any age level interested in this type of book. Has a little of fantasy (unicorns, magical shadows) and a little of scifi (programming brains to record info), but not overwhelmingly of either type.If you like this book, you may want to check out Haibane Renmei (anime series), which is beautiful and has some qualities in common.
This is a helpful book when trying to correctly speak, write, or understand the German language. It is a ready reference book.
My daughter checked this out of her school library and then asked for the book for Christmas. The pictures remind me of the kind that most books had in the 70's. Meaning just black, blue and yellow...and of course green when they mix. I never would have picked this out for her but I think it is the story that intrigues her so much. Mothers and their babies are facinating to little girls. She now knows so much about dolphins from such a simple little book. Glad Amazon had it!
I've selected this book for my grand-nephew after having read it to my grandchildren.  The book is imaginative, creative, and fanciful.  The kids to whom I have read this book have followed the story eagerly to the end.Harold and the Purple Crayon 50th Anniversary Edition (Purple Crayon Books)Highly recommended
The authors have written a fine reminder: doing the right thing is "good business," both for individuals and organizations.To some extent, they're covering ground similar to that of my book, 'Serve to Lead.' 'Moral Intelligence' presents a set of 'moral skills' that are central to effectiveness, including: integrity, responsibility, compassion and forgiveness.Ultimately, what is most effective is serving others--and overcoming temptations to serve oneself.To this reader, the most serviceable aspects of the book are the vignettes of 'moral leadership' from various business scenarios of recent years. Such recitations are a much-needed corrective to the epidemic of self-serving actions suffusing our world today. To the extent they inspire others to do the right thing, they will be adding great value.
Great adventure that is fun and interesting ~ Wish the US had a better railroad system but I suppose that will never happen
Elizabeth Peters has so firmly established a place in my heart as the Mistress of Mystery that I find it hard to write a review without sounding over-effusive in my praise! A word of caution: I advise the Reader to first read at least "The Golden One" and "Lord of the Silent" before reading this; unfamiliarity with the Emerson clan and their far-flung acquaintances (friendly and not-so) will leave you dizzy and rather confused with the intricacies of the plot here. But to continue:Following the tradition of (frustratingly) leaving (tremendously interesting and, one knows, adventure-packed) time gaps between books, "Children of the Storm" picks up two years after "The Golden One" left off. The Great War is finally ended, and at last the Emersons may return to their (rarely!) peaceable archaeological explorations. The entire Emerson clan, now quite large and quite vocal and spanning three generations, are reunited, with the result being that the Reader feels like he (or she) is amongst old friends. This is not without some tinges of nostalgia: all our beloved characters, from the charming Ramses to the inimitable Amelia, are not suspended in time and must grow older, choosing the paths they will take and ineluctably leaving other paths not taken. The effects are as realistic as they are bittersweet.As Readers of "The Golden One" will know, Ramses and Nefret were at the end of that volume expecting a child. This turned out to be a feignt: Ms. Peters has given the darling couple not one but TWO mischief-makers to keep track of. Two-year-old toddlers are a challenge anyplace, but in the midst of Egyptology and intrigue provide an especially frightening prospect. Ramses and Nefret make excellent parents, although whilst I do enjoy the scenes of domesticity (though tranquil is hardly the case with young children!), I find myself rather missing their status as newlyweds...as does Ramses! Emerson, however, is absolutely endearing as a grandfather: as loud and irascible as always, but charmingly affectionate putty in the hands of the small ones.The adventure begins, as always, with a theft and a death or two and several shirts ruined. There is also the requisite abduction of an Emerson and the extravagant plotting of arch-nemeses. To say more than this will be to give the intricately plotted and exquisitely delivered story away, and I refuse to cheat the Reader so. (One side-note that I can't help but declare in delight: we finally learn Sethos' real name!!)I was almost glad to be relieved of the war business: the greater part of the strength and delight of the Peabody mysteries was always the Egyptology that bound the family together, and this volume carries it on with aplomb. The last several novels have been rather nostalgic, even wistful, in their style, and I fear that the series is winding down towards a final conclusion, for there are very few loose ends to tie up and the beloved characters are all growing older. I do hope for at least two more novels (with the alarming revelation about Ramses' children on the last page, I see delicious prospects for continuation) but will be glad of what I am allowed - any Emerson is better than none!One cannot help, whilst reading this, but to long for those days, real or partly-imagined, when innocence was oft forgotten but not wholly lost, where real romance meant more than simply sex, and where the strength of family affection was more potent than any villain's hatred or attempts at terror. I think this is the thing that makes me love this series most: the truth of emotion in them. Ms. Peters gives armchair adventurers their share of action, but doesn't fail to deliver a rousing tale of family, loyalty, love, and hate. These qualities are in all of us, of all colours and races and creeds, and that is what strikes so deep a chord with me. She has captured the essence of people themselves, and for that, I think Elizabeth Peters will be "The Golden One" of mystery for a very, very long time.~ Reviewed by Megan Stoner
"The Nature of Personal Reality" was one of the first Seth books I read. That was decades ago. Over the years I've had to purchase new copies since I underlined so many great thoughts. Currently, I have three hardcopies of this book and they are all marked up so much that it is time I get another one.This book, by Jane Roberts and Robert Butts, served as an inspiration and comfort to me through some of the toughest times of my life. I now have quite a number of Jane's books in my personal library and go to them for strength and wisdom. Although there are times when I do not look at these books for long periods of time, I find myself going back to "The Nature of Personal Reality" when storm clouds seem to come into my life.I rank this book as one of my "Top Ten" of all times. It truly saved my sanity.--John Harricharan--award-winning author of "When You Can Walk on Water, Take the Boat"
The author of this book does an excellent job of explaining HTML from the bottom up. He speaks in laymans terms but does not talk down to you. What I really like about this book is that it teaches CSS right alongside the HTML that you're learning. Almost like 2 books in 1! Although he does not go very in-depth with the CSS, it is enough to whet your appetite and get your creative juices flowing. You'll be able to make some really nice web sites by the time you're done with this book. If after you've read this book you would like to learn more in-depth CSS, I would recommend O'reily's CSS the Definitive Guide, and for a good HTML/XHTML reference book, I would also look to O'reily's.
Always a good book.I really enjoy all of the books in this series and even though he is retired he is still in top form.This was one of those books that you hate to see end.The carectors are so believable,they seem like old friends.I would lkebtomread the first ones she wrote but they don't seem to be on Kindle.
I was waiting to catch a plane at PDX and saw a young guy sitting across from me reading this book. No this isn't a Craigslist "Missed Connection;" I just thought the book looked interesting so I made a note of it and bought it when I arrived home.This was a very well written, succinct thriller that was written and published during World War II. Graham Greene is generally known for writing literary fiction but also wrote what would today be called thrillers or bestsellers (which he referred to as "entertainments") and *Ministry Of Fear* is a prime example of Greene's entertainments. It was fun to read a thriller written by such an accomplished literary author, and the book conveys a thick sense of fear and paranoia that I imagine is quite a genuine depiction of life during wartime.But wait, there's more! An interesting film was made based on this book, starring Ray Milland, who was perfect in the lead role. The movie had quite a few different plot elements than the book, some of which were actually improvements - but the best thing is the entire movie is available for free on youtube - cool!
What a great buy!  Great cost for a amazing classic!!!!  My daughter is taking honors English in high school and has required reading, of which she chose this great work!
This book is valuable at two levels.  First as an aware consumer we all need to learn how games are being used in so many facets of business to get our attention.  The second level is as professionals we need to learn how to use games to increase employee engagement, learning, satisfaction and development. This book delivers both of these.  Check out their interactive website at http://gamificationrevolution.co  I have read a few earlier books on the topic and many more articles on how to build gaming into business processes.  This book pulls much of current thought together. It does not get into how to build the games, but it is a very good resource at the business  strategy level.  (I see gamification as being very useful at a public and private level). This is  must read for business leaders. It  should open your eyes.
I always felt that they all boiled down to the same message "if life gives you lemons, make lemonade." Which of course is excellent advice but why take a whole book to make that point. So it was with a good deal of prejudice that I began to read this book. I was so pleasantly surprised. The book is humorous ( I chuckled out loud more than once) and the writer has such an evident good nature and such an upbeat outlook that I truly enjoyed reading it.Did the book give radical new approaches to achieving my life goals, life changing ephiphanies? Not really, but it did give sensible, humorous advice. And I think the nicest thing about it was that the goals the author thought important were NOT connected to being the wealthiest person on the block, but instead the happiest and most self fulfilled.And who knows, I have been mulling over trying some of the exercises the author recomends, maybe the book is more life changing than I thought. Oh and pay attention to the footnotes. Most of the chuckle out loud moments was reading the footnotes.
An archeological team is working in France excavating a medieval monastery. The sponsor of the archeological dig has bigger plans for the reconstruction of the site and has developed travel across time, where travelers will experience everything first-hand. The Professor disappears into history and then Kate, Chris and Andre must go after him to bring him back to the present day.I enjoyed the story and I have always been fascinated with everything medieval. As always I enjoyed reading a story by Michael Crichton, because he has the astounding ability to mesh science and fiction so closely together that when you are finished reading one of his stories, you believe.
This book is just too much fun to resist.  If you're looking for a great mystery or a gripping plot, you're in the wrong place.  This book makes its mark with wonderful, fully alive characters you feel you know as friends by  the final page.  Much of the plot has something in common with a good  slapstick comedy: if you have half a brain you know exactly what's coming  next, but watching it arrive is still fun.  I normally read straight  mysteries (I fully gree with another commenter about the merits of  Stephanie Plum, et. al.), but this is still a book I pick up for light,  totally enjoyable reading.  If only the sequels were as good as this, the  first book.
As someone who was, in the past decade or less, a pre-adolescant girl, I must say that the voice of young Briony as the narrator is extremely well done.  While some reviewers seem to think it a little overdone, it rang very true to life for me.  This is a powerful novel made all the more powerful by the reprecussions of a young girl's imagination and lack of adult knowledge.  I understand that some people think that the book is a slow read, but I didn't find it to be.  I read a majority of it in one day, completely enthralled and driven by a need to know what happened.  The final 'chapter,' in which Briony reflects on her life, is extremely thought-provoking and powerful, and will resonate with anyone who has writing ambitions.  I would especially recommend this book to anyone who has ever been a precocious thirteen-year-old girl, or anyone with literary ambitions.  A wonderful and powerful read.
Although Ten Days That Shook the World is clearly totally biased towards the Bolsheviks, it is still an interesting read. It does an excellent job of revealing the dramatic side of the Russian Revolution, and it gives the events of the revolution the sort of immediacy that can only be achieved by on-the-spot reporting. There are also many facinating quotes and interviews with leaders, like Trotsky. It is an engaging and exciting book, and it is very well written.However, it is not really ideal (never mind ideal, it is pretty useless) for a research project or for real information. Unless you are pretty familiar with the events of the revolution, it would probably be confusing (he uses many terms without really explaining them and is VERY detailed). Furthermore, the book was written by a dedicated believer in the regime right after the event occured. Reed did not have the benefit of hindsight in writing his book - and he was blinded by his faith in socialism. Some of the events in the book are somewhat inaccurate, and Lenin and Trotsky are totally idealized! One thing that shows how biased Reed was towards the Bolsheviks is that Lenin himself states that the book is an accurate depiction of the revolution. This would seem like a good thing, but actually, when the revolution is depicted in way that is favorable to Lenin, one thing is for sure: it is completely inaccurate! For instance, the book leaves the reader with the impression that the Bolsheviks had planned the revolution much more carefully than they did in reality (it was more a lucky break than anything else).Nevertheless, this book is irreplaceable as a first-hand illustration of what the revolution was like. Even though some of the information cannot be trusted completely, it is still a facinating book!
I won't review the book itself; there are plenty of those to go around and the book is simply wonderful. I want to review the audio version, narrated by Davina Porter. Again- wonderful! This English reader has a delightful English accent and yet can shift into the tones of a Scottish man without missing a beat. I am not even done with the book yet, but have ordered the second book in the series, read by the same talented lady.Listening to books is my "treat" to myself as I drive to and from work. It's a 25 minute trip and listening to the book keeps me from speeding! This is a long one- 32 or 33 CDs, I think. Lots to listen to and lots to learn and enjoy.
This is an exceptional book rife with concrete examples. Perhaps Made to Stick is strongest when it compares "normal" messages with superior ones made more concrete, unexpected, credible, etc.I like to think that I'm being clear when I speak and write but I'd be lying if I said that people always understood me. This book made me think about how I communicate--and how I can do it better.Should be required reading. Great book.
I grew up watching a lot of television but then, as an adult, lived without a TV for about 20 years. I grudgingly bought one TV (and a VCR) in 1997. I don't like TV on the whole and watch only about 2 or 3 hours of it a week. Neil Postman's book is a very good analysis of television's detrimental effects on its viewers and our society. This isn't so much about the content of TV programs (though that is often very bad), but the nature of television as a medium of communication; the subtle way it effects our view of reality, our epistemology. Television is certainly not going to go away. This book is good reading for those who want to put TV in its place and be aware of the problems with seeing too much of the world through a television camera.
Eschewing all conventional literary forms, Italo Calvino's &quot;Invisible Cities&quot; is a series of short sketches of imaginary cities visited by the mercurial explorer Marco Polo, who tells his tales to Kublai Khan, the saturnine Mongol emperor who is nearing the end of his triumphant days.  But this is a work of anachronistic fantasy, and it soon becomes apparent that the cities have nothing to do with the 13th century or the Mongol empire, but exist in all times and places, or only in the mind.The roughly fifty cities that Marco Polo describes are of such wild variety and curious construction, one has to wonder where Calvino gets his inspiration (aside from the obvious influence of Borges).  Marco Polo tells of Dorothea, a city that is divided like a tic-tac-toe board by four intersecting canals; Despina, a city that appears as a ship to a traveler approaching by camel, and a camel to a traveler approaching by ship; the eerily surreal Armilla, consisting of nothing but water pipes ending in plumbing fixtures; Olinda, a city which blossoms like a flower in concentric circles, evoking visions of self-generating fractals.Some of the cities seem to symbolize concepts that apply to the real world.  Especially portentous is the &quot;spider-web&quot; city of Octavia, which hangs from a rope suspended between two mountain precipices; its inhabitants are less uncertain of their future than those of other cities because they at least *know* that someday the rope will break.  And Perinthia, a city that was designed under celestial guidance but whose inhabitants have turned out grotesque, offers ironic commentary on science mixing with religion.Encompassing the sights, sounds, aromas, and sentiments of a world of human experience, &quot;Invisible Cities&quot; is a feast for the senses, beautifully penned by one of the truly great fabulists of the twentieth century.
A tragic story about a set of strange and baffling twins.  While the author's inclusion of their diary entries offer a unique and rare insight to otherwise silent and mysterious thought processes, I found many of the diary excerpts long and tedious.  Eventually, I began quickly scanning through them, and trusting the author's interpretations.The book did hold my interest, but I often needed to break away from their maddening and tragic lives.  Unfortunately, the book was written/completed much sooner than the story ended.  A new edition with an epilogue is in order.
This is Grady's first book and it sets the tone for his later two books, Successful Software Process Improvement and Software Metrics: Establishing a Company-wide Program.  What makes this book so important is that it is one of the first to integrate software metrics with project management metrics.What I particularly like about this book includes:(1) Complete view of metrics that matter, and the chronicle of how these metrics evolved in a large company (Hewlett-Packard).(2) Recognition that any software metrics initiative extends beyond the project that delivers the software - Grady examines post-production metrics and ties them back to not only the development life cycle, but the product life cycle as well. Ten years after this book was published there are still large organizations that are struggling with doing this, yet Grady's book provides a clear roadmap to achieving this elusive goal.(3) Continuous improvement is the central theme in this book.  Grady does not stop with collecting and analyzing metrics, but how to effectively employ them to spot improvement opportunities and develop a strategy to effect those improvements.The book is written as both a story of how a successful metrics program evolved, complete with anecdotes that will prove helpful, and as a collection of data that illustrates what is and is not important to a comprehensive metrics program.Among all of Grady's books I like this one the best; however, I recommend that his other two also be carefully read if software process improvement is your goal.  He has much to say and backs it up with data and a chronicle of his experiences from real projects.
John Authers (Senior Investment columnist for the Financial Times)  is one of those rare gifted writers who can explain the complex in simple language, a feat which can only be accomplished by those with a very deep and thorough understanding. InEurope's Financial Crisis: A Short Guide to How the Euro Fell Into Crisis and the Consequences for the Worldhe explains the creation rise and fall of the Euro and the recent chaos in the markets, European and beyond.  The book is short and terse, and no summery I could provide would do it justice, as I believe he has distilled it to its essence and any attempt I made to summarize further would do it a great injustice.The main topic under consideration is the current state of the Eurozone, it's history, the dynamic forces affecting it, and it's effect on markets around the world.  Each chapter is presented much like a terse lecture with notes summarizing the main point to help one consolidate knowledge and understanding before moving on.  he covers a great deal of ground in a very short time presenting simple lucid explanations of some highly complex, multi-faceted and intertwined situations.I have read a number of books on the recent bubbles (market and housing,) the subprime mortgages and the bizarre instruments which were devised to repackage them; books which looked at the current situation from a number of angles, but none of them explain any of it as well as John Authors.Even before I finished reading this book I had recommended it to half a dozen people and resolved to get his bookThe Fearful Rise of Markets: Global Bubbles, Synchronized Meltdowns, and How To Prevent Them in the Future,to which this is the sequel (parts of which were revisited in the book under review).In addition to deconstructing the Eurozone, it's history and current status, he explore the many ways in which the world: governments, institutions, markets, currencies are interconnected and in so doing lifts the veil on some of the mysterious actions of the fed.It is a very succinct overview, and as such will take more time to fully absorb than it did to read.  I would recommend this book to anyone trying to get a handle on what is happening in world markets, get a better understanding of the recent  bubbles, the implications of the subprime crisis, anyone trying to make sense of some of the impenetrable, seemingly contradictory acts of the Fed., or anyone looking to get a better understanding of the myriad ways in which the world is now interconnected, and even to those who are only looking for a simple, one paragraph explanation of exactly what George Soros did to rock the Bank of England while racking up billions overnight.  It's all here.
Glenny had an incredibly formidable task before him when he set out to write this dense history of the Balkan peninsula. It is one of the least-known and researched parts of the world, is relatively small, and is populated with different groups of people who are ostensibly similar but are separated by profound differences. It is a melting pot on mach-5, a tempestuous collection of countries and cultures prone to poverty and violence for a multitude of reasons and at any given time, as its ancient and recent history has reflected. Not to downplay its misfortune, but at the very least from a historian's point of view it would make for a fascinating subject and, hence, fascinating reading.Unfortunately, the book is a collection of facts and quality reportage, but little else. The facts are laid out, the names, motivations, and consequences are delineated and explored, and a sound argument is made for the state of the Balkans in the modern world due to outside forces using the area as their private checker pieces, void of any respect for the region's individual and collective autonomy. But the book is too dry to make it as fascinating as it has every right to be. It doesn't breathe. Battles begin, end, perspectives change and heighten, but it's all written in a tone that is difficult to latch onto, making finishing the book an arduous task. And this is from someone who is highly interested in the area and did their best to pay attention throughout. Admirable in its intentions but too sterile in its execution, this is recommended for those already well-versed in the history of the area.
After building his credibility by writing 42(!) books and innumerable articles about information systems, John Vacca has finally turned his skill to a topic of interest to the intelligent lay reader. This book offers fascinating subject matter, knowledgeable information sources, and interesting treatment of scientific issues. A must read!
i really enjoyed this book. it all started when Catherine Markham's brother Royce had been captured by the British. She knows no one who can help her except Captain Derrick St. John, captain of one her family's shipping business roads. So she goes to see him dressed as a boy. He soon realizes its her and he agrees to help her. On the voyage, they start to realize they care about each other when Derrick unexpectedly kisses her when the pirates attack! Soon after, they get to Savannah and Derrick has to clear his father's name from becoming a traitor to the America's. To find out if Catherine gets her brother back or if Derrick and Catherine fall in love, read the book.
Now in an updated and expanded second edition, Incident Response &amp; Computer Forensics (007222696X; 544 pages; $49.99) is the collaborative effort of FBI insiders Chris Prosise &amp; Kevin Mandia who offers an expert presentation of the legal, procedural, and technical steps of incident response and computer forensics. Included are new chapters on forensic analysis and remediation, and real-world case studies. Incident Response &amp; Computer Forensics is recommended as a revealing and authoritative instructional reference dedicated to showing users of all levels of experience just how to counteract and defend against contemporary computer hack attacks.
I just finished reading "The Grapes of Wrath." Steinbeck's simple but poetic prose shows a mastery of subtlety and expertise. The dialog was very believable and realistic.  The period in which J. Steinbeck wrote as did Hemingway was the realism movement, which never really strayed too long into what the characters were thinking or feeling. The characters words on the surface is what portrayed who they were and Steinbeck expertly reveals all of them, even down to his tertiary characters, Ruthie and Winfield. Ma Joad and Tom are beautifully realized as was Casey the former preacher.If I have any quibble with the story, it's some of the chapters, which were a little too polemical and didactic. I felt Steinbeck trying too hard to drive his personal beliefs down my throat about "The Man versus the corporation and big business."  Overall however, I still came away with great admiration for what he tried to accomplish with this story, considering we had just come out of the Depression only about five or six years later followed by the destructive Dust Bowls, created by man.I now understand why this novel is considered in such high esteem by so many experts and admirers of fiction. "The Grapes of Wrath" is truly one of the great American novels!
This book gave so much more than I could have hoped for.  The characters were compelling and well developed and the story was unique in a time where many books give the same story over over.  Henry's CPD (chronolgical placement disorder) is told in such a way that it doesn't feel like science fiction mumbo-jumbo.  The emotions that this book evoked were incredible.
The information contained in this book, if applied properly, can change all of your relationships for the better. In Dr. Daniels' book, you will learn about behavioral science in a way to prompt behaviors that you want and to keep those behaviors moving with good, predictable consequences. As you read you'll see that you already knew this intuitively, but now you have the science to back it up. Dozens of case studies and examples are exhibited throughout related to the business world, but the information in this book can apply to all walks of life. Daniels boils down the scientific to the practical and gives you the tools to apply this material starting today.
Salmon Rushdie may be most famous for "Satanic Verses" and the subsequent death warrant it earned him from Muslim fundamentalists. However, his previous book, "Midnight's Children," is a genuine reason for fame.Simply put, the book is outstanding in almost every way - well written, plotted and characterized, it contains a whole kaleidoscopic world. However, it is Rushdie's gift for metaphor (especially in a political context) that sets him apart. Not since Nietzsche in "Thus Spoke Zarathustra" has metaphor been so sharp and multifaceted. It truly takes on a level that few other authors can reach.The plot certainly does owe something to the Bombay movie industry, however the final result is much more than a Bollywood musical. In fact, it made me (whose knowledge of India admittedly was mostly limited to movie portrayals) rethink my happy-go-lucky view of that country as a place where everyone ate well, sang about love and occasionally rode an elephant. What a fascinating introduction to an equally fascinating culture and uniquely Asian melting pot!Perhaps the most lasting concept to come out of the work is the illusive need for personal centrality. We all want to be the center of not just our own individual worlds or lives but the entire world. It's the subjective striving for universality that truly leads to tyranny and despotism. Fascinating!This connects the text with Derrida's post modern theory of the unsustainability of centers, too. Why is it that only America ignores these themes preferring instead to concentrate on titillation and culture alone?In any case, "Midnight's Children" is an exceptional work of fantastic realism that keeps you thinking as well as guessing about another culture as well as human nature, itself.
When I'm able to get through a business book, I consider it a major achievement. Not for me, but for the authors who wrote it. I have more business books that I'll admit to where I got 1/3 of the way through and decided that they were crap. Why? Because nothing that the authors had presented could be used in my daily business life.Not so with The McKinsey Mind. Everyone needs a framework for solving problems and delivering and executing solutions. If you follow the guidelines in The McKinsey Mind, you'll get just that an more.The authors segue nicely from their former book, The McKinsey Way, which I also read with interest. The McKinsey Mind has the same chapters as the former, and with those chapters delves deeper in how employees of "the firm" actually go about getting the job of consulting done, at one of the most highly respected firms in the world.For me, someone in search of ever-better problem solving frameworks and context, The McKinsey Mind provided a wealth of resources for me to apply immediately. Here are a few that I've used just this week:Let you hypothesis determine your analysis - for every problem, you need an angle to approach from. This can be considered your hypothesis, which also goes to defining scope. Once you have this, you can decide what work needs to be done to reach resolutionGathering the data - This wasn't so much a new discipline, especially for those of you that do a lot of research already, but I mention it because they have an impressive appendix called "Data-Gathering Resources" which lists nearly every business-related database and website that you could possibly need to do the due diligence on whatever problem you're working on.Interviewing - To me, this was the most important, especially because I'm now in a company where there are a lot of veterans that know more than I, and I need to know as much from them about the business as possible. I've never had more productive meet & greets with leadership as I have since I started applying some of the McKinsey interview techniques."What's the So What?" - Ask yourself, in every analysis, "What's the So What?" This essentially means asking yourself what value have you generated for your client/stakeholders through your findings. Is there a nugget there that's worth your time? Do you need to adjust your hypothesis because the facts tell otherwise?Managing Your Team, Client, and Self - Great advice, but nothing you haven't read before. It's interesting to see though how consultants that routinely work 80 hour weeks recommend your reclaiming some of your personal time. I found one quote "If the place isn't falling apart, go home at 5, enjoy the time and reenergize." I find myself using that every day. We could all stay well into the evening, but then what would we be?The book adds additional value in that it summarizes the 'lessons' in appendices at the end, along with the data-gathering appendix I already mentioned. This alone was worth the price of the book because it gives me a reference that I can turn to until I get some of the better ideas committed to memory.Great book - great framework for problem solving - a great addition to your business library!
This book puts a face on the enemy soldier. He is no longer just a rifle, a bayonet, a grenade, but a living breathing human being. The book is told from the perspective of a World War I German Soldier, and while you are reading it you can not help thinking how much he sounds just like any other 20 year old boy regardless of whether he is a German, American, French, Russian, or British soldier. As an American male, Germany was our enemy and was always looked upon as being evil. You are not supposed to think of these people as human beings. It would make fighting them that much harder to learn that their foot soldiers really were not much different than ours. The fact that they had mothers, fathers, and loved ones at home praying for their safety, just as ours did, is moving.The book does not bother going into details of the cause of the war, which is good, but just focuses on the foot soldier who is actually fighting it. The book is fictitious, but it gives surprisingly accurate descriptions of the war, and gives you a good perspective of what they went through. This illustrated edition is great and helped clarify in my mind actually what was described in the book.You can also see hints of the feeling of the country preceding World War II. At the end of World War I, Germany was defeated, but their foot soldiers felt that they were not out classed, but only out manned. Also most of the fighting was done in other countries, so Germans were not subjected to images of giant craters which had ripped apart most of the landscape. Those at home in Germany suffered, but their elders were disillusioned regarding the superiority of their military might, and the consequences war was costing them.The prospective on the war propaganda is magnificent. Scenes of teachers instilling in their students the image that war is glorious and prompting them to rush out and enlist, only to find that war is hell, and death is all that awaits most of them is very powerful. Older gentleman in town arguing over how the war should be won, without any real concept of the consequences are great. Realistic problems which these youths suffered upon returning home from the war are also raised. It is mentioned of how this generation of Germans would have trouble fitting back into society because war was all they knew reminds me of our American soldiers returning from Vietnam. Both were at war for long periods of time and returned home from a losing war.I picked this book up because I saw it mentioned on a list of "The One Hundred Greatest Books Ever Written". After reading it, I believe they were justified in including it on that list.P.S. The movie was just as good.
David Lee Roth is a Man's Man's Man. He really speaks from the heart and is for the most part honest in this autobiography. Ironically, he almost comes out as the Anti-Simmons if you have read Gene Simmons yarns of half-truths. I never expected Roth to be as literate and witty as he is in this book, which was edited down from a manuscript that was thousands of pages. In this book, he tells us about his Jewish upbriging, his early adventures with Rock and Roll and other culture, his (mis)adventures with Van Halen, as well as a lot of other personal stuff. It almost reads like a beatnik &quot;on the road&quot; type book, with his flair for language, and his witty tales. I never knew that he was an experienced mountain climber, a poet, and also a once aspiring movie director. Basically David Lee Roth has a zest for LIFE and this makes the book one of the most inspiring I've ever read.
This book is seriously one of the best books I've ever read.  The book is interconnected and does a wonderful job explaining the personal motives of the decision makers at the time.  I wish all history books were written this way.  It's so human.  Wonderful!
When this book first came out I read it and it opened my eyes. I then went into private and group therapy for about 4months and then just group therapy for being an adult child of an alcoholic. It was something I wished I had done earlier. The cost of therapy after my covrage changed and new responsibilites ended my therapy after around 7 months. I had a great therapist. The author really explains the dynamics of how our relationships develop very well. I've read both of her books. In the second one " Letter's from Women Who Love Too Much" ( it also includes letters from men)she points out how peer therapy seems the most effective form of therapy for such issues. She had stopped doing private therapy at that point. A worthwhile book.
When I read it in my youth, it was the German translation, ('Die letzte Nacht der Titanic') and I found it so compelling, that felt I was part of the action. Now, many years later, I reread it in English. No matter in what language, it is still the classic account of what happened that night: No overblown hype, no laboured speculations, just a skillful collage of what the author learned from survivors and from his own research about the ship and tragedy, all written in a fresh journalistic style that draws you into the story.
I've never understood why Grapes of Wrath is so highly acclaimed among the Steinbeck works.  I was forced to read it the first time in a high school English course.  I believed, then, that I hated the writing of John Steinbeck.  Later, after I'd come to know his other works I went back for a re-read, thinking I'd been jaundiced by an HS English teacher presentation.  I still didn't care for it. Of the Steinbeck works it's the only one I've never read repeatedly as I aged.
First of all, in reply to all the reviewers who complain about the "sexism", let me just point out that at the time this was a radically feminist book and LFB a radically feminist author.  How many girl-protagonists at the time were as plucky as Dorothy, who smacks a lion in the nose?  A male lion.  It's hard to imagine Alice doing something like that.  In fact LFB was already a serial gender-bender, see for instance JOHN DOUGH AND THE CHERUB and THE ENCHANTED ISLAND OF YEW.  He's chock-full of forceful, powerful women from the Good Witch of the North to Glinda to Rosalie and Tormaline (SKY ISLAND) to Mrs. Yoop to Red Reera.  Plus the most powerful characters--Ozma, Glinda, and the offstage but nigh-omnipotent fairy Lurline.  Is there any good, ruling, MALE authority?  One that really rules rather than being a figurehead for a female like King Bud of Noland and Prince Evardo the Fifteenth?  OK, the King of Mo gets his own way.  Rinkitink, too.  (Maybe John Dough--he presumably yields to his Head Booleywag (Chick the Cherub) but we don't know that person's gender.)  But these are comic rulers, not serious benevolent forces like Ozma and Glinda.  Here's one: Tititi-Hoochoo.  And Anko the Sea-Serpent.  Gugu the Leopard.  Well, if you can find a less sexist author between 1901 and 1919, please leave a comment.With this book the excitement starts right away, continues until the end, and manages to remain interesting the whole time.  When the characters aren't fighting, or flying, or tumbling, or trying out interesting new magic, they're exchanging some of the funniest dialogue in Baum, including punnery equaled only in EMERALD CITY (and parts of JOHN DOUGH).  My complaints are trivial: Jack Pumpkinhead is too drippy for a rugged adventure like this; I never understood how Jinjur hooked up with Mombi toward the end; and you cannot count to seventeen by twos starting with one-half; you need to start with one.One other thing: This was Jno R. Neill's first Oz book and one of his better ones.  The illustration of Mombi casting her spell at the end is a masterpiece and so is the flock of jackdaws descending on the travellers.
History is written, and sometimes invented, by the victors.  In the case of King Richard III, that is by the Tudors after the defeat of the Plantagenets.  This review is for the print copy which I own.This was the first book I read by Josephine Tey, and still my favorite.  I love how the mystery unfolds from a hospital bed, where Inspector Grant is confined following his previous case.  Grant becomes interested in a 16th century portrait of Richard III (which hangs in the National Portrait Gallery).  The sensitive and intelligent face seems at odds with the monster he had learned about in school.  He gradually discovers the truth.This is a wonderful book, not only for the story, but for showing people that what they "know" in history may not be true at all.  It inspires a more critical analysis of what one reads or is told.
Somebody around here nominated Munro for a Nobel prize and for the title of strongest writer in the English language. Tempted by so much praise from a trustworthy source, I tested/tasted the Runaway and I second the motion.The title story itself is one of the best long short stories that I can remember. (But I would still like to know what happened to Flora...)The story called 'Silence' is a very troubling horror story out of real life.Munro writes about daily life and 'human' relations and neighborhood problems and life stories, including several versions of plausible horror, with a simplicity and precision that can only be achieved through hard work (or through lucky genius). She is entirely free of mannerisms and of cheap tricks (unlike some contemporary American writers that I am just having a big disagreement about.)Outstanding.
I read a lot of reviews about this book before getting the Kindle version of it. Yes, It contains a lot of philosophy and physiology before you get into something concrete, but I think that in order to invest time and effort pursuing something, I have to be convinced before from an intellectual point of view, and that is what this book did for me. About half the book the concrete part begins, routines, exercises, recomendations, i.e all you need to start lifting weights in a intelligent way.But like everything, this book has its weaknesses, for example, it lacks in the nutrition department, so you have to buy Mike Mentzer Heavy Duty Nutrition book in order to get a clue about how to feed yourself to grow.
"Three Men in a Boat" is one of the best books I have ever read. I can't say it enough: Humor and grace. It as meaningful to a 21st century woman as it was to those who read it when it was first penned more than 100 years ago.
Four stars because the initial section on footwear was excruciatingly detailed, perhaps too much.  On the other hand, I read the whole section because the information may someday be useful.  It would have been easy to pick out just the parts of interest, but I'm very new to long-distance hiking and appreciated the wide background this book provides.  It's also reasonably up-to-date as of early 2013.
I found this book absolutely compelling. It is a wonderful tale, beautifully written and gives an original and fresh outlook on a story which has been told so many times before. The characters are all very  memorable and defined and carry the reader along with them on a very  magical and unforgettable journey through Arthur's lifetime.  I have  travelled to Glastonbury to see the true Avalon and  paid my respects at  Arthur's grave. After reading such a book as this I had to see the real  places.I would love to see a film of this book - But i doubt if one  could ever do justice. I was very much shocked and upset to hear of Marion  Zimmer Bradley's death and feel that it has been a great loss to  literature. Please read this book!  You won't regret it!
the most cogent and USEFUL guide to writing crisp, clean sentences. if you're the type of person who learns best by example, this is your bible.
Stella Gibson (1902-89) has won minor literary celebrity for Cold Comfort Farm her 1932 novel featuring a cast of memorable characters. Among the cast of eccentrics are:Flora Poste the 19 year old orphaned London young thing whose positive thinking views and desire to improve the lives of her cousins makes her an attractively winsome heroine. Flora is a do-gooder with a penchant for changing the lives of her family members. She is s a strong personality.Judith Starkadder is Flora's farmwife cousin married to Amos. Amos leaves on a preaching tour suggested to him by Flora. Judith will later be the patient of Dr Mudel, a famed psychiatrist, suggested to her by Flora.Adam Lambsbreath is the 90 year old farm hand wo loves  his cows: Graceless, Aimless, Feckless and Pointless.Seth Starkadder is the handsome son of Judith and Amos who goes to Hollywood to become a film star.Reuben Starkadder-Another son who is smitten by Flora but ends up marrying another lass. He enjoys farming and makes many improvements to the Starkaddere farm.Elfine Starkadder is Judith and Amos' nature loving daughter who weds the wealthy Richard Hawk-Monitor. The ball Hawk-Monitor's estate and their marriage in the village church are highlights of the short 120 pages novel.Ada Doom is Judith's reclusive mother who stays upstairs in the attic like a character out of Jane Eyre. She becomes a pilot/She says she "saw something nasty in the woodshed" as a girl but it is never revealed what she actually saw.Charles Fairford is Flora Poste's second cousin living in London and studying to be a priest in the Church of England. He is love with Flora.Mary Smiling is a stylish widow and good friend to Flora Poste.The novel gently satirizes the works of such luminaries as Thomas Hardy, the Brontes, D.H. Lawrence and other more minor British novelists. It is an unusual but witty and gentle bucolic journey to Sussex in the early 1930s. It will be dull to some but enchanting to other readers. I loved the book and also the movie on which it is based.J
Being a sports fan, I was wondering about how Dr. Elko achieved his past successes with some top NFL and NCAAF teams.  My main question:  If so many teams used his system for performance breakthroughs, why do only a few teams mentioned in the book actually reach greatness?  The book never clearly stated the exact years Elko was involved as a motivational consultant for specific teams.  Clearly there are so much more variables in sports and businesses that contribute to the overall successes than just positive attitude and strong work ethics.  What makes this book different than the gamut of motivational books available is that it preaches trust, action, and constant improvement rather than just idle dreaming about successful outcomes.  This book didn't really stress other factors such as competent coaching, extremely talented players, good front office management, chemistry, teamwork, sports/business cycles, and sometimes just pure luck.  Overall a good, short book that can reinvigorate some readers' motivations but not all.
This book gives you an amazing perspective into the path to ruining a career. And some of those paths start with very simple things - things that could be avoided IF the professional in question had taken steps to understand what triggered such thing. Well... the author goes exactly after those triggering mistakes that seem unimportant now, but with a costly price tag ahead.It draws a lot of good advice and techniques from the mistakes made by several top executives in companies like General Electric - therefore, this is a great book for anyone who is planning to climb a big company's executive ladder.The only negative thing that would point is the relative absence of other executive environments - like startups. Although GE is still a reference company, there are other environments as important as General Electric: information technologies and media, for example. But still, this book has enough insight do surpass anyone's expectations.RECOMMENDED.
This is a great book for getting started with Arduino. Using this and the official Arduino starter kit got me off the ground in record time with projects. I also bought the author's Next Steps book and intend to purchase his Rasperry Pi. Keep up the good work, Simon and I will keep buying your books! Thanks
This was a very enjoyable novel. The trademark punchy Crichton opening scene, around which the entire story revolves , is incredibly exciting. You'll also get a concentrated class in aviation acronyms. And the thoroughly satisfying "getting even" scene, toward the end, is especially tasty. Once again Mr Crichton gives you the tools to figure out the final revelation, but it will still knock you sideways, because I don't think you'll figure it out. The science is fine, and digestible. Once you get into the swing of things (acronym-wise) even the aircraft reports get semi-discernable, and pleasing. I highly recommend this book.
Those looking for examples of how Socialism has failed as an experiment could look to the Soviet Union or East Germany or perhaps, well, Jonestown.  Think about it.  almost a thousand people were moved to a hot, humid, insect infested jungle where they worked all day for nothing, only to be beaten or molested by others for the smallest infraction.  This was 'paradise', an escape from the racist, Capitalist USA.  In the end, everyone knew this was a failure.  Jones knew it, the prisoners there knew it.  Shiva Naipaul certainly knew it.  His book does not so much explore the inner workings of the cult, but the leftist and new age mentality that propelled it in the first place.Journey to Nowhere begins with the author's trip around Guyana in early 1980.  Here he describes just how hopeless and absurd the country had become, having happily jumped onto the socialist bandwagon.  Everything worthwhile had been driven out or destroyed, leaving behind a cesspool of corruption and hypocrisy.  Yet criticism was not allowed as it might help undermine this success story.  I imagine Naipaul couldn't wait to get out of the place.In the latter half he travels through sunny California to investigate the cults of the New Age Movement.  He is merciless in taking on the foolish American belief that anything is possible if only you believe it is so.  Maybe Jonestown would have solved its problems if more had simply believed.  Maybe the bugs would have left everyone alone.  I doubt Jones would have.I wish there had been more coverage of the cult itself and I didn't find this as fascinating as others have, but it is must reading for anyone interested in the political and social mindset of the 70's that generated this nightmare.
I own several books by the author, and like his other books, this one is focused on construction details and how each particular circuit works, along with datasheets, as opposed to  theory. So if you are looking for the theory of operation on individual sensors, I think you will be disappointed. However, if you are just looking for interesting projects to build, this book is full of good ideas for circuits. The projects range from the more simple and inexpensive, such as the overtemperature alarm, to the more complex and costly advanced electronic ion chamber. If you want a good book on sensors and the theory behind them you might try Fraden's recent edition of "Handbook of Modern Sensors". I notice that Amazon does not show the table of contents so I do that here:Chapter 1: Audio ProjectsElectronic stethoscopeUnderwater hydrophoneUltrasonic listenerChapter 2: Light Detection & MeasurementOpto ListenerBasic radiometerDigital ultraviolet radiometerDigital ozone-meterSensitive optical tachometerChapter 3: Heat SensingInfrared flame detectorFreeze alarmOver-temperature alarmAnalog data-logger systemLCD thermometerInfrared motion detectorChapter 4: Fluid SensingRain detectorFluid sensorFluid/water level indicatorHumidity monitorpH meterChapter 5: Gas SensingAir pressure switchElectronic snifferCombustible gas sensorElectronic barometerChapter 6: Vibration MonitoringVibration hour monitorVibration alarmPiezo seismic alarmResearch seismographChapter 7: Magnetic DetectionMag-Ear amplifierELF monitorElectronic compassEarth field magnetometerChapter 8: Sensing Electric FieldsElectroscopeStatic tubeSimple electronic electroscopeAtmospheric electricity monitorCloud charge monitorChapter 9: Radio ProjectsLightning detectorELF natural radioShortwave receiverJupiter radio telescopeChapter 10: Radiation DetectionCloud chamberLow cost electronic ion chamber IAdvanced electronic ion chamber IIGeiger CounterAppendix A: Helpful Contact InformationAppendix B: Data Sheets
The author of this book was in the German Army in WWI.  By 33 he was famous for having authored this book.  It is an excellent book about the reality of war from the thoughts of a soldier.  The book covers induction, training, the front, home visits, and is essentially an essay on how a generation is destroyed either physically or through mental scars.  There is also an movie based on this book that follows the book closely though the movie skips a few parts of the story, doesn't portray a few fully, and adds some drama at the end.  The book is a great read.  The movie is worth buying too.
It is a glimpse of Montana from the Native American perspective, and it is so unique and beautiful that I found this book hard to put down.  The characters and the dialog and the descriptions of the landscape were incredible.  The plot wasn't as fully developed as it could have been, but that didn't bother me.  All right, maybe it bothered me a little.  I wanted something to happen between the &#34;airplane man&#34; and the bartender from Malta-- something more.  The resolution that was offered was slightly disappointing.  Still, it's definitely worth reading, especially if you want to know what life was like on the reservation.
There are some course books you read just to get through the course, and don't feel like you've learned anything long-term useful. Then there are the books you take reams and reams of notes on because you know that this information will help you in every aspect of your life. Organizational Behavior by Kreitner and Kincki definitely falls into the useful category. I took a sheaf of notes while reading this book and began immediately implementing many of their suggestions. These were not just theoretical ideas that a big-shot corporate owner might use on a gigantic company. The pages were packed with practical, down to earth suggestions on how every person interacting with others could find a way to make things work more smoothly.There are discussions on listening styles - how to stay focused when working with others, how to retain information and help draw out the important parts. There are descriptions of leadership styles and how different ones might work better in different situations. There are tips on managing and dealing with stress and conflict. You learn why sometimes rewards are seen as greatly motivating and how other times they fall flat.There are times that the book is oddly phrased. For example they say in 2050 that 55% of workers will be minorities. They won't be minorities then, will they! Back in 1900 Italians and Irish were considered "minorities" and were not allowed to work in some areas. Our definitions always change, and the book should have gone into that more.There are also items which were just plain wrong. They state that in 2011 (which is, in fact, now) that half the US workforce will be over 50 years of age. I found the initial study they quoted - and even the study never made this claim! The average age is **maybe** 40 years old. It makes you wonder about some of the other stats they quote.Still, as long as you take those sorts of numbers with a grain of salt, the behavior based informatoin provided is quite helpful and useful. Highly recommended!
"Plenty" is delectable enough to make committed carnivores salivate. Everything about is sumptuous. Lavish photography, a padded binding, and then there are the vegetables and the food they go into creating, food such as "Stuffed Portobello with melting Taleggio" that is so creamy and smooth and wonderfully pungent.I counted more than 120 recipes. They're organized into 15 chapters. Each chapter is given over to one vegetable "Funny Onions," "Mushrooms," or one food grouping, such as "Leaves Cooked and Raw" or Zucchini and Other Squashes." To a recipe, each of Ottolenghi's creations is something special and could be served again and again as a main dish to meat eaters.It's my guess that at least one and probably more of the recipes will be filed with your favorites, to be prepared and served on special occasions. Any cook can prepare the dishes and the ingredients are easily found. In addition to the Taleggio my two "must have often" are "Soba noodles with eggplant and mango" and "Lemon and goat cheese ravioli." Because of the variety of colors and textures, all the dishes are great to look at. In appearance and presentation, one of the best is "Surprise tatin" a potato tart caramelized with tomatoes and onions.Ottolenghi owns four crazy-popular eponymous London vegetarian take-aways and this year opened a new sit-down restaurant "Nobi." He writes a weekly column - vegetarian - in London's "Guardian." His feet are firmly planted on the non-meat area of the food pyramid. The recipes in the cookbook are compiled from his weekly newspaper column.My guess is that "Plenty" is to quickly become a classic that will find a prominent place in most cook's cooking corner. My only gripe is with the seller. I ordered the book in April and had to wait until June for it to arrive. What the heck took so long?
First of all, if you've seen the movie version, my sincere condolences.This book was mesmerizing.  Although the writer has the reader jumping all over time and space, the flow is effortless.  Henry and Claire's love story should be up there with Romeo and Juliet, in my opinion.  There is plenty of sadness in this story and yet you are not left completely depressed and hopeless.  I wept at the beauty of the closing chapters and the entire experience of reading this book was wonderful.I would recommend this book to any and every adult I know.  There are some mild-moderate sexual passages, but I felt they were handled tastefully and did not seem to disturb the quality of the book in any way.
I liked the psychology angle but there isn't really much new here.  It was easy to read and I think that if one follows it, success can be achieved. I thought it if provides good information for a person who has just started to want to learn about how to become more financially successful.  The stories added interest to the reading.
The best and truest use of Finnegans Wake is to practice the divination called "bibliomancy".  In bibliomancy, you open a book to a randomly determined passage and peruse the selected text for insight into a question or problem so vexing that you've turned to divination for answers.  Traditional books for this purpose are the Bible and Homer.The Bible and Homer are not ideal for this purpose the way Finnegans Wake is, though.  With them, you're likely to light on something like a genealogy, a ship catalogue, or instructions for the curtains on the Tabernacle.  But every page of Finnegans Wake is properly oracular, laden with obscure hints that might actually shed prophetic insight on the topic at hand.  No other book is its equal for this purpose.And, of course, Finnegans Wake also has the advantage of being inerrant in all matters of fact clearly stated therein.
A well written book with an interesting subject matter.  I had already read this book; purchased it as gift for a friend.
This book is absolutely wonderful! Anyone truely interested in web design will benefit greatly!The author is very knowlegable in the web medium and gives extensive detail into some of the most important and least looked at areas of design... the design itself! That's right, this book won't serve as a complete HTML guide. The book does talk a lot about HTML, it's stucture and propoer use and functure as well as gives lots of code examples. Same for javascript. But this book is mostly geared towards design issues. Where do you but the navigation bar on a website? How big to make your buttons? How should you organize the site? What are the steps to creating a web project? What kind of site models could you use? How to best use the web technologies available to create usable content.The book emphasises a balance between form and function and talks a lot about usabillity, something that is of utmost importance in making interactive media. This book will guide you through the thinking behind interface desing concepts and aesthetic issues as well.Easy to read and superbly written, this book is great! Some other reviews have displayed a dislike for it's focus on design principles and concepts instead of code the underworkings. While the book will infact give you good examples of use of HTML and Javascript as well as tons of info about these technologies (and brief intros) it was not meant to be a code manual. The name is &quot;web DESIGN: the complete refrence&quot;... if you want a code primer or refrence or beginners guide to making simple web pages get a different book. This book however gets you thinking about the issues of desinging usable websites that you probably never considered and that up until now, many books have been completely ignoring.
The brothers Heath have pulled the rug out from under conventional marketing. Rather than an outline for making our ideas more memorable, "Made to Stick" brings to life the six principles of sticky ideas, the ones that people get stuck to. Keeping your ideas "simple", "unexpected", "concrete", "credible", "emotional", and presenting them in the guise of a "story" are all essential elements to turning our ideas from hand-outs to Velcro. Whether a marketer, a teacher, a presenter, or someone who is fascinated by ideas and what makes some of them great, "Made to Stick" is recommended for you.
This was my first exercise VHS tape I ordered.  My results, my bottom smooth down and my stomach flat. This was maybe about thirty plus years ago.
Mansfield was in competition with Virigina Wolf during her short life - the one female writer who could compete with the proverbial literary giantess of the pre-war era (as Wolf herself admitted - she respected the former's talent).  I think Mansfield ranks as true literary bloom of the first quarter of the 20th century as a generality, hobnobbing with Irish talent like Joyce and fitting into that stage that also held T. E. Lawrence and John Buchan - the male writers always dominating.  Mansfield represents the rank outsider, not male, not "English" but breaking through into recognition while she lived.Her writing is distinctly impressionist in flavour.  Sentences broken and stories only half complete.  But she writes beautifully, often echoing her impending death from TB.  An outsider with her sexuality in how she experimented including a brief pretence of motherhood and her spirituality.  She attended Gurdjieff's centre and was obviously fond of the pragmatism of certain Eastern traditions compared to the prevailing cult.But she only reveals so much in her writing.  So much remaining unsaid.  Happy stories like "Bliss" and funny stories like "The school mistress".  So many details from life at the time like ships, parties, schools, courtship, and the lives of ordinary people from the well bred elites to the downtrodden poor.  Mansfield frequently displays a sympathy for the underdog and cries out about the transience of things and the lack of stability in pleasure - vaguely Buddhist even ...  But her stories are yet so English with glimpses of her native New Zealand from which she was divorced.  She write well about the dazzle of things like summer or flowers, children, sounds and people - everything highlighted.  She is so good with colloquial speech and represents it well ... conversations that bring out sentiments of characters and in the reader.You can't get enough of this genre.  The only genre she knew.  Little cartoons of short stories, almost always making a point, sometimes sharp but not overtly moralistic.  Everything is so precise, a melody from the heart.  This like any other collection of her work is worth attention, to read or as a gift.The introduction is good and Mansfield will probably for ever remain not too well known but a gem to those who find her.
This was my first Ian Mcewan book and it was truly magnificent.  It is a must read!  Rather than re-encapsulate the plot as previous reviewers have done so well, I would prefer to make a few other observations about this fine novel.First, my experience reading the novel was that it WAS NOT a slow read, but,  I ,in fact, did read it slowly because I wanted to relish and savor each wonderful page.The book brought me back to my childhood middle school English teacher who first introduced my class to the form of the novel with Dicken's "Great Expectations".  From that day forward, I always thanked her for teaching me how to appreciate this form and I definitely do put ATONEMENT in the same classic category as "Great Expectations".  My English teacher nearly 40 years ago told us that a novel can reflect an entire lifetime of its characters or a period of a few years of their lives or merely about one day!  I could not conceive a story about ONE SINGLE DAY and her teaching confused me but I accepted it and learned what else I could. Now, with ATONEMENT, I fully appreciate her teaching because Mcewan does both.Also, the characters and the plot revolved around one VULGAR four letter word which I choose not to type here because I want this review to clear the editors.  You will have to get the book and read it to find that one word.Thirdly, for writers or others interested in creative writing, sprinkled throughout the novel, the author muses on the craft of writing and although these paragraphs don't necessarily advance the plot of this novel so much, they are nevertheless fascinating and insightful.  WRITERS, read this book for those few paragraphs!...
Did the narrator in this piece love Jim or think him a fool? Did the narrator respect Jim, feel sorry for him, or what? What a tale of the sea, of cowardice, of primitive river people and of heroics! A must read for those wishing to avail themselves of the classics.
This is a short book that simplifies Roberts Rule's and puts it in plain, modern language. Rarely do people need to truly follow Robert's Rules for meetings, but in the instances where the rules are followed it is an essential reference.
In a phenomenally personal story Terry Trueman takes us into the mind of a profoundly, developmentally disabled cerebral palsy sufferer who's also a quirky, insightful, vibrantly alive 14 year old. However this kid is pretty much input only. Who can tell what goes on in the mind of a child who cannot even control his own eye blinks?While the protagonist in this story is unable to communicate with anyone in his world , this book gives us an inner monologue that shows us a unique individual who's glad to be alive and who is relishing each and every new life experience with the wonder of a child (and sometimes that of a horny kid). This kid's inner monologue connects with the reader on a level that books seldom do. Written by the father of just such a boy, this book may even afflict the reader a bit too, only the body parts that the sympathetic reader will be unable to control are the tear ducts. And yet for the most part this is NOT a sad, maudlin, tear-jerker of a book.One really needs to read this oneself to experience the full effect but even the visceral dread that one experiences as the kid describes his fear that his father may end his life in order to spare him continued suffering is only accentuated by the feel of having so few pages remaining unread in the book.I've rated Terry Trueman's other book Inside Out as being an unsung work of genius, this, his first book, is perhaps even better. If you ever wanted to really fulfill that old adage about understanding someone by walking a mile in his moccasins, pick up one of these books.
This book is quite good and i simply loved it. But a few of my friends downright hated it.This is what the book actually does to you, you either hate it or love it!!!!But you have to read it to find that out.Right?SO  go ahead and judge this book for yourself.
How often we take for granted those in our lives... or more simply, that there will even be a tomorrow. This book is a reality check on our own mortality. I personally was captivated, enlightened, and saddened all at the same time and fortunately I walked away with at least two gems that will serve me well for the rest of my days... and hopefully, that's a lot of days!
Honestly, I am recommending this book solely on the last three or four chapters where he talks about the Fitzgeralds.  In those pages, Scott Fitzgerald comes to life and is held immortal in its print. The rest of the book is interesting and held my attention even though I don't know who everyone is that he talks about.  I recognize their names though - Gertrude Stein, Ezra Pound - and believe those parts would have been a lot more enjoyable if I had already read their work.  One thing at a time ... I'll get to them eventually. It would also help to be familiar with the layout of Paris for he describes his the routes of his walks in detail.It strikes me, though I am not a writer, that this book should be read by anyone who aims to write.  He describes the &quot;writing process&quot; and talks about what worked for him and what didn't.  More importantly, he talked about being hungry as a new writer ... words of encouragement no doubt when those to follow his footsteps and wonder if hunger is the precursor to failure.
This is a fascinating book, with plenty of good advice for investing in rental properties and learning to live off the income produced by your investments. Schaub talks about finding deals, negotiating for better terms, using agents, managing your properties, and protecting your key assets. The paragraphs below briefly discuss three of his key points.Schaub's chapter on learning how to work yourself out of your day job hit home with me. Isn't this a goal we all share? Schaub's plan is easy to understand, but not necessarily easy to follow. In my action plans, I first wanted to be able to pay my electric bill with income that had spun off my investments. After reaching that goal, I wanted to pay my phone bill, car insurance, etc. I kept working to build investment income sufficient to pay my bills. Eventually, I reached a point where my investment income has almost equaled my work income. I'm using the bulk of my work income to make investments. Schaub suggests using your investment income to replace your need to work. I suggest you keep working, and use you work income to make bigger investments.Schaub's entire thesis rests on the concept of buying quality properties that you manage and control, and striving to pay them off within a ten-year period. When you approach retirement, theoretically you will have the income of these properties flowing into your bank account. This is a great idea, and certainly doable; however, maintenance, tax, and insurance expenses will never go away. So don't forget that maintenance alone may eat up to 40% of your gross income. Insurance and taxes will eat another 10-20%.Schaub talks about owning property out of town, and this is important info for all investors. Your main concern is control. I learned my lesson the hard way here. I owned a home free and clear in a different state. However, my property manager seen to it that every month I had a significant maintenance costs, such as $325 for removal of used stove. $459 for removal of tree roots from pipes under house. Month after month I put up with these outrageous costs, that I would have handled for pennies if the home was within a hour's drive of my home.Schaub suggests you Focus on making small deals that you can understand and control. For example, a small investor can earn sufficient returns from several single-family homes in good neighborhoods, without having to negotiate for malls and apartment complexes, or get over your head in partnerships and complex land development deals.You may also want to read "Think and Grow Rich" by Napoleon Hill and "The 17 Principles of Creating Wealth" by Phillip Collinsworth.
The way the characters were developed was outstanding, and all had their own idiosyncrasies and were well entwined with each other. I loved the way she got under the skins  of the  people of charleston, and played some of that in her main characters. Great plot, but we lost Lewis too soon.Jill bertrand
This was the first book I have read by this author, but it was excellent and I passed it onto my friends to share.
Andre Dubus III's House of Sand and Fog gave me another hint of mortality, not solely because of the tragic tale.  I now find that one of my favorite writers is the son of one of my favorite writers.  (Amis and Amis, Buckley and Buckley also come to mind.)  This book is a nuanced tale with five very  strong main characters in the best traditions of the old tragedies.  An  Iranian colonel who has fled with his family to America following the fall  of the Pahlavi government, finally seizes an opportunity to put that family  back on a financially comfortable plain.  He buys, at a tax auction, a very  modest bungalow in a San Francisco suburb.  He is pleasantly suprised when  he learns that house could be sold for as much as four times what he paid  for it, and unpleasantly surprised when it appears the county erred in  seizing and auctioning the property.  Although he is on firm legal ground,  the moral ground is a swamp, populated by two reptilian characters, Kathy,  a recovering drug abuser cum housecleaner, and Lester, a philandering  deputy sheriff.  The themes of self interest, denial, greed, moral  certitude, moral ambiguity and xenophobia run like golden threads through  this novel.  Dubus III is an original voice and this novel is a  breakthrough.  The story is complex and rich.  You only get a glimpse of  his ability in his collection of short stories, The Cagekeeper.  Buy this  book.  By far, the best I've read in a while.
Scholarship is lacking in this book, but that is not its objective.  Keegan takes a look at some major battles and tells them from the perspective of the soldier rather than the leaders.  This is perhaps the most &quot;human&quot; work of military history in print.
I loved this book for two reasons.  The story is elegant, thoughtful and thought provoking.  The second reason is the outstanding narrator!  Colin Firth does an excellent job, beautifully reading a beautifully written book.  This book compares love and hate, faith and doubt in such a profound way you find yourself thinking about it long after you have stopped listening.  The main character (protagonist) is very unlikable at first as he remembers a love affair he had but lost too soon.  Then, he meets up with her in the present which renews the deep feelings he had/has for her.  There is also a theological component to this story which is very well done.  Can't give too much away, but this story is a treasure.
CompTia has revised the Network+ exam to try and stay up with the latest in network and networking technology.  In looking at the exam this book is the final piece to the certification puzzle.Understanding that this book should be used to concentrate on the major points or objectives, it makes the perfect companion to the All-In-One Study guide.In 384 pages Meyers' once again shows why he is one of the most respected names in the certification arena today.From a great breakdown of the OSI model to network hardware and media to topologies, standards and protocols, Meyers lays out a track to certification success.Making sure that you can understand the concepts there is review questions at the end of each chapter  as well as exam tips and tricks throughout the book.Finally there is a cd included with practice exam software from ExamWeb which gives you the opportunity to practice before going live. Overall this is a great add-on study tool and should make the final preparation easier.
Holy moly! You wanna talk about a dysfunctional family? Here it is. It's during the years of WWII. The author's father is off fighting for God and country, and her mother is having a delayed adolescence, so author Lorna Sage is shipped to her grandparents house somewhere in rural England. Her grandparents are weird, weird, weird, but it is their very faults that ultimately make Sage, a well-known and powerful literary critic, into the person she becomes.Her grandfather is a debauched, intellectual, furious and infuriating vicar whose idiosyncrasies were seemingly limitless. Her grandmother's rage at her lot in life and the man who was responsible for it (and by extension, ALL men) never once abates - and you almost champion her for her constancy.Bad Blood reads as wicked fun with a strongly feminist underlying message. I loved it.
The characters were wonderful.  I felt as if I were right there sharing the adventures of Claire and Jaime.  What a Hero!! He is every woman's idea of the perfect mate - or should be. I couldn't put the book down.  A must  read for every one with a romantic bone in their body.  This will  definitely be a re-read, several times over!!!!!
I'm a huge Wodehouse fan, grew up reading him, but I have to say that this particular book is more pedestrian than most of his work. The premise of two consciousness switching corporeal forms is a time-tested plot device, and here it's dressed up with the screwball antics and snappy language one expects from Wodehouse. The gist of it is that the newly minted Earl of Havershot heads off to America to rescue his alcoholic cousin Reggie from the perils of Hollywood dames and booze. Being a very traditional Wodehouse hero (average looking, kind hearted, more or less hapless, and somewhat dense), he manages to become besotted by a vapid movie starlet. Alas, soon after his arrival in Hollywood, he suffers a severe toothache and visits a dentist, resulting the application of the titular vapors.Whilst under the influence, his consciousness gets swapped with that of Joey Cooley, a bratty little child movie star who is having a tooth pulled in the office next door. Wacky antics ensue, as the Earl must succumb to the strict regime of the movie star under contract, including a wholly unpleasant diet, and a packed schedule of publicity appearances. As it happens, his former fiancee is on the scene as a press agent, as is his bon vivant cousin. From then on, wacky antics ensue, as the Earl learns the true colors of his movie star love, realizes the fine qualities of his ex, and of course everything ties up rather neatly at the end. Along the way, Wodehouse is given licence to draw upon his own experiences to poke very mild fun at life in Hollywood. The book feels somewhat rote, probably because it's such a familiar premise, and it reads as if someone took it and applied a Wodehouse-wash to it, and then set it out to dry. My favorite part is actually the very beginning, where the Earl sits in the Drones Club attempting to start telling his wild story. All in all, it's Wodehouse, so of course it's worth reading, but most of his output is much better.
That basically summarizes this book. Success, in the eyes of the world, can result in personal tragedy.The author, Ab. Cahan, was a fervent socialist and ardent trade-unionist. He wrote this novel in English for a major American magazine, McClure's. At the same time he was the editor of the world's largest Yiddish newspaper, The Jewish Daily Forward. The collected stories were  published in book form in 1917.David Levinsky, who is orphaned when his mother is killed by anti-Semitic peasants in his hometown in Russia, makes his way to America. This book is his story, the tale of a man who by hook and crook, makes his way in the world, alone.He learns English, he becomes an American and he also becomes a very wealthy businessman, a factory-owner and big shot. However, he cannot shake his loneliness and desire for a wife and family.Actually, what he really needed was a good psychotherapist but, unfortunately, he was at least thirty years too early for that.I found the book fascinating with its vivid descriptions of life among the Eastern European Jewish New York immigrant population. It reminded me of the work of Horatio Alger, the great American juvenile author who described the trip from rags to riches.Unlike Alger's heroes, however, David Levinsky is hopelessly neurotic.He finds the opportunity for misery in the most fruitful situations. This is a man who, while being a talented businessman, really screws up interpersonal relationships, especially with women to whom he is attracted.If you read the book, which I do recommend, get the Penguin paperback edition as another reviewer suggests. You will be glad that you did. I got mine used since it doesn't seem to be offered new at this time.Enjoy.
If you have seen the movie and have not read the book, you should make it your first priority to read it. This book is 10 times better than the movie, and I thought the movie was amazing.  The movie skips many great details that this novel has to offer.  Crichton does another wonderful job with this book and I recommend it to any Crichton fan or Jurassic Park lover.
I've been writing professional C code for over 3 years and coding in C for much longer and I think this is a must have for all C programmers. Love the writing style... love the mode of teaching... everything.
A Painted House is set in 1952 on a cotton farm in Arkansas. It  is written from the perspective of a young boy named Luke. Harvesting has just begun and the Chandler family has hired &quot;hill people&quot; and Mexicans to bring in the crop. This mix of new people upsets the balance on the farm.  During the following weeks, Luke witnesses several dramatic events and is asked to keep many secrets.  These events threaten the Chandlers livelihood and cause Luke to grow up quickly.  Grisham paints a vivid portrait of rural life in the 50s. The characters are both believable and well developed.
This was a very interesting book...a good story with lots of information about the area, the medical profession, the difficulties , emotions, love, and  relationships of the people involved....
A defining moment in my life was the reading of this book and 'a nation of victims'. We can take back our power when we stop blaming and assume responsibility. "we are free to act..or to be acted upon".
The protagonist of the novel finds herself caught in a huge dilemna.  She soon discovers that her best friend had become the next victim of a psychotic killer who lures his victims through the personal ads.  She even decides to place herself in danger in a desperate attempt to seek out the killer and to place an end to his terror.  The author is an expert at creating believable and realistic characters and situations, that it will be impossible to put this book down.
I was skeptical about this book....and actually..i skimmed right through most of it pretty fast. What caught my attention was all the happy little quotes spread out through the book. I really liked those a lot. I share them often and contemplated cutting them out and pasting them where I could see them often. I often use those quotes as facebook or myspace status updates. I'm not sure if this book was well put together in my opinion but it's a book i refer to often.
I really enjoyed the book and, also, the movie version.  Being a senior citizen, it made me realize I can step out anytime and try something new.
You can neglect all the reviews and go straightly to any local bookstore to read the first chapter which describes the game "Liar's Poker". You will buy it then, I bet. It's not a trading book which I had expected, but a true story told by a bond salesman in Salomon Brothers about how bankers "stole" or sometimes "robbed" investors shamelessly. Though I still found two chapters quite boring, the rest are really interesting. Even you may not like the story, you will learn to be more careful when your private or personal banker calls you for a deal or two! Finally, I must agree with Management Today's comment that it "Should be made a legally required component of every MBA course".
This was a quick, fun read and an interesting story told by an autistic narrator.  I'm a big fan of the TV sitcom The Big Bang Theory and the main character here reminded me a lot of my favorite character Sheldon from the TV show.  I also enjoy math and liked when Christopher talked about his math problems.  I haven't interacted with autistic people as an adult and it was interesting to see the inner workings of this one example of an autistic mind.  I definitely recommend this book.
Extremely compelling and hard to put down or stop thinking about. This very talented writer writes convincingly in the voice of a woman as well as an Iranian colonel. Fascinating and enjoyable it shows trouble spiraling out of control, something most people can probably identify with on some level.
Learn the value of friendship with one of the most delightful duos in all of children's storytelling! Perfect bedtime stories or beginner's reading books, kids love the animorphed amphibians and funny adventures. Buy one and you'll have to get them all!J. Lyon LaydenThe Other Side of Yore
Catcher in the Rye is a book I have read, and reread over the years with deep satisfaction. As an adolescent, this book was sometimes like a best friend, a comfort and reassurance that I was not alone in my &quot;outsider&quot; view of the world. The narrator - Holden Caulfield - is a classic &quot;outsider&quot; in the Colin Wilson sense of the word - an individual who is on the fringes of society, unsure of his place and unable to tolerate what most people regard as regular social discourse. Everything reeks of phoniness to Holden, and most of the characters he encounters in his New York sojourn do have pretensions that would make those of us who are more cynical cringe. Yet he remains a uniquely likeable character, as we can see that he has the capacity to love, and he sees a special innocence in children which is best portrayed through his relationship with his little sister Phoebe. There is no real plot to this book, it is strictly the observations of society through the eyes of one everyman who may or may not resonate with the reader. What astonishes me is how this book can make people feel connected to something rather than more disconnected. Perhaps that is it's greatest achievement - it leaves the reader with a sense that they are not alone in their feeling of disenfranchisement with contemporary society. It is also screamingly funny at times, and occasionally quite sad. It certainly isn't for everyone, but those who love this book will probably always have a special place for it in their hearts.
I read this book over a year ago and it still has major cranium space!  As a teacher it really helped me understand Autism in a witty way.  It is a quick read, and it is an important read.  Enjoy!
This is a good introduction book to social media and different platforms for business owners that are new to this.  Easy read, good case studies and examples, and great introductions to numerous social media platforms like Facebook, Twitter, etc.  If you are a knowledgeable person of social media, don't expect anything too new from this book.  You will definitely take away a few good ideas from this book.
If you are a fan of the War of the Roses period and you've read many books on it, I strongly recommend this one. Rather than repeating some of the same old facts, speculating about what actually happened independent of source material, or arguing for one side or the other, this book brings the period alive in ways I haven't seen yet.Seward picks five disparate characters, including Edward IV's mistress Jane Shore, and shows how it felt to be alive during that period of civil war from their perspective. What I enjoyed about the book was - FOR ONCE - you are not just hearing about the war of the roses from the nobles' perspective.For example, by using Jane Shore to illuminate London mayoral politics, you learn more about London, which was fascinating in that period. You learn about Edward IV's interaction with a completely different group of people - the merchants - who were not only critical in his military victories but also a huge part of his everyday life as a merchant.I do agree that Seward may not be the perfect introduction to the period - in fact if you are studying for an exam it definitely wouldn't be. However, the war of the roses is incredibly complex and for anyone trying to learn about the period, they will need to read *several* (if not half a dozen) books to really begin to get it. No one book really sums it up perfectly.It should be noted that this book has a more commercial and less academic tone. Frankly, I think this is great. The period is so complex and yet fascinating. More people in the general public would be interested in the period if more accessible books were written.I also thought that Seward does an admirable job with his analysis of Clarence's downfall. He sheds some light on events before the Ankarette Twynyho affair that reveal an admirable level of research on Seward's part.
Enjoyed Klout Matters. It's helpful for both novices and experienced pros alike in explaining what it takes to boost your personal and business brands online. Read the whole book in a couple nights but learned enough to pass it on to colleagues at Organik Consulting, Michigan's fastest growing digital marketing and communications firm. The authors show and explain why online reputation is becoming increasingly important (Klout outnumbers all it's competitors combined) and show how it will matter more in the future. Following their advice and tips will help any brand grow.
Emma of Normandy was born around the year 985, and was married to two different kings of England: Aethelred, called the Unready; and Cnut, the Dane who conquered England after Aethelred proved himself to be completely incompetent as a king. Emma greatly despised her first husband, but she was much more compatible with her second. Emma was also the mother of two kings: Harthnacnut and Edward, called the Confessor; and she was the great-aunt of William the Conqueror. Emma was Queen of England by dint of her marriages, but she emerges as an interesting figure in her own right, especially since she managed to remain Queen even while in exile. A Hollow Crown covers the period of her life from 1002-1042, from her wedding to Aethelred up through the death of Harthnacnut.In addition to her other accomplishments, Emma had a biography written of her--the Encomium Emmae, which conveniently focuses on the reign of her son Hartnacnut and leaves out Emma's first husband--medieval propaganda at its finest! You have to admire a woman who had the audacity to do such a thing. The author portrays Emma's relationship to Cnut as a love match, but there was equally a lot of political maneuvering there as well.In terms of reading, I'm a bit deficient in historical fiction set pre-Conquest. Although I know a lot about the late medieval period, I don't know much about the earlier stuff, and this novel was an entertaining, engaging way to learn about the 11th century as told from the point of view of one of history's forgotten queens. Emma is a strong, independent woman, but not too modern--I loved the scene where she finally stands up to Aethelred and throws a stool at him! Emma's definitely not a woman I would have wanted to double-cross! I really enjoyed following Emma's character development, from shy bride to a woman who, born Norman, became more English than the English themselves. Helen Hollick is a marvelous writer, bringing the events and people of long ago to life. It's hard to believe that all of this happened nearly a thousand years ago, since the author makes it seem as though the events of this book happened yesterday!As the author says in her note at the end, "I find it very frustrating that the rich, varied and wonderful culture of England pre 1066 has so casually been swept aside by those who wrote of and recorded the post-1066 kings." It's said that history is written by the victors, and I think that was especially true of the Normans when they invaded England, sweeping aside Saxon history as though it had never happened. The time of the Danish invasions was a brutal one, to be sure, but I think a lot of good came out of that period as well. A Hollow Crown is a prequel to Harold the King, written before this one but of course set afterwards.
This book's publication, by IBM Press, was timed to coincide with the 100-year anniversary of the founding of the Computing-Tabulating-Recording (C-T-R) Company by financier Charles Flint on June 18, 1911.  Thomas Watson Sr. joined C-T-R in 1914, the company's name was changed to International Business Machines in 1924, and the rest is history.  Indeed, that's what this book is--a history of the events surrounding and accompanying IBM, written by three journalists IBM "reached out to," who have covered IBM and its industry for a number of years.  Basically, this book chronicles IBM's technical and management development and its many accomplishments over the years.  If you're a dedicated IBMer, this book should make you proud.  If you've been an IBM critic over the years, you should look elsewhere for ammunition, because you won't find much here.  If you are a technology layperson with an interest in the company and its impact, I think you'll enjoy these 320-plus pages of IBM's story.The book is well-written and easy to read.  The three authors have backgrounds writing for publications like Business Week, USA Today, Fortune and Wired, so there's no overly technical stuff.  As you'd expect to see in magazines such as these, there are plenty of photos, some of which are bound to bring back memories for many readers:  (very) old computers, "IBM cards," big tape drives, typewriters, early PCs, etc.There is a short forward written by Sam Palmisano, the current chairman and CEO, and then the book is broken into three parts corresponding to the three authors.  Although others may come to a different conclusion, I found the first part, by Kevin Maney, to be the most interesting.  Maney develops the stories associated with much of IBM's advancement of information processing technology.  He groups his part of the book into six categories:1. Sensing:  The mechanisms by which information gets into computers.2. Memory:  The way computers store and access information.  Anyone past puberty has seen enormous strides in this area.3. Processing:  The core speed and capabilities of computers.  Ditto on the enormous strides.4.  Logic:  The software and languages computers use.  Anyone remember ALGOL?  Or what FORTRAN stood for?5.  Connecting:  The ways computers communicate with us (and other machines).6.  Architecture:  The ways advances come together to create new systems.Again, I found Maney's part of the book the most interesting.  On the other hand, if I were a business major, I think I might have preferred Steve Hamm's part, "Reinventing the Modern Corporation," because Hamm develops the long and interesting story about IBM's intentional creation of a major business culture.  If you know anything about this company, you know what I mean.  Hamm address topics like:1.  How does a company define and manage itself?2.  How does an organization create value?3.  How does an organization operate in a global economy?4.  How does an organization engage with society?Okay, now the third and last part of the book, by Jeffrey O'Brien.  If I were a long-time, loyal IBMer, this might be my favorite part of the book.  O'Brien covers numerous examples of how IBM has affected the world we live in.  This part of the book reminds me of all those "I'm an IBMer" commercials you see on TV nowadays.  To be fair, IBM has done a lot, and it's no surprise that the company wants to celebrate (through this book) some of its accomplishments.In short, this book is both an excellent history and a celebration of the successes of one of the most influential companies in history.  If you want to know more--given an understanding of the book's objectives--then it certainly merits your consideration.
Twelve wonderful gift to share with your child as you read to them.  This makes a great gift for a new parents or grandparents to share with a child.
I received _Who Moved My Cheese?_ as a Christmas 2000 gift.The book languished on my bookshelf for a good three weeks when I decided to give it a whirl.  It was, after all, a Christmas gift and the guilt involved in ignoring a gift increases exponentially over time._Cheese_ is split into three major sections.  The "pre-story" which sets the stage for the actual story by first giving some background about how the story came to be.  Second, the author creates a fictional gathering of friends... one of whom tells the actual Cheese story.  The writing in these two sections almost forced me to stop reading altogether.  The characters are terrifically simplistic and dull... the dialog follows suit.  Remember junior high?  Think about the stories you read then, dumb them down a bit, and you're ready to go!The actual _Cheese_ story kicks in and, well, it's actually worth it.  The lessons hover around the basic idea that "Change creates opportunity" which is a good thing to remember when your life is good.  It's even more important (and harder to remember) when life is hard.The story delivers the message in a palatable way using the metaphor of mice (and little people?) looking for cheese in a maze.  The reason I'm not ripping on this portion of the book is that the simple messages continue to pop into my mind for the next few days and was actually useful in extricating me from sticky situations.The final part is how our fictional gathering of friends felt and dealt with the story.  I have no idea what happens here as I'd had just about enough of Nathans, Angelas, and Carlos antics and set the book down for good.It is amusing to hear and read about people who have an intense negative knee-jerk reaction this story.  They appear either to believe the book is an attempt at brainwashing or that it's message is just too obvious and; therefore, useless._Cheese_ is neither.  _Cheese_ creates a pleasant metaphor for delivering a simple message.  Change always creates opportunity.
In short, the untold story of Richard the Third obliquely narrated from the sickbed of a commonsensical 1950's police detective.  If Britain's Wars of the Roses hold any interest for you, in any way, this belongs in your reading.
As with Music & Silence, this is a historical novel with modern inflections. There are familiar Rose Tremain elements: the supernatural may play a part (both Wise Nell and the astrologer seem to be pretty accurate in their prognostications), although we can never be quite sure. Like other Tremain novels, Restoration is difficult to pigeonhole - part fable ('rags to riches'), part magical realism, part warts-and-all documentary. Most importantly, Tremain distinctively lets the characters and events speak for themselves, and we never feel the author's presence. More than ever, the characters seem unusually real.Tremain's language, delivered through the medium of its bewigged and dandified hero, Merivel, is almost always convincing, making us readily want to enter its C17 world - and reluctant to leave it. All the more convincing, even, for using vocabulary that I, at least, have never encountered: 'a trundle of drunks', and 'broddled the stove' being just two examples. Admittedly, there were a couple of occasions where the language seemed too modern. A salesman's buy one, get one free offer is using a late C20 marketing ploy (isn't he?), and Merivel's worry that his attempt to relax the troubled minds of the lunatics 'isn't working' again seems discordantly anachronistic. But language is generally a supreme achievement in this book. It rarely, if ever, prevents us from entering Merivel's thinking and feeling brain, or from drawing us into the vividly recreated world around him.Restoration is an apt title. It isn't just Charles II who is restored, but Merivel himself (exactly how, you'll have to find out). And, of course, he's also titular hero of the new sequel, so that his whole world is restored to us.
This is one of the funniest books I have ever read but it is only a hair's breadth away from being over the top and it might not be to everyone's taste.If you were to describe the "hero" of this book, people would probably find him hopelessly exaggerated - a grotesquely fat guy from New Orleans called Ignatius Riley with a bushy moustache who wears a hunting cap, plaid shirt, baggy trousers and fouton.He's a southern version of Seinfeld's slobbish neighbor, Newman, or should we say "Nooman!".At least Newman had a job as a postman whereas Riley regards work as beneath his dignity. His attempts at earning a living as a hot dog salesman come to nothing as he eats most of his stock.Riley lives in poverty with his long-suffering mother and regards himself as intellectually superior to everyone else.There are a host of other over-the-top characters, including the world's most incompetent policeman, all of whom live in similar fantasy worlds to Riley. Much of the dialogue is in New Orleans dialect which adds to the mayhem.Highly recommended.
This is the first and best Georgette Heyer book that I have read. I have read it several times and it continues to be one of my favorites.
Agile practices and design patterns written in a clear, concise way. Granted there are a handful of mistakes throughout the book, and the occasional awkward reference to a pattern that won't be covered for another 5 chapters, but they're easy to spot.The information is presented just right - a little background info, succinct descriptions, and simplified code examples. Outstanding.
I loved the book. It has enough of every genre to keep attention. I tend to get bored easily, not with this one. It has a funky science-fiction tint love story, with out too much of one or the other. But there is action and mystery, and never did I feel one over power the others. Very well writen.
A story told through the eyes of a 15 year old autistic boy, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time is an easy read, though richer meaning can be contrived from many well described simple details.Light in emotions but deep in description - Haddon has obviously used his experience working with autistic children to great advantage. The result,  Christopher Boone. A very raw, well developed character - with realistic ideas about life, and simple views and perspective into humanity.  Other characters introduced and situations explored in the novel are quite complex in detail - however Haddon's writing style provides wonderful insight into these situations, as the reader is able to perceive these instances through Christophers simplistic reasoning.To be completely honest in my review, I'm no genius, and found a lot of the mathematical parts confusing. Haddon has done quite well simplifiying them in layman's terms, though often I found myself skimming over these parts. The content of these parts is in fact of little importance and by skimming over them I was only further emphasising the idea that Christopher Boone is a mathematical genius. And Haddon has done particularly well in conveying this through his novel with colourful descriptions and diagrams.A 2-4 hour read, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time is very well presented. The cover has a hole-punched dog, which looks through to a page of reviews on the novel. This book would make a great gift for anyone from teen to elderly.
A Catholic friend of mine recommended this book as a quick but wonderful weekend read.  Although the book is clearly titled "The End of the Affair," I little anticipated what I was getting into.  Indeed, this book explores the winding down of a passionate affair between Bendrix (your main narrator) and Mrs. Sarah Miles.  As much as I favor modern British literature, reading a tormented, neurotic man's twisted thoughts was not exactly my idea of a great weekend read.  For the first half of the book, I greatly doubted my friend's reading recommendations.However, like in "Till We Have Faces," I found the second half of the book more than justified the first half's wanderings.  Greene uses much of the first half of the book to set the stage; he introduces the main characters, their incredibly complex relations, and their current miseries.  In light of the second half of the book, I have a heightened appreciation of the first half.This understood, the thing I truly admire in the first part is Greene's ability and willingness to capture how multi-faceted our feelings towards others often are.  Novelists often tritely portray a woman's husband and her lover as bitter enemies; Greene does no such thing.  Love and hate are always shown as polar opposites, but Greene shows how they are two sides of the same coin.  Bendrix (and thus Greene) dwells on the characters' glaring flaws of jealousy, passivity, hypocrisy, infidelity, and vast emptiness, and yet a careful reader is able to discern that these characters are truly good.  I have no idea how he does this except for the sympathy that comes from extreme transparency.I don't want to give away what happens towards the end; indeed, it is so complex that I don't know that I could relate it if I tried.  However, as mentioned in other reviews, there is essentially a gravitational pull towards God despite the fact that none of the characters really believe in God.  This book is in no way preachy as nothing - and I mean NOTHING - is preached to the reader as to how he should think, feel or believe.  The author simply shows that through all the swirl of action and emotion, the one thing that continues to make sense is the existence and love of God.  And the presence of this God suddenly hallows the characters that you instinctively knew were good all along.Greene's exploration and approach to such faith are completely brand new to me.  He might have a distinct Catholic perspective or he might just revel in God's love for the realistically sinful man.  Either way, I was left at the end with a strong sense that Greene was a master craftsman.  He was such a craftsman that I didn't catch on to how he pulled off all he was able to pull off by the end.  It's been awhile since I've read such a truly well-written masterpiece, and I am thankful to have read this one.
Magnificent! This is an exceptional first effort. Well written, compelling in every way. I plan to read the rest of the series. The characters are particularly well done. Wonderful.
I had not heard of Alexander Kent until I complained at a book store that they had no copies of Patrick O'Brian's books.  The owner said, "Have you read any of Alexander Kent?"  I had not, and that began a wonderful new adventure.  Kent writes naval stories about the same historical time period as O'Brian, but Kent often has more action scenes, which I thoroughly enjoy. If you like O'Brian, you will love Kent.Prentice Kinser III, D.Min., Author of:Limitless Living, A Guide to Unconventional Spiritual Exploration and Growth
Eric Shanower and Skottie Young's graphic novel is a retelling of L. Frank Baum's 2nd book about the Land of Oz written in 1904. Shanower does a wonderful job of taking the original novel and turning it into a comic, and Young's drawings give the characters new life. The book is the story of what happens after Dorothy and the Wizard leave Oz. So neither of them are in this story.Baum used the first book's publishing success to turn it into a successful musical that made stars of the Tin Woodman and the Scarecrow. This second book was written with the idea of a second musical using these two characters but starring a giant talking bug called The Wogglebug. While the second musical was not a success, Shanower was able to use some of the added dialog of the musical to enhance this comic.The story is about a young boy named Tip who is living with a mean witch named Mombi and runs away with her most prized magic, the Powder of Life, that can give life to inanimate objects. He creates a pumpkin headed wooden man and a living sawhorse, and they travel to the city of Oz to see the Scarecrow who is its ruler.A story element that was timely over 100 years ago about a revolt of the women of Oz under the leadership of General Jinjur is a bit dated today. Jinjur loses a bit of her spicy independence to be just self-centered. Over all though, this is a delightful second collaboration between Shanower and Young to bring the Baum Oz books to life for a new audience.
Requested by a teenager - need I say more!
Easy to read and makes so much sense. The Glycemic Load is different than the Glycemic Index and it is easier to follow.
Another well written and good story from Jo Nesbo. This is the first Det. Harry Hole novel. It takes place in Australia which is a nice change of pace from Norway.
What exactly is the "it" in this story?  That's what the author leaves the reader to discover as you flip through the pages of this intriguing little book.  White pictures and font set against sky blue pages set up this childhood guessing game.  Sometimes it looked like spilt milk, but it wasn't spilt milk. Sometimes it looked like a birthday cake or a squirrel or a tree and so on and so forth. The book provides an excellent introduction for preschool/kindergarten lessons on clouds or as the pre-model activity for some other creative exercise.  Personally, I just like flipping through the book looking at the white on the blue, it's so calming and peaceful. Anyway, a very useful book to use teaching young children that they will enjoy having read to them.
Well writen. Clear and practical. Author share his great experience sailing around the world in a small sailboat and little money. Very good ideas and advises...as a bluewater sailor (30'sailboat) I found myself making changes in my boat that make my life easier out there.
About ten years or so ago I was a student of Ed and Lorraine Warren and went out on cases with them and spent sometime with families having paranormal problems in order to acceptor reject their claims. Believe me, these families are scared.And while I had no part in the stories related in the book, Ican tell you these things go on.Be that as it may, I have a tendency to agree with reviewerMaryland Reader concerning psychic trances. Although I thoughtthe world of Ed and Lorraine, I later came to wonder about thepower behind the trances. Biblically speaking, ALL dallyingwith occult practices (whether considered good or bad) is con-demned.But despite that, it is a good read and will open a fewpeoples eyes.
The story of passionate love without limits of time, distances or age.  Crowned by the City of Cartagena and framed by the Magdalena River, it  depicts the patient wait, although by no means celibate, of Florentino  Ariza, for his beloved woman, Fermina Daza. She had married another man.  His wait, as long and crooked as the river, prepares his reappearance in  the life of this old but young-hearted woman. We do not care how long  because the intensity and beauty of their love make minutes, or hours, or  days, or years, no matter which, barely sufficient. The translation, except  for the title, is superb. Cholera is for the infectious disease not for the  attitude.
If you're new to the field of Computer-Aided Design, then you're about to meet AutoCAD 2011 - and I can't imagine a more user-friendly introduction than Elliot Gindis' excellent "Up and Running with AutoCAD 2011: 2D and 3D Drawing and Modeling." This book covers everything from menus to mouse clicks, and it (gently) guides even novice users through a learning process that is almost certain to prove successful in helping to go from 0 to 60 on this amazing design tool. Highly recommended!
The Things They Carried allows the reader to relive O'Brien's experiences in the Vietnam War and learn the various lessons he teaches through them.A collection of short stories about the experiences of his and his comrades in war, the novel is tied together by the same characters. At times, the stories are exciting, bizarre, sad, and funny. This blend makes the novel unique in its display of all the experiences he faced at war.It is meaningful as it is a way for him to keep the memories of his deceased comrades alive through his stories. Taking the reader up close to the environment of the war, the novel gives a glimpse of the harsh experiences in war, especially having to be exposed to death often.He also admits that he writes as a form of therapy for his regrets and scars from the Vietnam War. An interesting point he makes is that "true" war stories are not ones that are based solely on facts, but are ones that have the ability to move a person and impact their life.An innovative mix of fiction, memoir and nonfiction, this novel gives it's readers a deeper understanding of war and the physical and mental burdens of soldiers. Anyone even slightly interested in war or the effects of it on a soldier or looking for an informative, yet entertaining, book will enjoy this novel.
This is a must read book for beginners since it gives a little bit ofbackground and history of the greatest traders.
I have to say that when I first found out that this book was about going underwater to find the sugar bowl, I thought it was going to be another plain filler, just to make the suspense about Hotel Denouement more intense.Oh, how wrong I was. The Grim Grotto reveals many more secrets about V.F.D., and we learn a lot about Aunt Josephine and her husband Ike- more than we ever knew.I can't say too much about this. But it does remind me a lot like The Slippery Slope. The Slippery Slope had the Snicket file, The Grim Grotto had the sugar bowl. The Slippery Slope Had Quigley, The Grium Grotto had Fiona. The Slippery Slope had ice, The Grim Grotto had water. And other things.However, as similar (sort of) as the two books are, I have to say that The Grim Grotto is MUCH more exciting than The Slippery Slope, which I found rather dull at times (all it is is climbing up and down a mountain).And the ending- the ending is definitely the best of all the books. No, it's not as cliff-hanging as The Carnivorous Carnival. No, it wasn't as sad as The Austere Academy. And no, it wasn't as dangerous as The Hostile Hospital. It is, however, the best ending of all the books, and all I can say is that it connects books 1-10 and shoots forward in a whole new direction. Plus a character from the past is introduced again. *cough cough*If you were disappointed by The Slippery Slope like I was, then don't be afraid- The Grim Grotto is much more exciting, and much more full of ever day lessons. I'll end my review with this quote of the hook-handed man."People aren't either wicked or noble, they're like chef's salad, with good things and bad things chopped and mixed together in a vinaigrette of confusion and conflict." --The hook-handed man, page 223
We bought this for our children after hearing the stories on the Arnold Lobel Audio Collection. Everyone in the family loves it. The stories are classic Lobel - innocent and wholesome and just what a child needs.
The main reason I like the book is it is exciting. I liked when the boy was acting like a man.I like that it is a long book with 12 chapters. This is an action packed book.I didn't like that the boy's father was really sick. I didn't like the fact that the boy's father hid that he was the dragon the whole time. I didn't like how the boys was careless and didn't properly take care of the dragon.I personally feel this is a good book. I feel kids in my age group would enjoy reading it too.
I recommend The Social Media Side Door (#tsmsd) highly. The information contained in the book is practical and immediately useful. I particularly like the tips for reaching people through 1-to-1 Facebook ads. The idea of Media Laddering is also very helpful to me.I admit that I have mixed feelings about writing such a positive testimonial because I'm afraid my recommendation may influence other people to buy the book. "Why is this bad?" you ask. Simply because if more people read this book and put into action the techniques contained in it, then the techniques will become less useful to those of us already using them.The Social Media Side Door is a pleasant mix of practical tips, general observations about social media and a business strategy book. It is well-written and a quick read; even for a slow reader like me.If you buy only one book on how social media can impact your career this year, then this is the book to buy.
It has the common used plot of a geek turned bad boy with his best friend a woman who makes him over and realizes she is in love with him, but I loved it.  I read this book in a day.  It is very fast-paced and full of real witty dialog that had me going til the end.  I would've given the book 5 stars, but my complaint?  Well, the female lead of Tracie (same name as me, so I thought this alone was cool, lol) was somewhat rude at times to the male lead of Jonathan, or Jon.  She was his best friend and only friend and depended on him for support and his genuine friendship, but she kinda took him for granted in so many ways that I found myself cringing at times.She continually pointed out to his face how inadaquate he was and how stupid he dressed and looked.  She kept telling him how corny and boring he was and how he needed to get a life.  I felt bad for Jon and wished he would've said to her that she was a lousy friend.  But enough of the complaints, the book was fun beyond words and had me laughing and in the end biting my nails to find out what would happen(even though I already knew the typical plot).~Tracie Higgins is a writer and journalist and works for a sucessful newspaper in Seattle.  She has a cool boyfriend that plays in a band and is a typical 'bad boy'.  But she also has a best friend named Jonathan who is a guy and is definately NOT a bad boy.  Her problem?  He wants HER to make over HIM from geek to heartthrob!  Can she do it?  All bets are on and what Tracie dicovers makes her heart beat faster...Jon, is quiet and a good friend and son.  Son to about 8 ex-stepmoms to be exact and friend to one.  But Jon hasn't followed in his 'bad boy' father's footsteps.  He works for Micro/Con, a company a lot like Microsoft.  He has stocks and makes great money but works hellish hours.  He looks forward to his nightly get togethers with his very best friend Tracie at the local diner on Sunday nights.  He loves Tracie very much, but Tracie doesn't quite realize just how much he loves her...  He finds himself fed up with his life at 28 years old and wants a change.  Who to do this right?  Tracie of course.  She is notorious for dating 'bad boys' and knows what women crave.After convincing Tracie on bended knee and some begging, she has commited herself to making him a classic bad boy.  But when she succeeds and half of Seattle's women are after him, Jon has no time for her.  Tracie also sees what has been in front of her face all these years and it makes her stomach flip-flop.  Tracie will have to take some inventory on her life and decide what she wants and what she wants is Jon...Worth the money, great book for the beach or a warm afternoon.  This would be a great movie  :)  I am looking forward to reading more of Ms. Goldsmith's books...Tracy Talley~@
This whole series is fantastic  after reading the first book  I could hardly wait to read the next and the next and  actually I think this maybe the  next to last  romantic and historical and characters you care about
I have tried 3 recipes so far & loved them. The parsnip, red onion, sweet potato caper dish is heaven. Superb.
This book is perfect for experienced Java developers who need to get up to speed quickly on C# and .NET.  Since the syntax is SOOOOO similar, this book's quick summary of the syntax is perfectly sufficient for our demographic.  Then it gets into the meat that is what we need to focus on (signing/packaging, ADO.NET, XML/Web Services etc.), covering each of these in a good introductory level.  Folks might also then want to get a detailed book on particular topics of interest.  The book style is quite easy to read (not stereo instructions) except maybe for the chapter on signing assemblies (but that is a pretty dry topic anyway).I don't recommend it for people who don't either already know the C# or Java language;  if you are in this category get an intro C# language book first and then pick this one up.
Most people suffering from Charleen Forrest's specific kind of neuroses would have rushed to the nearest shrink and demanded Prozac. But Charleen just had to suck it up, carry on, and make the best of  her rather bizarre experiences with just trying to get through life, one day at a time.It's a testimony to the skill of Carol Shields that we don't want to smack this woman upside the head and tell her to get herself some help; instead, we end up siding with her, embracing her oddities, and wanting to read more, more, more books by this wonderful author.
I was very pleased with this review book.  It did help with test preparation and gave me a good idea on what to focus on.  The days leading up to the test I used the practice tests to get more of a feel for it and it paid off.
I found the first seventy plus pages slow going and long-winded. I persevered (although I was beginning to doubt finishing it) and was glad I had, because it picked up during chapter eight. Actually I think I was shocked back to consciousness by the use of a word that appeared more prominent because of the blandness of the story until that point!Many of us will at some point have experienced the horror of realising that something we've written might fall into the wrong hands (usually a note in class!) and I felt exactly that for Robbie after he realised his mistake! That was the point that I began to actually care about some of the characters - namely Robbie and Cecelia.For me, parts 2 & 3 of the book made up for it's mundane beginning (and pushed it's rating up to 4 stars)The description of the journey through the countryside to Dunkirk, with all the discomfort and horrors along the way, were so realistic, the feelings so acute that I felt I was literally a fly on the wall.Similarly the descriptions concerning the military regime of the London hospital, the horrific injuries of the servicemen and the tireless care of the nursing staff was both absorbing and moving. However, as much as I respected Briony for throwing herself into her nursing and trying to be a better person, I still found her an unlikable character.The final stage of the story, set in the present day, brought the story full circle and whilst the ending left me dispirited, I could appreciate the authors message and the power that an author has in manipulating an ending to any story if they so imagine it.
Happily married, hard-working, devoted to writing....Morley Callaghan is the perfect antidote to Hemingway.  A good college boxer and pitcher (unlike Hemingway), a graduate of both college and law school (unlike Hemingway), and a reporter (like Hemingway) on the Toronto Star, Callaghan provides a graceful and modest contrast to the vitriol and egotism of Hemingway's "A Moveable Feast."
Death Du Jour is the April book club pick for one of the book clubs I'm in.  This book club loves mysteries and Death Du Jour is an interesting one.  Dr. Temperance Brennan is a Forensic Anthropologist that teaches at a University in Charlotte, North Carolina, and also works in Montreal during her breaks.  It is during the harsh winter in Quebec that Brennan helps to discover the bones of Sister Elisabeth Nicolet, a candidate for sainthood, and also discovers a gruesome mass murder at a burning chalet.  The mass murder becomes a larger web of lies that envelopes Brennan's entire life.  She works with sexy Detective Andrew Ryan to solve the mystery.I really enjoyed this book.  It was a fast paced murder mystery and I really enjoyed the anthropological insights.  I'll admit that we didn't discuss it too in depth at book club today as one member did not read it.  Death Du Jour is the second book in a series, but it was a good stand-alone novel.This review was originally published on my blog, Laura's Reviews.
Jane White does us a favor by letting us know why most of us in the middle class are feeling so squeezed.  Things have gotten worse financially in so many areas.Her main thesis is that there are 5 main reasons most people in the US feel so out of control.  1) We haven't saved for retirement and our companies aren't taking care of it for us like they did in previous generations. 2) Housing costs have risen much more than wages (and inflation) over the past 40 years and banks are happy to dupe unwitting loan recipients. 3) College is more unaffordable than ever in a time where it is more required than ever before. 4) Many are drowning in credit card debt. 5) Big business controls most of the political process (both parties) instead of citizens.Though nothing in the book is earth-shattering news for anyone who has been paying any attention, the book will probably shake people who read it out of complacency.She gives simple rules of thumb about how much to save for retirement and other issues.  Though the rules are simple, they at least give people a good starting point--which is useful when many people are not doing enough to save money for retirement and other expenses.  Some reviewers seem to have taken issue with the simplicity, but I think they've missed the point that she's telling people at least a minimum of what they should be doing if they don't want to run into problems since most people are not even doing this much.If you've read specialized books in any of these areas (such as finance) you probably know a bit more than is presented in this book, but the good part about the book is that it stays fairly simple and doesn't assume the readers know a lot already.Some of the political solutions may be areas in which people take issue, but at least she proposes some ideas about how to fix things.  The solutions are often based on programs carried out by other countries that have been more successful than the non-solutions in the US.  Even if you disagree with some things she says, at least she makes you think about ways to fix things and might prompt you to do something useful instead of just hoping someone else will fix things for you (either politically or personally).It is not the most exciting and entertaining book in the world, but it's a useful primer to help manage the areas in which most middle class people are feeling a lot of pain.
I read this book on the plane flight home from a SANS workshop called Audit and Security Controls that Work.  About 25 percent of the workshop participants were CTO/CSOs from best in class IT shops, companies like Verisign. Tripwire and Bear Stearns.  Needless to say, most IT shops are not best in class, and the rich question the second stringers are asking is: what are the first steps to improve.The first step is senior management commitment to security.  The problem is that CEOs don't read router configuration files and network administrators don't communicate well in terms of business goals.  There is a huge communication gap and very few people are comfortable in both environments.  The author of this book, Linda McCarthy is one of those few people.  She has written a book that could help turn the lights on for a manager.  I really like the subtitle, "Risking the Corporation".  That is what managers do when they make decisions that do not take security into account.  That is a bit scary since only one manager, the CEO, is actually authorized to risk the corporation.  This book can help department heads and CIO types understand the limits to their authority and the need to practice due diligence.I like the use of headings, the sections are only a paragraph or two long so that a senior manager can get nuggets out of the book in as little as five minutes and if they can invest a half hour or two on a plane they can learn enough to begin to get them to rethink their assumptions.  I liked the use of quote pages, where there is a quote from a famous person in information security in large type, but the quotes themselves were not chosen with the care they should have been.  If there is a second edition, I would recommend removing chapter 12, if a senior manager runs into a chapter of nothing but unix commands which they do not understand they will be irritated.  The book is well written and very digestible up to that point, and then boom, in a flash we undo much of the good that has been done.This is a nice set of stories, it is more appropriate for management than any other security book I can remember seeing.  Buy a copy, give it to your boss the day she is leaving on travel.  Ask her to read it on the way home and to schedule a half hour to discuss it when she gets back.  Your organization will be much better off if you do.
Wilding and Behman take us deep into diagnosing problems that can arise under linux. It seems best suited for an experienced developer or sysadmin. The issues it deals with tend to require this. For example, in many instances, the text gives example assembler code, for the x86 architecture. Most programmers, even when debugging, simply do not need to know the assembler version of their code. Or how the stack works.However, for those of you who do, the text can be very useful in explaining what really happens under the bonnet, when you compile and run a program.The book's cover suggests that it can also be useful to power users. I'm somewhat dubious of this. The most that a latter user might do or can do is to hand over a core dump or a screen capture of some diagnostics, to a programmer. Where the latter is the one who avails herself of this book.The book devotes an entire chapter to the GNU debugger, gdb. More readable than the official GNU documentation on gdb. Given gdb's widespread use across of linux, and indeed over most versions of unix, this chapter may be the most helpful in the book, to some readers. It's a usage exposition that is distinct from a reference manual. Also, given the wealth of user interfaces these days, the text shows how to use a UI front end to gdb, called the Data Display Debugger. While some gdb purists might scorn this, and revert to their trusty command lines, others will welcome the DDD.If you have been looking for help on gdb, the book is a good answer.
Craig Larman provides the reader with simple, easy-to-follow examples of UML and pattern application, with few deep theoretical or philisophical discussions of development process.  This style offers the new user of UML  a good guide to applied modeling concepts, without bogging he/she down in  academic arguments.  If you are going to buy a single book to learn UML, I  highly recommend this one, as it goes beyond simply describing the  notation, and illustrates its use through simple guidelines.  Other books  are necessary to fully understand the complexities of UML, patterns, and  design process, but this one fills a huge gap for the beginner market.
Brown's chronicle of the systemic slaughter and betrayal of American Indians at the hands of the US government is the highly readable and heartbreaking history your social studies teacher never told you about.  Dee Brown single-handedly turned back the American myth of the noble settlers fighting the savage Indians and his unimpeachable documentation to original sources has made this the definitive classic of Native American history.
This book has been a great reference for me as I've gone through medical school.  Clear, well written, and with excellent illustrations, the information is easily accessible and quite practical.  It may be a little advanced for beginner students, but it's an absolute must have reference for someone with a need to know pharmacology.
I have like most people heard the name 'Salman Rushdie' ans thought of the auther of The Satanic Verses.  I never imagend myself reading anything by him. Then I read Haroun and the sea of stories which I simply loved.  If you like it read The Never Ending Story by Micheal End.  This is one of those books that I cried at the end of beacause it was so sweet.  I strongly recomd this book to anyone even childre (9 and up)
Great book for PHP newbies, but the title suggests  that the contents will address advanced users.It doesn't.
I read this book a few years ago and I still pull it out from time to time. I love his insight on Love. What it is and what it isnt.
Tender Branson is the last surviving member of the Creedish cult, but not for long as he has hijacked a plane which he intends to crash after he finishes telling his life story into the flight recorder.The book starts and ends with Tender Branson in the hijacked plane where he has nicely served everyone their last meal, landed the plane somewhere so everyone could disembark except the pilot who jumps out with a parachute later on so that Tender can die on the plane himself. He has been telling his life story into a flight recorder the entire book because that is what Fertility, a girl he is fascinated with that can see the future, told him to do. She hates her gift, but tells him about the future so that he can use it in his messiah gig, which he becomes sick of himself and eventually leads to the hijacking.The writing style is very similar to Palahniuk's other books that I have read. There is a lot of repetition to make a point or to add humor, especially when Tender was made into messiah from agents and other media types. Throughout the story, there are injections of the best-selling prayer books that have his name on them, yet he never wrote. Prayers such as The Prayer to Delay Orgasm, The Prayer to Prevent Hair Loss, The Prayer to Silence Car Alarms. He has been turned into a messiah once all the other members of the Creedish cult have killed themselves in response to an apocalypse. The members they have sent out into society to make money to send back to the cult are supposed to kill themselves as soon as they hear the news of the deaths. It takes a while for them to all do it, but they finally do until Tender is the last one standing. The media hounds on this and make him famous.That is the second half of the book, which was amusing, but not my favorite part of the book. I loved the first part where we learn how the Creedish kids try to assimilate into regular culture, but not very well since they seem to be some kind of Amish knock offs. They are experts at cleaning and organizing things. Tender is a maid, cook, butler, gardner and general servant to a rich couple that he has never met in person. They leave him a journal of daily tasks he needs to complete and only communicate through the journal and speaker phone while at work or dinner parties. He knows how to prepare any kind of food and clean anything. The repetition technique was at work during that part of the book with the various cleaning tips, which I found to be hilarious and useful. Maybe someday, I'll run into the need to get blood or some other stain out of various clothing and upholstery, and now I know how!The first part also has the side story about how a suicide help line phone number was misprinted in a newspaper story and gave his phone number instead. When people called, he didn't tell them they had the wrong phone number, but would give them awful advice, like killing themselves. It is this dark, twisted humor that makes me like Chuck Palahniuk. It is also this section of the book where he mentions "suicide girls," which apparently is where the website feature old school '40s and '50s pin-up-style photos of goth, punk and indie girls. He only mentions it in one sentence of the type of people who call the help line, but how it is a super popular phrase. Crazy.
worth every cent it does take you  to a care free , some times turbulent  world of adolescence.  love every word of it
It is refreshing to read a book that I identify so easily with. The personalities and the time frame just work so well for us 30-somethings. The author gives clear time-frames by pointing to music and style and slang from our youth.Aside from that it is really a wonderful love story - silly, beautiful and fleeting. A great treat!
With the economic situation being the way it is and in an attempt to save as much money as possible and play "catch up" for spending foolishly for a long time, I jumped on the opportunity of reading the 1-2-3 Money Plan.While I have to admit that there are no major, shattering revelations and ideas in this book, I still found it to be a very practical and informative book to read.For one thing, I believe it does not hurt to hear some of this information over and over again.  I specifically liked the parts of the book in which the author encourages us to "think, think" before buying anything.  I have found that the more people tell me this, the more I find myself doing it, even despite my first instinct to spend, spend, spend.I also like that this book is set up in easy to follow steps and that the author pretty well spells them out very clearly for us.I also appreciate that this book is written for the average person - and not filled with financial terms that we need a dictionnary to figure out.My particular favorite was about the shopping of store brands - vs name brands.  I have found that, in my case, I have managed to save quite a lot of $$$ doing this for the most part and its validating to read about this in the book.I encourage people to read this book and to make some notes for future spending -
Because I recently read two other books that mentioned this one, I decided it was time to take it on. And it was a lot of fun. Three Victorian gentlemen -- one of whom tells the story -- set out with a pugnacious little dog to enjoy the Thames and a bit of the rustic life. Utterly unprepared, ludicrously overconfident, and trapped by their commitment to their original plan (no matter how wet, cold, or hungry they become), they allow us to recognize our acquaintances and ourselves in many of their idiotic actions. The humor is wry, dry, and often subtle; the anecdotes are charming; and it was easy to read in occasional installments.I think it may have been easier to appreciate closer to its original date of publication (although it was not well received at the time) and would baffle the average teenager today . . . but it's still worth reading if you're beyond that age group.What were the two books that referenced it? One is "Green and Silver" by L.T.C. Rolt -- a richly-described travel narrative of a journey on the inland waterways of Ireland in a narrowboat in 1945, first published in 1949. The other is "Swing, Swing Together" by Peter Lovesey -- a detective novel in which "Three Men in a Boat" is deeply involved. Although it isn't not essential to enjoying the Sergeant Cribb adventure set in Victorian England, I wish I had read it first.That's three book recommendations disguised as a single review. Enjoy!
I thought this book was a little bit over-hyped. Thus, while it is good, I am only giving it 4 stars.  I was expecting something a little more weighty with regard to the substantive issues surrounding reeducation.At times it was funny; at other times it was poignant and touching.  There were two protagonists in the story:  the narrator (his name is never divulged) and the narrator's friend, Luo.  Both the narrator and Luo were gifted teenage boys who were sent away to a remote village to be "reeducated" during the Chinese cultural revolution.The overall theme of the book was not really about the reeducation of these two Chinese boys.  Rather, the book was about love and the romantic relationship between Luo and a demure, beautiful, sheltered and uneducated Chinese seamstress who lived in the next village.  The manner in which Luo courted the Chinese seamstress was to read to her from forbidden books by great writers that had been smuggled into the village in which Luo lived.  Works by the author Balzac were among the books that had been smuggled into the village; Luo read some of these works to his love - - thus, the book's name is Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress.Overall, the book was filled with imagery and was poetically written. I enjoyed the writing style, but I was looking for more of a substantive story line about the trials and tribulations of reeducation.The ending was very interesting.  I won't give it away here, but the book leaves you wondering - were Luo's attempts to educate the little seamstress helpful to him or harmful?  The seamstress does something very surprising in the end that can be viewed as either positive or negative, depending on who you are identifying with in the story.Regardless of whether the end is viewed as negative or positive,  the main thought is that the depth of written words and the beauty of a novel have the power to significantly change lives.  Balzac and the other authors Luo shared with his love certainly had a direct effect on the little Chinese seamstress.I think the book may have had more of an impact on me had I read some works by Balzac first.  Then, I probably would have identified more with the imagery.  I would certainly suggest that one start with an overall knowledge of Balzac's writings. Maybe you will get more out of the book by taking this approach.
My reviews tend to be short.A brief synopsis of the book: The government is out of money, but pretty soon they will be more out of money. The good news, no prediction of inflation until at least the end of 2012. Whoopee! To be honest I am about a third of the way through with the book.  I kind of got this book on accident.  I had no idea the deficit could be so fascinating.  Really.  I haven't been able to put this book down.  If the deficit, the Federal Reserve practices and how congress addresses these issues has ever made your head spin in confusion, your problems have finally been solved.  This book is well laid out and easy to read. It is counterintuitive, the deficit being an easy thing to understand considering a handful of elected officials and economist can't seem to. If you are one of the millions of people who became painfully confused in economics class, or have ever had difficulty trying to decipher the pros and cons of fixing the deficit and America's impending doom around the recession, your pain stops now. Your search for learning is over.A great plus I am gaining from this book is an increase understanding of how to balance my own budget. The author's clear explanation of deficits and balances has made my own personal debt easier to deal with. My debt is not nearly as high as Uncle Sam's. My once looming debt now seems like a piece of cake in comparison to some other government agencies debt problems and solutions.Though I haven't read a lot on this subject, this book is simple enough for anyone who wants to demystify government balances and how they affect us and affect our future. This book may make simple statements that are common now, to the like that when inflation or deflation hits us our standard of living will decline.  His book does not state this,  I want to say for the record,  " decline of standard living" is rather sterile and hard to visulaize.  In my own words decline of living  is not sanitary or clean.  It involves a lot of messes, smells and unclean places. It involves an even greater increase in public places reeking of pee, an even wider spread of bed bugs. It involves the removal and inaccesiblity  of all things that keep the public healthy, clean and happy. " Decline of standard living" is not a neat sentence you read on your laptop. It involves a lot of smells and unclean things the general public should expect to encounter fron here on out.
I haven't ever read a book about Eleanor until this one and Alison does not steer you wrong. Buy it!
Every now and then a novel comes along that plays games with me. It's not until I can view it in it's entirety that I can sort out my opinions on it. Marquez's Love in the Time of Cholera was one of those novels for me. It started out fantastic, a unique story with a well developed setting and well defined characters that I enjoyed. As I continued with the novel, my thoughts began to blur. The characters became blurry for me. I didn't know how to feel about them. My thoughts would change from page to page. Characters that I loved would suddenly seem vile and vice versa. But by the time I finished the novel, Marquez had sealed the deal for me. His beautiful words had won me over and I'm so happy that I chose to read this wonderful work of literature.Love in the Time of Cholera is a love story. It is not your typical love story, however. This story is honest. The characters admit that sometimes love is feigned and at other times love comes as a surprise. It is the story of Fermina Daza, Juvenal Urbino, and Florentino Ariza; three characters that will remain with me for a long time. The setting is Colombia in the early 20th century and Marquez does an amazing job at placing the reader in that setting with it's warm landscape, almond trees, and markets. Florentino Ariza pledges his love to Fermina Daza when they are both in their youth, but the relationship is forbidden by Daza's father. Fermina Daza marries Juvenal Urbino, a doctor who saves the town from the cholera epidemic, and Florentino Ariza spends the next fifty years having various affairs with women who will never match up to Fermina Daza while observing her from the sidelines. When Urbino dies, Ariza once again pledges his love to Daza.This book won the Nobel Prize for literature and I can't argue with that. I don't know if this book would be for everyone though. It is not a fast moving book at all, and I think that it is best read slowly. I'd also recommend that it be read in the summer as it goes nicely with the weather. This book reads like a memoir, a history of lovers. There are emotional highs and lows; anger, betrayal, love, passion, death, deceit, hilarity, honesty, and contentedness. There were times when I found it hard to stick with the book because it seemed stagnant, but it all comes together when observed as a whole and that final picture is a beautiful one. I'm glad that I saw this one through. Marquez has written a true masterpiece of literature and I look forward to visiting some of his other works.
I bought this book just a few years back. This is one of the best book about the mind that I've ever read! Dr Murphy gives examples after examples of how people used the power of their mind to solve problems, heal  seemingly incurable illness and to aquire success. The author himself used  this method to heal a skin maglinancy when he was young, and he's got  concrete results himself. &quot;Ask for bread, and you'll not be given  stone&quot;. And he has one of the most powerful technique to suggest to  the subconscious as well. And he tells you all about it in this book - what  works, why it works, what doesn't work. This is the best secret you want to  know in life. I often use this method to achieve things as well. In 1997, I  had this wish to do so well in my design project that my lecturer will  print it in the school magazine. Seemed an impossible task cos I used to be  an average student. Well, I achieved that goal within a year! You can use  your subconscious to attract the people you want to attract, get the help  you need from whomever can supply it, create oppourtunities for you. The  possibilities are limitless- because your subconsious is infinite and  unlimited. It is an Intelligence that listens to your command! GET THIS  BOOK! I will buy it even if it cost 3 times higher, because the secret  within cannot be put a price tag on!
To me, Words That Sell is a great supplement to Phrases That Sell and I am glad I chose both books although there is some repetition of phrases when referring to both books.  However, you can learn different helpful tips from each author. Richard Bayan is an award winning copywriter and spent over twenty years in advertising.  I particularly enjoyed his lists of commonly misspelled words, confusing words, phrases to avoid.  And he cross-references various categories and he stirs up the creative juices.
Donna Leon is a delight to read. Inspector Brunetti and his wife are great characters. I am always sorry when the book is over.
This little book contains thoughtful, clever prompts for the frustrated writer. I'm glad I bought it, and I will continue to use it.
First off, I'm NOT a programmer/coder but rather a network design architect, which means I started at a deficit to begin with.  That being said, the concepts covered in this text are very much in need in my side / the design side of the overall network equation.Compiled from leading academics/researchers in the field, Network Coding covers such concepts as viral broadcasting, cellular networking, security, etc.This text has already richness to my view of how my networks should be designed to perform no matter what the traffic load, pattern, network addressing, etc.  If you're still just designing networks for client-server file and print sharing, you're about 5 years behind.
Yes, I like self-improvement books as it only takes one or two ideas to radically change your approach and effectiveness in life.  But if you read enough of them, it's a bit too easy to skim over certain things thinking "heard that, done that."  Steve McDermott throws a curve ball in the genre by writing a book titled How to Be a Complete and Utter Failure in Life, Work & Everything: 44 1/2 Steps to Lasting Underachievement.  Obviously, you know you're going to get improvement tips, but the framing of them in the negative helps to slow you down a bit...McDermott's book consists of 44.5 chapters, or "steps", on how to continue along the same path of failure that the vast amount of people tread on a daily basis.  So you start out with things like "Don't decide what you want.  If you do decide what you want, don't think about why you want it.  And if you do decide why you want it, commit to believing you can't have it."  "Don't have any goals" is a pretty common theme for the less-than-stellar achievers in life, as is "Don't stop being an unthinking dog."  Each step contains the negative exhortation, followed by a quote to avoid, details on why it's important not to do this particular step, and ending with actions not to take.  The simple act of flipping the dominant idea from "do" to "don't" is enough to make you think a bit more about what he's actually telling you to do.  Couple that with his very humorous writing style, and this book is not only useful but fun.The only thing I found a bit strange/odd/difficult was the constant changing from the negative to the positive tense.  Most of the chapter explains why that opposite reaction is used to accomplish greater things and be more effective.  But he often changes from a "this is why this works" to a "so don't do it" so quickly that it makes for a difficult narrative flow.  I still like the overall negative/positive angle, but you do have to work at some of the transitions to avoid thinking that you perhaps really *shouldn't* do what he's telling you not to do.A fun read, well worth working through, especially for those who have an aversion to these types of books.  At least if you fail, you'll have someone to look up to now.  :)
This book is THE reference on Six Sigma. The authors define it as "A comprehensive and flexible system for achieving, sustaining and maximizing business success. Six Sigma is uniquely driven by close understanding of customer needs, disciplined use of facts, data, and statistical analysis, and diligent attention to managing, improving, and reinventing business processes."This work is made up of three major sections. The first part provides an executive summary of this system. The second part focuses on the organizational aspects of adopting this system. The last part, focuses on the actual implementation of Six Sigma including the roadmap and tools. Also included in this book, are numerous appendices that provide further "practical support".What sets this book apart is both the breadth and depth in which the topic is discussed. Whether one is a novice or expert, looking to obtain a high level overview or a deep understanding of the subject matter, this book is for you. In addition, the interspersed case studies, examples and tools make it very practical and applicable. After reading this book - one cannot but concur with the authors' closing remark: "We believe - and hope you agree - that there are enough essential, powerful, and valuable elements to make the Six Sigma system, in some way, part of every successful business. At the same time, we strongly encourage you to adapt the discipline and methods of Six Sigma to best impact your unique culture, industry, market position, people, and strategy. Our biggest fear is that people will "accept" or "reject" Six Sigma as it it were a thing (falling victim to the Tyranny of the Or) and not use it as a flexible system."Below are key excerpts from the book, that I found particularly insightful:1) "The Benefits of Six Sigma: 1) Generates sustained success...2) Sets a performance goal for everyone...3) Enhances value to customers...4) Accelerates the rate of improvement...5) Promotes learning and "cross pollination"...6) Executes strategic change"2) "Six Themes of Six Sigma: 1) Genuine Focus on the Customer...2) Data- and Fact-Driven Management...3) Process focus, Management, and Improvement...4) Proactive Management...5) Boundaryless Collaboration...6) Drive for Perfection; Tolerance for Failure"3) "Six Sigma Improvement and Management Strategies: 1) Process Improvement: Finding Targeted Solutions...2) Process Design/Redesign: Building a Better Business...3) Process Management: The Infrastructure for Six Sigma Leadership"4) "In the Six Sigma Way, we will use and refer to a five-phase improvement cycle that has become increasingly common in Six Sigma organizations: Define, Measure, Analyze, Improve, and Control - or DMAIC."5) "...The ideal roadmap for establishing the Six Sigma system and launching improvements...1) Identify core processes and key customers. 2) Define customer requirements. 3) Measure current performance. 4) Prioritize, analyze, and implement improvements. 5) Expand and integrate the Six Sigma system."6) "Five-step measurement implementation model: 1) Select what to measure 2) Develop operational definitions 3) Identify data sources 4) Prepare collection & sampling plan 5) Implement and refine measurement"7) "We can offer an assessment model, however, based on two major conditions - both of which must be met if process design/redesign is going to work: 1) A major need, threat, or opportunity exists: a) Shifts in customer needs/requirements...b) Demand for greater flexibility...c) New technologies...d) New or changed rules and regulations...e) Competitors are changing...f) Old assumptions (or paradigms) are invalid...g) The current process is "a mess"...2) You're ready and willing to take on the risk: a) Longer lead-time for change is acceptable...b) Resources and talent are available...c) Leaders, and the organization as a whole, will support the effort...d) The "Risk Profile" is acceptable."8) "Process Value Analysis: As processes get more complex, they tend to insulate people from the real reason that customers patronize a business. "Value Analysis" is a way of reemphasizing the key raison d'etre of a business or process by looking at work from the external customer's point of view. In the analysis, we assign each process step to one of three categories: 1) Value Adding...2) Value Enabling...3) Non-Value-Adding"9) "Twelve Keys To Success: 1) The Six Sigma Efforts to Business Strategy and Priorities 2) Position Six Sigma as an Improved Way to Manage for Today 3) Keep the Message Simple and Clear 4) Develop Your Own Path to Six Sigma 5) Focus on Short-Term Results 6) Focus on Long-Term Growth and Development 7) Publicize Results, Admit Setbacks, and Learn from Both 8) Make and Investment to Make It Happen 9) Use Six Sigma Tools Wisely 10) Link Customers, Process, Data, and Innovation to Build the Six Sigma System 11) Make Top Leaders Responsible and Accountable 12) Make Learning an Ongoing Activity"
After reading THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS back in the late 80's, I waited with eagerness for the film to come out.  It was a bit like Christmas arriving for a six year old.That wait was nothing compared to the long  seasons anticipating the SILENCE sequel.  But here it is, over a decade  later, and I realized while reading it how much I still cared about these  characters even after all this time.One of the nice features of  HANNIBAL is that is doesn't have to waste alot of time introducing the main  characters.  We already know them and Harris knows that those who liked  SILENCE have re-read it or skimmed through it a few times in the last  decade.  Dr. Lecter was interesting enough the first couple of times around  so that it's no gamble to give him center stage.  I admire Harris for not  doing what some writers would have done in his situation, which would have  been to either stoically ignore the public begging for more Lecter or cash  in and throw cheap meat to starving dogs.  Instead, he let the stew simmer  for ten years and served up cuisine worthy of even Lecter's urbane palate.And all those nightmarishes images and gothic passages don't hurt  either.It's a great book and the blurb on the jacket could easily have  read, &quot;Hannibal - 'nuff said&quot;.
A wonderful translation of the great Hafiz.  No need to describe Hafiz, the lover par excellence.Anyone who loves poetry should read this book.Anyone who wants to know more about LOVE should have read it!
I've been meaning to devour this series since the 90's, but not a fan of the romance genre, so am a little late to this party. I loved this story; the plot twists and historical / cultural details were fascinating and balanced the romance sprinkled throughout. I will definitely be reading all the rest this author has to offer, which will keep me busy for quite some time! Another credit to this author is that all the libraries in my area have most of her e-books on waiting lists which tells me these stories have stood the test of time. I am looking forward to the Outlander cable tv series coming in August of 2014.
This short novella deals with a similar theme to that of William Golding's Lord of the Flies, namely the behaviour of children and adolescents when free of the constraints of adult behaviour. Four siblings from a working-class family - Jack, the teenaged narrator, his older sister Julie, younger sister Sue and the youngest, Tom- are orphaned by the death of their mother, their father having died about two years earlier. In order to stay together and avoid being put into the care of the local authority, they conceal their mother's death by hiding her body in a trunk, filling it with cement and leaving it in the cellar of their house. As it is the summer holidays, there is no school for them to attend, and they spend the long, hot days in idleness. Apart from Tom, who occasionally plays with boys from a nearby tower block, the youngsters avoid contact with the outside world, until Julie introduces an outsider into their home in the shape of her older boyfriend Derek. The final denouement arises as a result of the conflict between Julie's relationship with Derek and the growing incestuous feelings between her and Jack.The book was published in 1978 and, although there are no explicit period references, in many ways it reflects the mood of Britain in the late seventies. That was a time of economic recession, of industrial unrest, of unemployment, of concern about declining public services and the condition of the inner cities. (The period also saw some of the hottest summers of recent decades).  The weak minority government of Prime Minister James Callaghan was widely perceived as being unable or unwilling to do anything about the country's problems. The era also saw a growing sense of youthful rebelliousness and resentment of adult authority which found its most extreme expression in the punk movement. Although a generation gap was not a new phenomenon, the mood of the young in the seventies was quite different to that of their older brothers and sisters in the sixties. Youthful rebellion in the hippy era often took the form of altruistic idealism, and even in its hedonistic forms tended to be joyous and optimistic. The rebellion of the young in the seventies, by contrast, tended to be more sour and resentful, characterised by a cynical pessimism.The setting of the book is a bleak, impoverished district of an unnamed British inner city. The children's house is one of the few remaining in an area marked out for redevelopment, and is surrounded either by soulless tower blocks or by derelict, rubble-strewn wasteland. Their garden, one of the few islands of green in the area, has been concreted over by their father (hence the title of the book). A dustmen's' strike means that refuse is not being collected. There is a pervasive atmosphere of stifling heat and noxious odours. The children- Jack in particular- are cynical, apathetic and suspicious of the adult world in all its forms. Their independent life together has few positive attractions- its main features are boredom, squalor and quarrels- but they prefer it to the alternative of submitting to adult authority. The incestuous relationship between Jack and Julie can be seen as both the ultimate expression of family solidarity and as a conscious rejection of the taboos and conventions of the adult world.A word that has been used by other reviewers about this book is "gothic". With two qualifications, that is a useful categorisation. The first qualification is that the so-called "gothic" movement in literature, a literature obsessed with death, darkness, gloom and despair, has very little connection with Gothic architecture, an architecture that celebrates life, light, colour and faith. The second qualification is that McEwan's work represents a modern development of the "gothic" tradition; he has abandoned the supernatural elements and exotic settings beloved of Georgian and Victorian gothic authors, but has retained their fascination with death, decay and the macabre and their emphasis on the darker side of human nature, including human sexuality, which can be treated with a greater freedom than was possible for earlier writers. (Besides the incest of Jack and Julie, Tom, the youngest child, who loves to dress as a girl, is presented as a budding transvestite).McEwan's prose in this work is deliberately simple- the sentences are short, with few dependent clauses, and mostly describe concrete actions with little room for speculation or analysis of thoughts and feelings. (This is not surprising, given that it is narrated by a young boy of both limited education and limited experience). Despite the terseness of the prose and the desolate urban setting, however, this is not a work of social realism. If one tries to read it as realistic fiction, a number of details do not ring true. (Would the disappearance of the children's mother, for example, really have gone unnoticed by the outside world for so long, especially as she had been receiving medical treatment for her illness and had even arranged to go into hospital?) If, however, one reads it as a work of grim fantasy, it can be seen as an accomplished and powerful piece of work. The combination of matter-of-fact narration and bleak modern setting with macabre horror and bizarre happenings gives the work an eerie, hallucinatory quality; not so much a midsummer night's dream as a midsummer nightmare.
Yes, Scrum and Agile movement is going forward and this book is outdated.But it does show a philosophy behind Scrum and why it was applied.It is a good ready with decent examples.Sometimes too optimistic and evangelistic, but still it gives you a good perception about Scrum and Agile roots.
This story follows a girl as she takes a trip with her aunt. She describes special details, such as the fact that they're going to wrap their food "like my aunt did as a little girl" or that they're going to make lots of stops and "nobody will be there to say uh-uh". They have a great time just flitting about, eating dinner at a fancy restaurant and buying "as much junk as we want" from garage sales. You can really feel how much the two love each other and love spending special times together.In feel, this book reminds me a lot of My Mama Had a Dancing Heart - you might try reading the two of them together.
I share some of the criticisms of "Transit of Venus" voiced by others but I stuck through to the end and felt my patience was rewarded. I was truly surprised by the climax and the closing scene, which led me to reassess the entire book. I still have some reservations but generally admire the compassion and intelligence behind this finely crafted novel by Shirley Hazzard.I agree with others that the dialogue is cryptic and weighed down by too many obscure literary allusions. Whole conversations are conducted through metaphorical references to poetry or antiquity. It seemed overwritten and pretentious at times. A good editor should have reined that in. My bigger disappointment was with the passivity of the primary character, Caroline. I realize that she's our Venus stand-in, buffeted by love, but she was hard to get to know. Orphaned, adrift and with few friends, she only sparks when a man enters or re-enters her life. In many scenes, she's monosyllabic, uttering "Yes" or "No" as other characters - especially the men - expound at length. To the extent the author meant this as a critique of power relations between the sexes, it makes sense. Caroline's lack of agency reminded me of some of Edith Wharton's women who are trapped or defeated by forces beyond their control. Also like Wharton, Hazzard writes of her characters with detachment, which makes them hard to warm up to.Among the things I enjoyed about "Transit of Venus" was its careful plotting. It covers three decades in the lives of multiple characters, which includes some lulls in action (like real life), but it heads toward a dramatic conclusion. Ironies abound and there is some sharp humor, including withering depictions of bosses and bureaucrats. In the end what stayed with me was its broad canvas of lives lived, love won and lost, the complicated trajectories of people's journeys. Its examination of relationships, whether exploitive, unrequited, ephemeral or enduring, whether parent-child, sibling or sexual, is rich and thought-provoking. It explores goodness and venality, love and death, lust, abandonment, idealism, deception, regret, infidelity and fate. So despite stylistic flaws, "The Transit of Venus" left me with much to ponder.
This book describes the adventures of J. M. Synge on the Aran Islands around the turn of the Twentieth Century.  William Butler Yeats suggested that Synge visit the island in order to learn Irish and become acquainted with traditional Irish culture as it had been preserved on the islands.  Synge followed his suggestion, and made four lengthy trips to the islands.  In this book, he recounts his experiences on the islands, together with some of the stories and poems that were recited to him there.The book is a unique collection of travelogue, journal, and research notebook.  Synge describes his relationships with individuals on the islands, as well as some of the common traits and customs observable there.  He tells us about harrowing sea passages that he took from island to island in small rowed boats, and records a number of folk-tales that were shared with him by island residents.  Synge was to draw on all of this material in his later writing career, making the book quite interesting for those who enjoy his plays.  The book also provides informative details of what daily life was like in this remote region at the time.
I loved this book best of the 4 I have read by Wallace Stegner.  It dealt with all the big questions of life and was entertaining. The dialogues explaining the mental processes about what made the main character angry,  matched my thinking.  Why wouldn't I love a book that could express better than I can, what I am thinking.
This is an outstanding, first-hand look into, and analysis of the unknown to the ignorant public, American academies of violence, hate, anger and crime. Carrying the grotesque name of &quot;system of corrections&quot;, this is the system that corrected nobody and ruined lives of great many millions. It's a must reading for any consciencious American, who is willing to question the government propaganda that we live in a land of equal justice and liberty for all. A great, sad but meaningful story of the 12-year old boy, whose life was taken away by the culture of anger, stupidity amd hate, by the world's largest, infamous American Gulag.
Once I read chapter 16, I was ready to read the book in one sitting. I didn't however, as I was rather excited and had to go relieve myself.
The first half of this book is as close to perfect as I've ever come in fiction.  The writing, characters, story, and pacing are a tour de force.  I wasn't as absorbed by the war scenes, but still appreciated McEwan's absolute command of plot and language.  I'm reading one of his earlier works now and enjoying his talents very much, but Atonement is truly his masterpiece.
This book shows how GAAP rules can be twisted to mask poor financial performance and boost the price of stock.  Among the tricks exposed:  shifting revenue from one period to another; taking losses at convenient times; and manipulating depreciation schedules to minimize expenses.  Each trick is illustrated with real-world examples drawn from SEC cases and civil litigation.  I enjoyed the book very much:  it's short, readable, and wise.  I did, however, wonder about what audience the author was trying to reach.  Accountants and financial analysts will already know these tricks and regard the exposition as superficial; on the other hand, readers with no business background at all might be daunted by the accounting technicalities.  Probably the ideal reader is a hobbyist-investor who reads business books for pleasure.  For such readers, "Financial Shenanigans" offers pleasures galore.
When a friend discovered that I concepted for a living, she was suspicious. "How can you be creative on demand?" she asked. "Everyone can come up creative ideas every once in a while. But when you need them? How do you do that? Do you have a notebook where you keep every idea? Do you use the same ideas over and over?"More than 70 years ago, James Webb Young, who had started at J. Walter Thompson as a copywriter before WWI and who became a professor of business history at the University of Chicago's School of Business in 1931 (while still working at JWT), wrote "A Technique for Producing Ideas" to explore just that question. To dig into the process that was - and hopefully still is - at the center of the advertising [to read the rest of this review, please visit [...]
Candace Robb's Owen Archer mysteries are always terrific, though "A Vigil of Spies" has the advantage of being a little offbeat, in that it is something of a recreation of a classic Agatha Christie novel in which all the characters are confined within a manor house, and all the action takes place inside that confined space.  The story involves intrigue over who will become the next Archbishop of York, now that the current one, John Thorseby--the benefactor, employer, and sometime thorn in the side of 14th century soldier/spy Owen Archer--is on his deathbed. Providing the dying Thorseby no succor at all is the appearance in York of Princess Joan of Kent and her entourage, one of whom has died under mysterious circumstances en route.  It is up to Archer to find out who is responsible for the victim's death, and exactly what is behind the royal visit.  Candace Robb knows her medieval history and her stories come vibrantly alive through the combination of real historical and fictional characters.  "A Vigil of Spies" suffers not at all from its rather claustrophobic setting, given Robb's skill at pacing.  The only problem with her books these days is that they are published only in England, which makes them harder to obtain here in the states.  But it is worth the effort.
The good thing about this book is that it is interesting enough to read it (at bedtime, for example) without pausing to do the experiments or you can use it in conjunction with some great little experiments to learn more about magnets.It is not extremely detailed, but my five-year-old son found it quite engaging and he was absolutely fascinated when the experiments worked "just the way the book said!"  With the book's simple structure, I know it won't be too long before he is able to read it to himself, also.  (It is around the second grade level, I would say.)Nicely done for younger students.
Our family includes one daughter adopted from China and we hope to bring another into our home soon.  I bought this book last year for my wife, for Mother's Day perhaps, but she hasn't had time to read it so I picked it up a few weeks ago. It's a hard book to read, not because it's poorly written or obtuse, but because the stories told are often heartbreaking.  I'm very glad I read it because I think it will give me a better context--rooted in reality rather than conjecture--for dealing with questions that will come up--and already have--about our daughter's biological mother. It's a very moving, authentic, credible book and I look forward to reading more by Xinran. I highly recommend it to anyone who has adopted from China.
I'm a redneck, so that's not a put down.Some critics complain because, according to them, this is not Hunter's best.  One complains because the title refers to untraviolet light, while in this story they use infrared (I'd bet the author knew that, and that the handle 'black light' is interchangeable).  Then there is the guy from Pennsylvania who asserts that this is a true reflection of how horribly the white race treated the blacks in the South.  I lived in Florida as a youth, and in my opinion, "black hell" is the urban North, not in the rural South.None of this is what the book is about.  This is an exciting adventure thriller about the son of an Oklahoma highway patrolman, retired, who apprehended, shot and killed a "bad guy" who had terrorized Oklahoma and the Texas panhandle, after breaking out of the prison in McAlester with his cousin and another man.  That story was told in Dirty White Boys, another of Hunter's atories.  This book is a follow-up, although it stands alone and needn't be read in series.Bob Lee Swagger is the son of Earl Swagger, an Arkansas highway patrolman who was killed by two cousins on a crime rampage, and was himself killed in the ensuing gun battle.  But, there is a mystery as to who actually killed Earl Swagger, a congreesional medal of honor recipient.  Bob Lee Swagger, Earl's son, and Russ Pewtie, son of Oklahoma highway patrolman Bud Pewtie, set out to solve the mystery.If you like fast-moving action thrillers, with lots of suspense, good characterization, and excellent plotting and research, you will appreciate Stephen Hunter's books, and this is no exception.  He writes masterfully, which is why he is a top-selling author in his genre.  He knows firearms, and has an encylopedic knowledge of makes, models, ballistics, and accessories.  To boot, he telegraphs a conservative's viewpoint, which is an added attraction for me (liberals tend to be gun-haters, and seem to know very little about them--and it shows.)As to the critics  who complain that this is not Hunter's best, I am left begging the questions: Why?  What is missing?  The plotting is still excellent.  His vocabulary is not diminished.  The suspense is maintained throughout.  The story still holds you, as do his others. What is it that makes it any less than his other stories, if that is so?  I found it just as good.  I find him at the top of storytellers in his genre.  I'm always amazed at the fault-finders who pit a great novelist against himself, like a golfer who is in a slump.  There is no slump here.  I'll read as many of Stephen Hunter's books as I can get hold of, and enjopy them all equally.  The carping critics who attempt to show their great erudition by faulting genius should, perhaps, show us how it should be done with their own book, for comparison.Joseph (Joe) Pierreauthor of Handguns and Freedom...their care and maintenanceand other books
Alison Weir is a much read and much respected historian with a string of non fiction books to her name. She is widely known for her biographical books about British Royalty. She lives in Surrey with her two children, John and Kate.Innocent Traitor is the first novel that Alison Weir has written and I am not sure whether it was a conscious effort on her part or a brave move to write about one of the lesser known characters of English history. Whatever the reason the author has brilliantly captured the feel of the Tudor period. A time when the country was in turmoil following the death of Henry VIII.Lady Jane Grey was the victim of scheming and dominant parents who used her like a pawn in a game of chess. Although of royal blood Lady Jane was used by many of the powerful men of the time who were solely interested in feathering their own nests. The throne of England was there to be taken by those who dared to chance their arm on installing a young girl whose claim to the English throne fell far behind that of the rightful heirs. A young girl who was to pay the ultimate price allowing herself to be manipulated, albeit against her better judgment. For some of the most powerful men in the kingdom, virtually anything was preferable to Mary, with her strict catholic religion that would bring the country close to open civil war.
I am a resident of Kern County, California, where half of the story takes place.  It took me until the age of 46 to read this book, once banned in my city of Bakersfield. I'm sorry I waited so long to get to it. The Grapes of Wrath is probably one of the greatest books I have ever read. It was so powerful that I actually cried at the end.
I have a confession to make.  I actually wasn't going to start reading CRUISE CONTROL for another week or two.  After all, I had just readInside OutandStuck in Neutralin quick succession.  I have a lot of other books on my reviewing plate, and I didn't want anyone to think I had a Terry Trueman obsession.  But then I decided, "I want to read this book now, I probably do have a Terry Trueman obsession, and no one is going to stop me!"  So...that's my story, I'm sticking to it, and now for the story of CRUISE CONTROL...This book is billed as the companion book toStuck in Neutral, not a sequel.  And for good reason.  This book doesn't pick up whereStuck in Neutralleaves off, although I would recommend reading that one first, if for no other reason than to learn the history of Shawn McDaniel and his family.  CRUISE CONTROL is the story of Paul McDaniel, older brother to Shawn and sister Cindy, son of a prize-winning poet father who abandoned their family and a mother who works hard to take care of her children.Paul is fully aware of the unfairness and inconsistencies in his life.  He's the star of the basketball team--his brother is a veg, confined to his wheelchair and unable to control any of his movements, from blinking his eyelids to swallowing his food.  Paul is always angry, even to the point of physically attacking virtual strangers--his brother is unable to show any emotion, at all from love to annoyance.  He hates his father for leaving the family--and yet wonders what it would be like for him to be a bigger part of it.  Paul's life is, for all accounts and purposes, messed up.  As his sister, Cindy, puts it:  "There's no way I'll ever believe that the problems a brother like Shawn brings to a family are 'gifts from God.'"As Paul discovers that his father might not have left the family due to abandonment, as his feelings of rage turn to shame for a secret he's kept way too long, Paul realizes the truth that his mother has long known: "It's okay to love your brother."CRUISE CONTROL is Paul's story, and it's just as heartfelt and genuine as Shawn's.  I'm sorry to leave the McDaniel family behind, but at least it's with the feeling of love and respect, and not sorrow and shame.
There's no other word to describe this book. I haven't laughed out loud this many times while reading any other book I can remember. A must read for anyone who has ever worked in Corporate America and especially the investment/finance business. A charmingly witty and brilliant inside look at the game of snakes and ladders the investment banking industry can be....
The Things They Carried is a collection of connected short stories about a group of soldiers in the Vietnam War. The stories follow the same group of men from Alpha Company, and they flow like a novel, yet the stories are strong on their own if read individually.I felt transported, like I was there with these men. I felt their homesickness and heartache. Though a pacifist myself, I understood how a person who didn't necessarily agree with the war, could feel bound to fight in it.The Things They Carried is everything a book should be. It is well crafted, transports the reader, evokes emotion, and elicits thought. I think it has something to offer for everyone. If you are interested in the craft of writing, this is a must read.
There's a big debate on which Palahniuk book is better:  Fight Club or Survivor?  I think Fight Club is better, but it's all just a matter of taste.  This one's just a funny (if not more).  This one is more mainstream though (not saying it's mainstream, just mainstreamer).  It doesn't feel as  dangerous as Fight Club.  This book is written much more cohesively, which  I think is a shame because I liked Fight Club's choppiness.  It's also not  nearly as stylish.  But enough of that.  Celebrities always talk about  how bad it is being a celebrity, but no one ever believes them.  This book  changed my mind.  I was horrified by the price of fame Tender Branson paid.  Tender Branson is so obligated to fame and phoniness that you feel  claustrophobic just reading it.  It's twisted like only Palahniuk can, and  yet you still wonder how real is this?  Chuck has some philosophy for you  again, unfortunately this time it's moronic (Adam's sex philosophy is  something that doesn't leave the notepad).  It starts off boring enough,  but as the pages count down (yep, literally.  It's kind of a neat gimmick),  it seems like you're going at the speed of that doomed plane.  The climax  is actually pretty powerful.  As always, Chuck has good characters and  funny parts and philosophy and everything.  I don't think this will ever  change.  Ever.  For better or worse.  Perhaps a bad sign is that each of  Palahniuk's books has been a bit worse than the one before it.  Hopefully,  this pattern will not continue.  So basically, I'm going to reccomend this  book, unless you haven't read Fight Club yet.  Then go there.
The Red Pony by John SteinbeckA boy is given a pony to take care of. He still continues to do his chores and go to school. One day the ranchhand says it will not rain to leave the pony outside as the boy goes to school.Problem is it does rain and the boy hurries home to cover him up and bring him inside the barn. The horse gets very sick and the ranchhand tries many things to get the horse better to no avail.He has to deal with the death of the pony as time goes on. Ranch life continues as an old man comes to stay as the house he was born is no longer there on the ranch. A new pregnant animal has arrivedat the ranch and a very difficult birth. The hardships of ranch life are forefront but there are good times, like when Jody's grandfather comes to stay for a week.
the quality fo the used book was really good.  The shipping was quick.  The book is easy to read, it was for a class I was taking
This book does a great job diving into what really motivates people and why you cannot simply dictate change and expect people to make it happen.  You must first gain a complete understanding of what motivates people day to day and understand the inertia involved in trying to change behavior.  In fact, you might not even understand those things from which your people gain internal reward, satisfaction and self-motivation and you may have many different people motivated by different things that have nothing to do with your formal reward system. Until you understand those basic human drives and how they might vary from person to person you cannot possibly hope to influence your people to change.Granted that the main, rather obscure, examples in the book deal with a drug rehab center in California, eradicating guinea worms and changing prostitutes' practices but if you can think laterally you'll begin to understand that people usually act in their own short-term, self interest first and won't always respond to appeals that require them to change or break their own personal inertia.  You must find ways to convince, persuade and influence on their terms before you can expect to bring about organizational change.~~Review by the author of the e-book, "How to Build and Manage Your Brand (in sickness and in health)."
My 10 year old daughter doesn't usually like to read but she got hooked on this series.  More Lemony Snicket, please.
I didn't realize E.B. White wrote all three of these wonderful books. I read The Trumpet of the Swan when I was a little girl, and now I'm reading it again with my little girl. It's as good as I remember.
I found the stories and information a great read and a must have for someone who is about to do the &#34;Great Loop&#34;.  A book that I will definitely pack for my trip.
my father gave me a copy of "Harold and the Purple Crayon" when i was just about four years old and i absolutely fell head over heels in love with Harold. i remember sitting on the floor for hours just flipping through this book page by page and imagining myself into the story. i truly believe that this book was the door that opened into my love of reading. So of course when i saw this book in my pre-schoolers book order i had to get it for him. and it turns out that he loves Harold almost as much as i did at that age. it's a wonderful story about how to use your imagination and that you don't need all of these high tech toys in the world today to do it. Harold only needed a crayon.
I needed this book for class and it seems to have a lot of answers in it to meet my assignment criteria. Of couse, reading it for PLEASURE is not what I do, but it's chock full of good business information.
This is an award winner for a good reason.  I always try to choose a few books on my own when buying for the kids.  They are excited about their choices, and are getting to know the classic and award winning books too.  A wonderful story.
A lovely and beautifully written little novel that never loses the reader's faith. I think this would be a superb book for teaching fiction to high school and college students. What it does, it does perfectly, and I can't wait for his next novel.
Blood and Gold (Vampire Chronicles) is a very good book, especially for the History student, or those persons interested in the lore of History.  It tells you all about "Marius" of Rome from the day of his "turning" and his adventures throughout the History of Western civilization.  When I read it, I could vividly imagine being in Rome during all her glory and also passing through the sad chapter of its invasion and sacking by the Barbarian hordes.Rice does a great job transporting the reader through major passages of History through the eyes and mind of a vampire.Highly recommended !
This book was really helpful in learning basic baby signs to teach to baby (and to learn myself).  Baby signing worked like a charm in our household and I'd definitely do it again.
Positioning is about how to define your product or entity in an optimal way so as to differentiate it from competitors and drive preferential purchase or use. Ries and Trout argue that positioning has become especially critical for marketers as our society has become increasingly overburdened with communication and advertisements.I wish I could go back in time after having read this book -- Positioning gave me numerous epiphanies related to companies I have started or worked for. Positioning is a must-read for anyone who works in marketing or business, especially those launching a new product or struggling to hit stride with an existing product.The book hammers home the point that the only reality that matters with is the perception of your customers. It's the prospect's world-view and interpretation of your product that counts, not yours. And although this book contains outdated examples as it was published over 30 years ago, I didn't feel that this detracted from the core content. Rather, the authors' prophetic and timeless concepts helped reinforce their arguments. Overall, this book helped me move along the path towards critically understanding and evaluating positioning strategies.My primary criticism of this book is that while Ries and Trout provide a highly practical explanation of how and when to use line extensions, I did not feel as well-armed with practical methodologies for positioning in general. Other than semantic differential, no research strategies or exercises were provided for defining the positioning of an entity. I was somewhat able to fill this gap with material I found online published by Roger Straus. In particular I would recommend looking up Straus's "triangular" strategy, which incorporates rational, affective and relational positioning, to be a great supplement to Positioning.
No, you don't get Naomi Watts or Edward Norton.  Not even Liev Schrieber.  But you do get lovely language, a vivid sense of place and of a time gone by.  It's sadder than the film.  But that's a good thing.
This is one of the best books ever written.The story follows Hannibal, now free in Florance Italy and being hunted by the many people who want him dead. At the forefront is Mason Verger, the only surviving victim of Hannibal who is horribly deformed from his encounted with Hannibal and spends his time tormenting children in his anticipation for Hannibal. Then there is a corrupt Italian detective, decended from a cursed family who wants Hannibal's prize for himself. And of course we have Clarise Starling who is one of the few that can tap into the mind of Hannibal himself.In this story Hannibal is transformed into a very complex and emotional character. He is haunted by the memories of his sister and we see in depth how he became what he is. But Hannibal also keeps his power to turn even the bloodiest of deaths into an almost poetic precision.I loved how every character had another working against them and all were caught up in the search for Hannibal. The final chapters where they all collide is wonderful, and the ending is nothing short of beautiful. Clarise goes from being just an annoying detective with nothing else to live for to becomming a romantic figure who can match the depth and passion of even Hannibal himself.In short this book is great, not just for people who love Hannibal, but for anyone who knows how to appreciate the beauty of the written art.
As Ignatius would say, "OH. MY. GOD!"  I am so grateful that Ignatius is not my neighbor, employee, acquaintance or family member(although he bares a resemblance to one).  This man is incorrigible.  I am also grateful that I do not have a malfunctioning valve that would dictate my every move.  I'm happy for Mrs. Reilly that Ignatius left, but I want so desperately for Myrna to drop him on the side of the road in Manville.  How is it that a person could be so boorish?  So full of himself?  Such a hypocrite?  It boggles the mind.Toole was a gifted writer(please say this was not completely autobiographical) with a gift for true to life characters. My favorites were Ms. Trixie and Jones.  I always enjoyed their scenes. WHOA!
This book was a really good.  It is about a boy who is seven years old and lives on a cotton farm.  The town is really small, every one knows each other and there are lots of gossip...ect.  Luke (the boy who is seven)  has a very plain life and dreams of soon becoming a baseball player for the Cardinals. All life is the same until the family hires some workers to pick cotton on the farm.  10 Mexicans and 7 'Hill people'.  This is where the trouble starts.  Fights happen, someone is murdered, secrets revolve in Luke's head, and promises to keep them.  The harvesting starts out the usual way but will end as usual?  Or will a great climax come?  And why is the house being painted white?  Read this book to discover the secrets in Luke's head.This is a really good book since usually I like fantasy and sci fi. It is a good way to read reality and a farm life. The only thing I thought was weird was this boy, Luke, did not really seem 7 he seemed way older.  I know a sever year old and they certainly would not survive picking cotton and keeping secrets of murder.  She can't even write cursive that well.  So overall that is why I would give it a 4, I would feel better if he had been older.  Otherwise this was a really good book and I would recommend it to anyone who likes realistic fiction, or country books.
This book about Standard C++ is very unique, in that it covers more than just the syntax of the language. Eckel goes into detail as to *why* things work the way they do, and even gives insight into what problems were encountered that led to the implementation of certain language features. True, this makes for a very wordy book, but the end result is that the reader understands the language as a whole, not just the syntax of it.Eckel spends a great deal of time lecturing, and his experience in teaching the language shows in the writing of this book. Examples are clear and very concise - he does not fill his examples with unnecessary fluff to make them 'cool' but instead focuses only on the functionality that he is presently covering.One particular strength of this book is coverage of the stream classes, which was a very strong point in the first edition as well.This book does not cover everything, but covers enough that someone who is serious about learning the language can use this book to build a rock-solid foundation. There is a volume 2, available on Eckel's website, that covers the Standard Template Library (STL) and other more advanced topics.If you only buy one book on C++, this is *the* one to buy.
Xinran's telling of the stories of Chinese women make their lives very real, even for this far away country and culture that is far removed from our lives in the West.  It is a haunting yet moving account that you will not soon forget.
I really wish I would've known about the book before seeing the movie, because of course I would've read the novel first. Because I saw the movie first, the book seemed a bit drawn out, overly descriptive and tedious. I felt like I could skip a few paragraphs, or even pages, and still not have missed out on the overall plot. This is a great reason I don't like watching the movies before reading the book. That said, I did absolutely love the original story line and overall plot. The exploitation of a child's innocence was taken in a grim view of over-fantasized dramatic life sequences that played off of that child's objection to reality, and later, guilt. This novel is quite the page turner.
Speak Mandarin Chinese For Beginners The Michel Thomas Method (8-CD Beginner's Program) (Michel Thomas Series)Michel Thomas Method Speak Mandarin Chinese Advanced (Michel Thomas Series)Michel Thomas Method: Mandarin Chinese Vocabulary Course (Michel Thomas Series)I am the author of the Michel Thomas Spoken Chinese ( Mandarin) series. My love is learning and teaching languages.If you really want to learn to read, write and speak correct Russian using a book, this is the best place to start. For speaking, you will need additional access to a Russian speaker (easy with skype) or some recordings.I have been studying the language now for a while and have used CDs, a personal instructor and many books.Without a doubt, this is the very best book for those who really want to learn the language, bar none.What it will give you, if you apply yourself, is the swiftest, least painful exposure to everything that you need in order to move on to a more advanced level.I now use this text daily, on my own, to supplement everything else and I am continually amazed and delighted at how Dr. Brown, the author, has made learning Russian a very pleasant experience.He continually explains why things are the way they are, which I find very helpful. He also shows us which words, patterns, and grammatical features are the most used and which are rarer. If you understand that he is also the author of the best frequency dictionary for Russian, you will understand this last part. Why waste your time and effort on words and patterns which you won't be using that often?When learning a language it is a good thing to know the territory you will be covering ahead of time.That way, you will understand where to tarry and where to move on rapidly. Your time and attention are crucial when learning and you need to use them wisely. Otherwise, you will become frustrated, bogged down, and not achieve your goal.Many other people have covered the essential features of this text in their excellent reviews.Buy and use this book if Russian is your goal. You will not find anything better.
Whatever reason one finds to dislike this book, this is a book you must read, at least once. Any book written by the creator gives you a unique view of the language. No other book will give you this insight, no matter how good the book author is.I read this book 15 years ago, but only after I've graduate in CS I was able to grasp all the details, mainly the grammar. The authors condense a lot of knowledge in one sentence.Newbie programmers may find this book a bit dense, and it is definitively not the easiest place to start learning the language. However, sooner or later you will have to read this book to consider yourself a truly C programmer.
"Kim" is a timeless classic and the unabridged audio book allowed me to drive while re-living what I've read a couple of times previously. The narration was peerless and the story, of course, is a classic.
I like this book.  I've been trying to get back into my practice for the  last couple of years, after a number of orthopedic rehabs.  I haven't been  too successful; most books are awfully rigid about the &quot;right&quot;  way to do the postures.Then I got my hands on this book.  There are  still a few postures I can't do, and shouldn't  do, and will never be able  to do.  For the rest, Mr. Kraftsow shows adaptations that are allowing me  to ease back into my practice, and feel like I'm doing myself some good.  If you've looked everywhere else, try this.I do have a problem with this  book, though.  It's not for beginners.  It does give decent descriptions of  what you should be doing at each stage of a posture, and how each stage  should feel, but it doesn't give those things with the descriptions of each  series of postures.  I think that's a big drawback; you're not going to  follow one of his practices and keep flipping backward to find out how  exactly to do it.  On the other hand, if you're not a beginner, this may be  as good a book for you as I'm finding it is for me.
I have a Computer Science background and I have worked in various capacities ranging from software design and development to systems engineering and project management.  I work on a lot of large scale software programs which rely on robust, properly designed relational database systems.The authors start off with a very accurate statement in the introduction; knowing and understanding both data modeling and database design techniques and applying that knowledge to logical and physical  database design are important knowledge assets.The book starts with an introduction to ER diagrams which are frequently used in conceptual data modeling.  Some sage advice is given in the "Tips and Insights for Database Professionals".  The next chapter delves into UML, which I have seen used on every program I have worked on.  Indeed, having a working knowledge of ER and UML diagrams helps convey your designs in a more-or-less standardized language format.  Not all organizations embrace all types of UML diagrams, so a generalized knowledge is key, and this book only touches the surface of both UML and ER diagramming.  I would recommend supplemental references for really getting into UML or ER diagramming.The next chapter is on requirements analysis and conceptual data modeling.  The authors contend that RA feeds conceptual data modeling using ER and UML diagrams, which I have found to be common.  Moving along, there is a discussion on transforming the conceptual data model to SQL.  This is a good high level introductory chapter.  From this chapter, we move into normalization.  Normalization is difficult and requires proper performance analysis.Chapter 7 introduces an example of logical database design.  This example is short and simplistic but it does convey some good points.  The next chapter on object relational design takes the reader a step farther.  All programs I have worked on involved object oriented design and implementation, and this chapter attempts to reduce the impedance mismatch typical of marrying object oriented software with a relational DBMS.Chapter 9 involves XML and Web Databases, or web technologies and how they impact database design.  A brief discussion on web technologies and the architecture of databases in websites is given.  Next, we have a very long chapter on Business Intelligence, covering aspects of data warehousing, OLAP and data mining.  Chapter 11 discusses commonly used CASE tools useful in database design.  This is relatively good information, but keep in mind that you will typically be bound to the software or CASE tools that have been chosen for your organization.  The rest of the book is a reference appendix on SQL and references.Overall, this book covers a lot of ground, lending itself to an introductory database modeling and design course and the undergraduate or graduate level.  Since there is a lot to the art of database modeling and design, this relatively small book can't provide the depth needed to readily assist a seasoned professional, but it is ideal for someone starting out or a junior level engineer in industry.  I have used this book a couple of times as a reference but I typically find myself wanting to know less about theory and more about practical application of knowledge.  So for the right audience, this is a good introduction and reference.
I had watched the video based on this book in a class, three years prior to listening to the audiobook- the video is a more worthwhile method of capturing the story, but the audiobook is well-done by the reader.  I could have done without the long commentary by the author, and the scenario of old friends getting together before and after the story itself.  Skip over the very beginning and very end and just listen to the actual story.  It is a short story with a lot of meaning.  It is a lot of common sense, but it is a fun reminder for those who are not open to change.
Books with unreliable narrators abound in the world of adult publishing. In the world of children's books they're less common but not necessarily unheard of. Heck, Walter Dean Myers's &quot;Monster&quot; is a good example of that. But how common is the unreliable narrator who tells a story over the course of thirteen books, growing less and less reliable as time goes by? Part of what I like so much about &quot;A Series of Unfortunate Events&quot; is the fact that our author, Lemony Snicket, is becoming more and more important to the Baudelaire orphans on a personal level. Heck, in &quot;The Hostile Hospital&quot; we even see a photograph of him in the story! But I get ahead of myself...In this latest adventure, the Baudelaire orphans have, for the first time, found themselves without a guardian. You can decide if that's a good or bad thing for yourself (especially when you consider some of the awful places they've found themselves in the past). For the Baudelaires, they probably view it as a bad thing. After all, they're on the run from the law. Falsely accused of murdering Count Olaf (who is alive and well and currently tracking the kids down yet again) they find themselves taking brief refuge in the Heimlich Hospital. There, they start working in the Library of Records, a huge space filled with file cabinets containing all kinds of information. While there the three discover a file entitled &quot;Baudelaire&quot; containing information that raises some very peculiar ideas about the fire that destroyed their home and (possibly) their parents. But when Violet is captured by Olaf and his troupe of horrible actors, it's up to the two remaining orphans to save their brainy sister.The kids have faced some awful misses in the series before. Yet I think that the horrible fate awaiting Violet in this particular tale is really the worse yet, though. Just a glace at the cover will give you an idea of what faces the pretty fourteen year old. I loved how the mystery of VFD, the Snickets, and Olaf's penchant for fires has started coming to a head. Certainly there are five more Baudelaire stories to be told after this one, but in &quot;Hostile Hospital&quot; you start getting the distinct feeling that Lemony may not be a particularly unbiased author. For genuine edge of your seat thrills, this book is truly exciting. Before my beddy bye I was going to stop reading for the night around page 129 but found that the tale was impossible to put down. I didn't stop reading until 255. I also kept jumping back to my &quot;Unauthorized Autobiography of Lemony Snicket&quot; to try to piece the different clues together that I had found. Very slowly a frightening portrait is emerging. It's delightful.For any kid that loves either this series or just mysteries in general, &quot;The Hostile Hospital&quot; delivers. Is it miserable? Oh yes, entirely. It's also great reading.
It took me a while to warm up to this book, but I persisted due to my friends' enthisiasm for the story. I'm glad I stuck with it. Eventually, I could not put it down. Marvelous work.
i obtained this book while taking a graduate-level neuroanatomy class and only wish i'd have come across it sooner! very educational yet fun way to study the brain (like flashcards only more fun). coloring allows you to follow pathways and draw distinctions between different areas--all with the stress reduction associated with child's play! :) appropriate for those in specialized medical training, as well as psychology/neuropsychology students looking for a better understanding of brain anatomy and function. very helpful, well-organized, and easy to understand text on a very complicated subject. excellent tool for visual learners, as the colored images become embedded in your mind's eye, making the recall associated with test-taking a lot easier.
BE CAREFUL WHAT YOU WISH FOR. Not all that glitters is gold.A perceived blessing might not be a blessing at all.
When I first encountered this book, the title puzzled me. In the first segment, the usage of the word "or" clearly was meant to be in the exclusive sense, which is something that is simply not true. Properly done, doing something other than selling more goods by dropping the prices below the level of profit, growth leads to additional profits. That is the sensible way business is done. The second segment then appeared to be a reinforcement of the premise of the first segment. From my perspective, it seemed to say that it was no longer necessary to do business the "old way" by having to exclusively choose between growth and profits.  This was further reinforced by the first sentence on the dust jacket, "'Sustained growth or strong profitability: pick one. You can't have both.' That is the conventional wisdom." This is a statement that I fundamentally disagree with. Therefore, my perspective on the book was skewed before I read the first page.That biased attitude was changed somewhat but not totally as I read the book. The authors cite case studies of companies that embarked on dramatic new business lines and made them work. The companies profiled in depth are Best Buy Company Inc., Nestle, Nokia Corporation, Royal Dutch Shell, Ericsson Telephone AB, Dow Chemicals Company, Medtronic Inc., Canon Inc. and Sharp Corp. In each of these companies, you find segments possessing a great entrepreneurial spirit. There were groups of people willing to take risks and accept the consequences, even at the risk of damage to their careers. Sometimes that even meant that they had to break company rules, which created a problem for their supervisors. How do you punish someone for breaking the company rules when the consequences for your company were very positive? In other words, the rules were probably wrong.As I read through the case studies, while I was impressed by the actions of the executives of the profiled companies as they moved into new lines of business and made them work, I kept going back to the major premise of the book. The successes that are cited contradict that premise and I still question whether the exclusive nature of the choice between growth and profits is in fact a conventional wisdom. It is a good book, but not quite good enough to give it five stars.
I don't see how anyone can possibly compare the writing in this book to the DaVinci Code.  While the DaVinci code is a great story, the writing is very Grisham-like and reads like 10th grade level novel.  Come on.The Rule of Four is extremely well written compare to 'Code', and the story is good to boot.Go back to Grisham folks.
"Sister Carrie", to begin with, is written in a most curious fashion. Theodore Dreiser, an author I'd never heard of before, writes in a very interesting and distinct style. Some would probably feel frustrated with it, as well as his rather blunt way of writing, but it's rather different and certainly good.A story of a girl's slow and steady rise, "Sister Carrie" will capture readers first with its intrigue. Obviously, the idea of young Carrie whisked away to the city and within moments as a wealthier man's "wife", will have raised a few eyebrows. The way her life progresses is interesting too, from extremely low, to good, to almost better off, to bad, to better, and then finally to excellent. Her personality, though relatively static, is curious to follow as well. At first, as a meek, shy, pretty girl, she gives off the very image of chastity. At the end, she is a strong, independent woman. The change is slow, and yet Carrie does not ultimately change all that much.Above all, though, it's a great read. It's written in such a way that's easy to read, and though there are the usual dry spots of an early 20th century novel, it reads well. Characters are impressive in their realistic qualities - their weaknesses, their faults, their virtues and their beliefs. The story progresses smoothly and will keep the reader hooked.A great read, cool writing, and a curious story. All in all, a pretty awesome book. I wish I'd found it sooner. Recommended!
This series by James Patterson is one of my favorite reads.  It is somewhat predictable at times but still a good read.
Nancy Mitford is best known as an author of witty, elegant novels like The Pursuit of Love and Love in a Cold Climate.  In the 1950s and 1960s she also produced a number of historical works, of which The Sun King is one of the best.The Sun King is a personal biography of Louis XIV.  It does not deal in great detail with the political, military, or economic issues of Louis XIV's reign but primarily focuses on his personal life and that of his family.  Louis married his double first cousin Marie Therese of Spain (she being his genetic sister for all intents and purposes, the reader is amazed that his family turned out as strong and healthy as they did).  He also had three major mistresses and a string of casual acquaintanceships which produced a number of illegitimate children.  His numerous relations also produced a quantity of children and had many extramarital relationships.A major part of the book deals with the construction of Versailles.  Indeed the book seems almost to be a biography of the chateau.  The profuse illustrations, including many photographs of the chateau and its grounds, add immeasurably to the pleasure of reading this work.But the most compelling reason for reading The Sun King is to enjoy Mitford's elegant, witty, prose style, which is as much in evidence here as in her novels.
How can you describe the horror of watching life as you know it destroyed as your entire family is brutally tortured to death before your eyes? Wiesel's starkly honest memoir is a warning to all of us who are complacent in our insulated lives.
Another reviewer though this was beginner stuff - ashallow reading I think, for this is one of the mostadvanced copywriting books of all.Collier wrote a long time ago.  His language is stuffyby today's standards and people who do not like oldfashioned books will not enjoy this one much.His understanding of human nature is profound.  Thepeople he was selling to were less jaded than today'sconsumers however - he was really a pioneer of sellingbooks profitably through the mail.I don't recommend this book to people of borderlineliteracy or those who despise black and white movies -they won't like it.Today you can get it on PDF but I say buy the book itselffor a few more dollars- it's been kept in print by hisfamily who publishes it and does a nice job with thebinding of the paperback.
My not quite 2 year old great-grandson thinks it's very funny for an animal to change its colors!  It's a charming book.  As it's a board book he can look at it without having someone else turn pages.i recommend it.
I've tried language courses on CD before. Usually they start off with `Hello, my name is James and I am from London', that sort of thing. Actually, the sort of things you never say to anybody when you go to another country. And you get those ridiculous conversations in shops, or at the railway station... they don't help at all do they?It would be better to have somebody who knows what they are doing to teach you how to speak a language, and this is what Michel Thomas does. You become part of his little class, along with the two students.Michel Thomas famously says on here that if you can handle verbs, you can handle the language - everything else is just vocabulary. So he doesn't waste any time teaching you vocabulary, though you will pick up the odd word here and there. He teaches you how to make sentences, how to use verbs, how to communicate. You may wish to pick up a book on vocabulary to help with `everything else'.I found the method very exciting because it is immediately different from other methods. He explains everything with a new clarity so you grasp it straightaway, more or less. You need to listen more than once. After four or five listens to each disc, I found I didn't need to listen again, and each disc builds on the previous one.It seemed to me that people travelling on business would find this particularly useful because the kind of things you'll be saying are to do with doing, possibilities, time, direction, requests. There's never anything about asking for an ice cream or buying stamps. You will, on the other hand, be able to ask why somebody hasn't done something yet, and when they are going to do it. It's more like real language.The two students are a learning device. I think they help greatly and don't find them annoying. Often you'll be cleverer than they are, but spotting when they're wrong is part of the learning process. There are times when Michel Thomas seems dismayed at their inability to grasp a concept or a pronunciation, and you may end up shouting `Stupid!' at them, but it does help you learn. It really does.Michel Thomas himself I find very entertaining to listen to, and I liked his 'handles' and 'vile (weil) situations' as aides memoire. His reputation as a teacher is entirely deserved. It's just a shame there aren't more CDs to go onto when you finish these.The highest recommendation I can give is that I got truly excited at the thought of starting the next disc. Language course are usually a chore, dull and uninteresting. This one is just the opposite.
Our TV fav host and ID does a neat thing: he answers emails and the publishes them with his answers and graphics.The show is really Michael's wonderful personality and design flexibility.  Here it shows in advice on all rooms from kitchen to bath to living room to bedroom to dining room to family room and all others.  His adept touch is in them all, such as this suggestion in regards to breathing new life into stale furniture on a tight budget: "have it professionally painted."  It's answers like this that endure this guy to us in HGTV's audience.The index here is critical, since it cross-sections his answers not just by room, but by style, by topic e.g. wall color, by furniture piece, etc.100 of them with good color shots and sketches and Michael.  Only thing wish he'd included was a recommended bibliography for us who would like to go deeper.
Little Bear is my favorite kids' book.  It's just so perfectly adorable and innocent, and of course being an &#34;I Can Read&#34; book is great for beginning readers.  I purchased this as a gift, and have the same one in hardback for my daughter.  However, even though the front looks identical, my hardback has a bunch more stories than this one.  This book has 4 Little Bear stories- &#34;What Will Little Bear Wear?&#34;, &#34;Birthday Soup&#34;, &#34;Little Bear Goes to the Moon&#34;, and &#34; Little Bear's Wish&#34;.  Timeless and classic and so beautifully written!
Love the way the verbs are laid out.
But having read a lot of screenplay books and written more than a few unsuccessful screenplays, I 'd say that Viki is a pioneer in the rapidly expanding field of screenplay coaching.  The much more highly touted Blake Snyder credits King in the preface to 'Save The Cat'.  I think maybe he ought to have done more.  Really, it's the King-Snyder School of Screenplay Method.  The "Blake Snyder Beat Sheet" is strikingly reminiscent of the King's "9 minute" beat outline.  King makes most all of the points that Snyder makes, although she does not expand on them.  The book is concise, somewhat laconic, really the first "bedside" pocket-size reader of the A-list screenplay writing manuals - with which, in its aforestated individualistic way, it is to be studied. Juxtaposition - isn't that sort of what Robert McKee means by "turning" a scene on story values?  In one word. Someone once lamented that with all the great advice on writing available, a paucity of great writing seems always to be the rule.  Why?
This book was impossible to put down.  Although a little gory, I truly enjoyed the plot.  (I mean, after all, Hannibal IS a cannibal.)  I found the end to be delightfully intriguing and the plot was fantastic.  Ignore  the bad reviews and read it.  It blew me away.
This book gets off to a slow start but it is worth hanging in for it gets better and then very good.
I don't really understand all the fuss about Rebecca. Out of all the novels I've read by Daphne Du Maurier (Jamaica Inn, Hungry Hill, Rebecca, and the Loving Spirit), Rebecca was my least favorite, and HUNGRY HILL was my FAVORITE. I liked Rebecca, I just think it's a bit overrated, and many of Daphne Du Maurier's other novels are underrated - especially Hungry Hill and The Loving Spirit.Hungry Hill is epic. It tells the story of four generations of one family - not only centered around the business of the copper mine, but their personal lives and the ongoing feud with the Donovan family. It's one of those books where you get to know and love the characters - well, some of the characters. If you're like me, you'll love &#34;Greyhound&#34; John, Fanny Rosa, &#34;Wild&#34; Johnnie, Katherine, and Jane. I even had a bit of a soft spot for the &#34;slatternly&#34; Kate Donovan and her brother Sam. But, if you're like me, you'll dislike and regret the existence of characters like Copper John and his grandson Harry.I especially loved &#34;Greyhound&#34; John. I've never loved a character in a book like I loved him. He understood the poor townspeople, unlike his industrious, &#34;ambitious&#34;, and greedy father. He understood the senselessness of the feud with the Donovans - whether the Donovans even did or not. And he just wanted to enjoy life, race his greyhounds, live and let live. I don't want to spoil anything, but I became so attached to his character that I was deeply depressed when a certain thing happened to him. And I almost lost my will to finish the book.It's a bit difficult for me to put into words why I loved this book. To me, it was just very engaging and moving. It's a great story. Honestly, it's been quite a while since I read it. I just noticed that there weren't many reviews for it, so I thought I'd write one. If you read and liked The Loving Spirit, then you'll probably like this one too. It follows multiple generations of a family in the same way. It is perhaps a bit less romantic than The Loving Spirit, and it doesn't have the happiest of endings. But the spirit of romanticism is definitely there in the characters of Greyhound John, Fanny Rosa, and &#34;Wild&#34; Johnnie especially, and between the lines of the book.
One of the toughest, most interesting non-fiction reads I've experienced.The Souls of Black Folk was required reading for me this year - although the class only dealt with five or so chapters, I was so intrigued by what I was reading that I had to finish the entire book.Each essay provided plenty of food for thought - but most interesting to me was the essay on the education of former slaves - what was appropriate and what was not.  This is a part of history that really hasn't been part of my education, and not only did I find it enlightening, historically speaking, I also found it to be relevant today - for all types.With our focus on getting straight into college after high school (and my experience with some siblings that just doesn't work for), I think what Du Bois has to say is incredibly insightful.  Not every person is cut out for a life of academia after high school, and specialized training is there for a reason.  As I attend school, and each semester say goodbye to more and more friends who just, for whatever reason, are not coming back, I find myself thinking more about the ideas that Du Bois so eloquently writes down.I recommend this reading.  I think everyone should read it - and I challenge you to do so.
This is not usually my genre, but a fascination with Everest led me to this novel. It took me to the mountain, wove a tapestry of characters that I felt I knew and told a love story that was both moving and powerful. The fact that the central character was a woman chasing her demons and not having to act like a man to prove her strength was refreshing. I have read real accounts of treks to Everest and this novel was not short on the reality of the challenges and the excitement of climbing Chomolungma - the mother goddess of the Earth. Good story.
This book may be short, but it ends on such a great note (sad, but great!) The main character is developed beautiful and as a reader we can understand him completely and we can feel his pain, worry, and frustration. The grandfather is shown with two side, one side not being that pretty. However much the story is about Willy and his grandfather, it is more just about Willy and his dog, and it is this relationship that makes the book what it is, beautiful.I would recommend this to anyone, adult and child alike.
This book was a mind blowing experience for me.  Even if none of it were true, just the "thoughts" associated with processing this book created for me an incredible journey of probabilities and possibilities!  I feel compelled to share some of the highlighted pieces of wisdom/truths as follows:- Familiar with the term "Muscle Bound", we as a species have grown "Ego Bound".- Evil does not exist.  However, the closest description of what it is......is "ignorance".- During "sleep" we leave our bodies to explore other portions of ourselves, other dimensions, other realities and other probable selves.- During "sleep" we start out meeting our true selves at a non symbolic "spiritual" level and then digress towards "archetypes" and then to "symbols" of which we as a species for the most part remember only fragments in the morning.- During "sleep" we can accomplish more than when we are "awake".- During "sleep" we are more "awake" than when we are "awake".- Thoughts are things.  This is the nature of reality.- "Ghosts" are thought-forms sent by survival personalities out of lingering deep anxiety.- Judas represented a "self-betrayer" fragment of the Christ.- Time and space is an illusion.  It is a camouflage.  It is a lie.  What we perceive as the physical world "pulses" or blinks.  In between the blinks exist other realities and probable selves/fragments.- We individually and as a species create our own realities or illusions.  We create matter and not the other way around.- We as individuals and a species select our own physical lives that is acted out as "drama".  All the world is a stage.- Christ will come for a second time.  However, his second coming will be as strange to the Christians as his first coming was to the Jews.  "He will return to straighten out Christianity, which will be in a shambles at the time of his arrival, and to set up a new system of thought when the world is sorely in need of one."  This divine thought system is available now.  It exists as A Course In Miracles or ACIM.- The "Christ" existed as three (3) personalities.  They were John the Baptist (prepared the way), Historical Jesus (presented the spiritual ideals) and Paul (was to set up a framework of "ideas").  Paul failed.- "The Hebrew God became a symbol of man's unleashed ego."The greatest chapter is "The Meaning of Religion" but don't read that until you read it in the proper sequence or it will make no sense.I found many similarities to the Edgar Cayce material but the Seth material is so much easier to read.  While it is easy to read it is not easy to accept.  I found myself stopping to absorb what it was I was experiencing and then after settling down a bit I continued on.I am definitely happy with this book and will read the next subsequent Seth Book.And finally the biggest mind blower is that Seth states that the crucifixion was a "psychic event" and Christ was not physically crucified.  To me it appears that the historical physical event played out similar to what is contained in the Nag Hammadi Library tractate called "Apocalypse of Peter".  Specifically the references to the "Laughing Christ".
I have been donating spare cycles to Folding@Home.  I have a 4 way Intel, and a NVidia graphics card, and the NVidia card outperforms the main computer engine by far in churning out the floating point calculations Folding@Home wants...  So I had been interested in what was available. NVIDIA has a toolkit out that allows you to access the CPUs on the graphics card.  The toolkit is called CUDA.I'm a retired programmer with 30 years of programming experience.  While I don't work hard, these days, I like to keep my hand in, keep up with technology.And it seemed that the floating point processing power that was available in the GPU had to be looked at.It seemed serendipitous that this book became available from Vines just as I was looking at CUDA and the power of the GPU.Now, when I was a young (19 year old) programmer, someone gave me an enormous scheduling problem to do.  A hundred students had to be assigned to discussion groups.  Each student was available at some times and not at others (they might be in class, for example). They were male and female and it was imperative that the sexual balance of the group be respected. Study groups had to end up with 4-8 people, if too few or too many, try again using another choice set.The student's numbers, requested discussion group numbers, and sex were punched onto cards.I wrote a FORTRAN program (it was 1970) that read the cards into an array (as few bytes per student as possible) and started traversing the problem set. And it was taking a very long time.  Finally, I modified the program to check one of the toggle switches on the console, and to dump its state to the console and stop if one of the switches was toggled, and left, late Friday night, with instructions on the console that the operator, on Monday when they needed the computer, should flip the switch and wait for the program to print.  The program ran for a CPU Weekend.  CPU Weekends were important back then.  The most processing that one programmer could do was to run for a weekend.  When I worked at IBM Research, Fractals were developed by that MIT guy using spare CPU Weekends.Now the machine I had use of in 1970 was an IBM 1130. It had 8k of core memory and a 3.2 microsecond cycle time, and a 1 megabyte hard drive.  I expect that I could exhaustively search through  all potential solutions and find the best fit in a few minutes to an hour today, on my desktop PC.  But this was a slow machine. It finished no more than 20% of the search in the CPU Weekend.  I declare d the problem "too large to compute" and tried a Monte Carlo approach, where I learned the weaknesses of pseudo random number generators.These days, the CPU Weekend, the largest piece of work that can be computed in spare cycles, is what can be processed on a Desktop PC with a high end NVIDIA graphics card, over a weekend -- because the $200 NVIDIA Superclocked GTX 460 is the most powerful mass marketed computer to date.So, I started to think, was this power accessible?  Could one reprogram the calculation loop of a spreadsheet, one that might have a million or more rows, to calculate in parallel?  How about inherently parallel languages, like J, where data is commonly held in matrices and procesed all at once, in parallel. Could you speed up that sort of processing by reprogramming the calculation loops of J, so that when you casually toss around a large matrix it can be processed in parallel?And then I saw this book.  I was intrigued.  Actual projects?  Source code, maybe?  Explanations?And today the book came.Now, I was a bit disappointed.  These were all independent papers.  Many of them basically say the same thing.  We had a computationally hard problem.  We reprogrammed it to use CUDA.  It sped up a whole lot.  We were happy.  There is a chart that was repeated in study after study.  It goes something like:We had been running the app on a 2.6 Gz Intel core ?? chip.  The app ran in 50 seconds.  We reprogrammed it for an 8 way Intel chip, the latest, and we were able to do the computation in 10 seconds.  When we ran it on a NVIDIA using CUDA, we were able to run the app in 0.12 seconds after applying full optimization.  Our first try at NVIDIA got us a 3 second compute time, but we did something fancy and we were able to get another 75% reduction over these three stages.  But the detail of that optimization is not explained here.The chart is almost exactly the one in the CUDA Programming Guide, where they note that the GTX 480 has a theoretical floating point output of over 1.3 teraflops.  Some of the researchers got 85% of theoretical max.One line from the Introduction intrigued me.  We expect processing power to double every two years, although these processors are not getting faster, they are just adding more cores.  When people port their compute bound app from a high end Intel box to a GPU, the app runs 10 to 100 times faster. So, in a way, people who port to GPUs travel 8-12 years into the future. And there is no reason to believe that GPUs won't continue to add processing power, since they can add more cores or speed up the ones they have, since right now they are loafing at 1500 mz.  So they have traveled to the future and need not come back, but we can reap the benefits of their computation.There was a lot of detail in the book, but it was the wrong sort, for me.  If I were a physical chemist, say, the equations that describe the end location of the electron in the shell and how its position was calculated would have been more useful.  It was probably obvious to other physical chemists how they would translate those equations to an algorithm, but it wasn't to me. In a few places people included application pseudocode, while, all too briefly, actual code was quoted, but I didn't see any explanations - especially not in the detail I hoped for. To be clear, there was plenty of detail; it just wasn't where I needed it.In "A Brief History of Time", Hawking was warned by an editor that every equation he put in his book would halve the readership. By that principle, this book is flat out of readers. 'So in the end, I was disappointed. If I were looking at the cost of a supercomputer, and needed a lot of floating point processing to achieve computational goals, and was told that my budget was so large that it meant layoffs, well, I might see this as proof of concept.  I could use this book as a justification in putting a staff together to investigate the use of CUDA and NVIDIA rather than more traditional supercomputer vendors.If I was one of those investigators, this book would hardly be useful, other than as a way to determine if the speedups I was getting were in line with what the rest of the industry was getting on similar projects.All that said, this is still a four star book. If you are the person who needs this book, it is a great book, pretty much unique in its field.
This is a review of the free Kindle edition.  Keynes does a great job of talking about the Treaty of Versailles, and his disappointment really shines through.  He has a clear idea of what will happen due to the "Carthaginian" peace, and he's pretty accurate in his fears for the future.Definitely grab if you have any interest in 20th Century history.
Although this book was written about 15 years ago, it is even more timely. Buying indexes andnot believing talking heads on tv financial shows (Cramer) and news letters is very important.Follow the basic tenets for long term investing and you will be successful.
We are unlikely to see many detective novels like this again. On the second page, the detective is in a cafe drinking a geuze lambic. This is surely one of the oddest flavors ever to appear in whodunitry. Sam Spade couldn't choke one down. Even less likely is the plot which hinges not so much on a story as on an incident.Simenon is remarkably stingy in giving up the details of what's behind the incident at the start of the book and it's the slow unraveling of an ancient crime and its bitter consequences that make the story.This is a book you'll read in an afternoon and think about forever.
I'm now a CISSP certified and I can easily say that over 90% was because of Shon's book, I read all the major ones that they have in the market and the key diference was not only that Shon prepares you for the exam but you come out understanding the reason why of certain key topics. Most Prep Guides just give you a short summary of information but do not explain how it would work in the &quot;big picture&quot; of life. Well Shon takes care of that. She goes in depth in all 10 domains (without being over boring) and she gives good examples of real life situation and how you would use it. If you have Shon's book you are well ahead of the game. The CISSP exam it is one of the hardest one I ever took, mainly because of the huge amount of topics that you will find and will need to know about the 10 domains, but it is one of the most gratifying certifications title to have.
This is the third Gervase Fen mystery, following on from The Case of the Gilded Fly and Holy Orders, and is generally considered the best of the series. This is very much a light hearted, Golden Age mystery, with liberal literary quotes and references to the author - at one point Fen is making up possible book titles for 'Crispin' for example. It is set in 1938, but was written in 1945 and contains a magical and unreal storyline which does require a certain amount of 'joining in' with the sense of the impossible and madcap qualities of the novel.The story begins with poet Richard Cadogan, a poet, who goes to Oxford for a holiday. However, with the last train halting at Didcot, he hitches a lift and then begins to walk. On the way he comes across an open toyshop and, on investigating, finds the body of a murdered woman upstairs. Of course, he contacts the police, who go back with him in the morning, only to find there is no toyshop and no body. Cadogan goes to his old friend Gervase Fen for help, who happily helps him in a madcap investigation concerning eccentric wealthy ladies, legacies, a sinister lawyer and lots of chasing various people around Cambridge. Of course, there is a pretty girl to protect and, also of course, Fen is impatient that nobody else seems to have worked out who committed the crime and wraps the mystery up prettily by the end of the book. Great fun and a good example of the authors work.
I mourn Julian Kestrel, and even more, I mourn Kate Ross, the gifted writer who created him.  I would have read ten, twenty or more Kestrel books, but alas, there are only four.  In WHOM THE GODS LOVE, Kestrel investigates the death of a "golden boy" who turned out to have a nasty way of ferreting out other people's secrets and turning them to his advantage.  The question is, which of Alexander Falkland's many victims finally killed him?  Like Anne Perry, the late Ms. Ross touched on the social problems of the time, but her touch was lighter.  I recommend WHOM THE GODS LOVE and all the other Kestrel books to anyone who enjoys the work of Anne Perry and Dorothy L. Sayers.
It explains when to use the verbs based on the tenses and it gives you exercises; I will recommend it; this book will guide you in any Spanish Grammar topic (imperfect, past tense, reflexives, etc)
Love the Serrailler family - except Simon! Great mystery,with a sense of the genuine frustration of the police intrying to fit together all the very small pieces that areevidence in a crime.
This book is a great monument to Rodney Dangerfield's memory. It is honest, earthy, filled with stories of his pain and the jokes he told that relieved everyone else's pain. The book is a goldmine of one-liners. I mean it as a tribute to say I wish there had been more material about some of the movies.
It was interesting hearing about Kerouac &amp; Cassadyfrom a woman's point of view, especially a woman whowas so intimately connected to the dynamic duo. Shedwelt on the negative ramifications a bit too much formy taste, but then again, these have never been reallyexamined in much detail prior to this books release.For those of you who have at least a passing interestin the beats, I would recommend this book.
Although he admits his sympathies are with the Indians, the author has produced a remarkably thorough and sound case against the FBI's reign of terror against the American Indian Movement. But has the exposure in this book or other outrageous incidents throughout history made much difference when it comes to the acts of the white man? Sadly, no. In reality, nothing can ever make it right again. Will Leonard Peltier eventually be free? I doubt there is a white man or black man, for that matter, who has the courage to do so. I fear that only in death will that happen. Make no mistake, though, Peltier is no hero...and no martyr...but just another high-profile symbol of the injustices against Indians in this white man country. Although tremendously enlightening I couldn't help but wonder as I finished this book why Peter (or someone) has not done an update...although I understand little can or has been done to change things. I also couldn't help but fantasize about what the US government could do now as a token towards the Native American. Maybe unite as many tribes as possible and GIVE the Indians Yellowstone, Rainier, Yosemite,Zion National Parks...as well as the Mark Twain National Forest for their separate nation or states. As you might have guessed, I believe that Matthiessen has done a masterful job. Let Spirit live on...
Two big pitfalls related to investing get people into trouble: Poor Planning and getting emotions involved to cloud one's true judgement.  This book systematically breaks down appropriate decision making when it comes to investing.  The writing style is easy to follow, and can be assimilated by people at any level of investing - pre-contemplation, active investing or even seasoned veterans. There is great insight by the author, David Adler, on how his principles can apply to many different methods of investing.The proper state of mind, and making sound decisions is the key to your success.  Before you make that plunge of selling off your investment or making that big purchase, consider this book to guide you to make the right decisions.Highly recommend this book to ANY investor.
I'm not new to Instagram and have been using it for a few years before about this book. I met Jason and his wife Cinnamon at an event held by Jim Cockrum in 2013. I invested in his book because he and his wife create American Girl Doll clothes and patterns at Liberty Jane Clothing and I was intrigued with their story.  This book is packed full of nuggets including researching trends in your niche, creating hashtags, finding prospects using hashtags, marketing on Instagram and catalyst for growth.  I highly recommend that you get this book if you are a beginner or seasoned veteran on Instagram. The best part is this book is not based on theory, it is based on results they have thousands of Instagram followers!  Get this book, you'll gain so much value from it!Montina "Sparkwisdom" PortisAuthor of YouTube Video Marketing Secrets Revealed: The Beginners Guide to Online Video Marketing
Whether or not you believe what the author presents, it is a fascinating read.  This is the type of book that incites and individual to maybe question and hopefully dive deeper into their own investigation.  Just as a heads up, the author's other book The Temple and The Lodge is not worthy of this initial writing and should be avoided.
I loved this book.  It is rich in culture, drama, and unexpected turns.  I recommend it to everyone.
Hello Folks,This book is jam-packed with excellent information. It has a day-by-day Plan and Success Tracker for eight weeks. It gives you great tips, recipes, and tells you when to go up/down on carbs & fats, when to do high intensity exercise, weight training and long-duration aerobics. It also has affirmations for each day, etc.Wendy, you did a wonderful job, thank you. What I would like to see you do next is make some Outlook add-on, where we can add the routine to our PC calendars.Regards,MarcSan Diego
Be wary of such superfluous claims that one strategy is going "beat" a benchmark especially when those benchmarks are major indices's. That being said, maybe it was a bizarre minyanville publisher that choose the title rather than the author. How this is a serious publishing company I know not, as their their extremely amateurish low resolution animal cartoons seem misfit to represent investing.Feingold lays out his argument in the first quarter of the book as to why the status quo of investing isn't going to work out very well... and he makes a very receptive and compelling case. This made for a very strong entry point into convertible bond segment and he has a lot of valuable, honest insightful information. However, I don't think it's as accessible to the general public as perhaps he would want. Interest rate changes, depreciation, volatility and a general heightened level of complexity are all prevalent in convertible bonds and unless you know the convertible bond market like the back of your hand it probably doesn't behoove mom and pop investors to jump into this asset class.
The other comments capture the importance of this book, so I won't dwell on it. The main point I would like to make is that this book is accessible to somebody who has no programming experience at all, as this was my first book for my first programming language over 27 years ago in my high school. We had a pdp11/70 running UNIX and all I knew at the time was how to do basic UNIX commands (ls, cp, rm, and then cc, of course), and how to drive a text editor, a variant of Emacs.The rest is up to you. You need to have a passion and it will help a great deal to have a mentor or a teacher who can answer all your questions. I knew I had the passion when I couldn't sleep at night.One last thing: Programmers who learn C and really understand it, pointers, and "how strcmp actually works" will be good programmers in higher level languages like Java, Ruby or anything else that comes along. If you start out with the higher level languages and never learn what is really going on at the machine level (which is where C is at), you will write inefficient code and have no idea why. The world is full of programmers like that today. Try not to be one of them.
One of the greatest novel's I ever read. So vivd and detailed .. very hard to put down. Also I am impressed how the author make the story agree with the legend .. still have so well connected story.
Absorbing, thoughtful, introspective.  Seems to be anchored in dreaming, at the same time very real.  A picture of desecration and the witchcraft of radical hatred.
I am using this book for my sociology class, and I must say, it has much to say. It reveals a great deal about the role society plays in every part of our lives.Many of the examples given to support the theories of the men and women who helped shape the field of sociology, are up-to-date.It is refreshing to read a book for class that isn't as old as you are!
Ill keep this short cause I see my opinion is shared by many other reviewers, but I found this book to be both inspiring and applicable, and much better than other real estate books Ive read, whether you are a seasoned realtor or a rookie.  Heres why:1.  Unlike other real estate books Ive read, its not full of fly by night &quot;creative&quot; ideas that may or may not work.  Ive read several books that want to spend all there time talking about everything from FSBO's to borderline deceptive approaches.  This book gives you more of ground up approach and encourages the reader to discover his own techniques for producing listings.2.  Most real estate books Ive read are either too broad, or too specific.  This book blends the two nicely, giving solid principles to form your practices on, and good ideas to sharpen your techniques, suggesting PRACTICAL ways of determining which methods work for you.  Furthermore, it is NOT based SOLELY on what worked for the author, the information is based on empirical data gathered from the most successful realtors in the country.  Very scientific approach.3.  This book goes beyond how to close the deal with John Customer and talks about how to build a business from the ground up, and what to do on the way there.4.  Finally, it gives dozens of histories of successful realtors which are fun and interesting to read.I highly recommend this book to anyone in the real estate sales field.  Good read, inspiring, interesting, and practical.
This book has to be the best I have ever read!  Michael Chrichton is a genius when it comes to science fiction.  This book filled my excitement,  adventure and great characters.  Every character is different but alike in  some way.  The beautiful volcanic island setting brings out the characters  innerself.  When the dinosaurs escape they have to get them back on the  cages.  You should read the book to find out what happens!
One of my favorite books.  Well written, interesting, great love story, fascinating concept, utterly beautiful.  I love it.
This is Burgess's masterpiece, a semiautobiographical, chunky, lovely, rich, picaresque feast of a book. The anecdotes come thick and fast, as do the dozens of characters, locations, times and historical events. The way  Burgess wraps Toomey into the twentieth century, being everywhere but  affecting very little, is brilliant. Toomey is the ultimate everyman,  fallable but lovable in his imperfections. The plot is superb in itself,  with a devastating and quite aweinspiring twist at the end. And surrounding  the events of the tumultuous life of Toomey (and with him, the twentieth  century) is a wonderful exploration of all the important things in life -  sex, politics, truth, memory, the past, religion, war, science, death, art,  love, race, nationality - all attacked from different angles by different  characters. Having read this it seems a scandal that Burgess wasn't  honoured enough by his and my country, and that this book was turned down  for the Booker Prize. As Earthly Powers shows, Burgess was very much a  European writer, perhaps even more a Western writer, and he was too  cosmopolitan to be recognised by Britain. It's a shame, because this book  alone is worth a knighthood. You hate yourself for finishing it, because it  becomes a friend; and you can sense Burgess hating to have to finish it  too, because much of his life is bound up in it. Read this and become a  wiser person about the world and about human beings.
As a native Californian, I am familiar with the area.  Steinbeck brought the charaters to life and the actors did not disappoint me - they were exactly like he described them in the book.
A very hard book to put down.It is very hard to truly know how it felt to be a victim, but I will never forget what I have read
One of the best what? One of the best Canadian novels, one of the best war novels . . . take your pick.Joeseph Jonston must only like stories where there are only good people doing nice things, and where children are sheltered from the scary fact that sometimes the world is a bad place. I think this is the problem when you have a work of art as powerful and brilliant as The Wars --- it gets assigned in high schools, and people who wouldn't know a good book from a hole in the ground are made to read it.The Wars examines the physical, emotional, psychological, and spiritual wages of World War One (I think the plural in the title references the fact that there are so many other "little" wars simultaneously going on within the main character, within his family, within society, etc).Findley explores his themes with powerful, poetic, and concise prose. The Wars is a short book, and Findley's fluid style means it can be read quickly. However, not a single word is wasted. The prose is rich with fresh imagery, but those images are never just decoration, or descriptive showmanshp --- they all have their purpose and their place. This is one of the calling cards of a great writer.Some would say the age warning is appropriate. Some of the events of the plot and some of the images are indeed explicitly violent or sexual. They are never gratuitous, and are used to drive home the horror of World War One, but the more squeemish or puritanical readers may find them off-putting.
Does anybody know what the heck the guy from Texas who reviewed this book on October 21st 1998 is talking about?
Daisy Goodwill's story is that of a conventional life, marked by some rather unusual events.  The narration vacillates between first- and third-person, but the voice is mainly Daisy's, beginning with her obese mother's death in bearing Daisy in 1905 in rural Manitoba.  Daisy's stonecutter father hands the infant off to a neighbor woman, Clarentine Flett, who leaves her husband to live with her grown son Barker, a botany professor.  When Mrs. Flett dies suddenly, Barker is left in somewhat of a pickle.  Since it would be unseemly for him to remain the guardian of a 12-year-old girl, Daisy's father Cuyler comes to collect her on his way to a better job in Bloomington, Indiana.  His success there enables Daisy to marry a rich ne'er-do-well, but, alas, he jumps/falls from their hotel window during the honeymoon without ever consummating the marriage.  (Homosexuality is assumed but never mentioned.)  Daisy is now somewhat of a pariah as far as her marital prospects and decides to make a long trip, partly precipitated by her father's remarrying.  The most anticipated stop in her journey is a visit to "Uncle" Barker, at least 20 years her senior, with whom she has kept a steady, though uninformative, correspondence.  The book covers Daisy's entire life and is sort of a faux biography, complete with family tree and photos, the more recent of which are actually the author's children.  I found these touches to be sort of playful on the author's part.  As Daisy later goes on sort of a genealogical quest, I was bewildered that she never manifests any curiosity about her mother.  As with real lives, some secrets are revealed along the way, and some remain buried when the one who harbors them dies.
a classic series with a unique detective am still waiting for PBS to produce this series.  I recommend th ewhole series
This is up to Nesbo's usual clarity and gritty style.  However, the plot is somewhat unbelievable, and the villain a little too much like a supernatural monster.
This was the second book I purchased for an Action Research class I was taking online.  The lack of leadership and support in the class lead me to find my answers in other places.  Our lead text made terms and concepts confusing, but this book made it all seem easier.  I suggest that if you are doing an action research project for your master's degree this is a great purchase!  There are even helpful examples and stories of reflection from the author.  Great book and a true life saver!
It has always been my understanding that Jake is Ernest Hemingway and Brett might be Hadley. Other characters in the story equate to others in Hemingway' s social circle during the early Paris years. I enjoyed the book but was shocked by some of the terminology, but I reminded myself that it was written in a different era that had different perspectives. Being a Hemingway fan, the book took me deeper into his style of writing and of living life.
This novel has one of the best opening chapters of any novel I have ever read. Arthur Rowe is a repressed and guilt ridden man, living out the war in a London boarding house with little companionship.  So, when he comes across a rather sad little wartime fete, he is eager to recall the memories of childhood  it evokes.  During the fete, a misunderstanding means that he wins a cake.  However, the cake was never meant for him and his sudden lucky prize has consequences he could never have anticipated.This book was published in 1943 and, in it, Graham Greene paints an evocative picture of a war weary population.  Arthur Rowe is bombed more than once during the novel and many of the people he comes across have a furtive, nervous air about them.  London has been reduced to almost a series of small villages, with people having to consider whether or not they have time to cross the city before the sirens go.  However, the blitz is not the only problem Arthur Rowe faces.  He finds that he possesses something that the Germans want and they will use any means to acquire it.  In fear of his life, Rowe tries to investigate the organisers of the fete and meets Anna Hilfe and her brother Willi; Austrian refugees, who seem to believe his outlandish story.Although, in essence, this is a story which has been told before &#8211; the innocent man who somehow becomes involved in espionage and murder- rarely has it been told as well as this.  Despite the danger, Arthur Rowe is a man who gradually begins to engage with the world around him again.  This is a disturbing novel in places; a tale of coming to terms with guilt, the weight of memory, of love and loyalty.  Although the main character is mild-mannered and bookish, he has a disturbing past and is suddenly motivated to try to find a future. This is not one of Graham Green&#8217;s most talked about novels, but it deserves to be.  As a novel of wartime, it is fascinating as a portrait of a city which is battered, but certainly not beaten and I am glad that I have discovered it.
I had wanted other books but got this one. Opened it up and did not put it down!! Much of the advice was simple, some new, some old , but put togetherin an easily readable fashion. it offered sensible , easy and sometimes funthings to do, ways to do things etc. Made you remember things you shouldn't have forgotten but did. Very nice to get you thinking.See an excerpt on Amazon to get a feel for this book.
The Outlander series by Diana Gabaldon are the best series of stories I have read in a very long time. In fact they are my favorite! I have voraciously devoured them all. I'm waiting anxiously for the next one, since the characters are scattered through time, and Dianna left us hanging horribly with huge anticipation of disaster in the last book of the series! Her writing leaves the reader with the story deeply imbedded in the subconscious, and I find myself "worrying" over the characters at various moments of the day, every day.  Absolutely the best!
Shirley Jackson's "The Haunting of Hill House" is terrifying in the sense that it shows the dark potential of the human mind. Truly, nothing can be scarier than that, can it? Although it's a relatively short book, and can easily be read within a day or less, it is skillfully written. Not a lot of extra details that don't contribute to the story; just what you need to know about the characters and how they interact. With great similes and metaphors, Jackson truly makes Hill House come alive. Or is it just the characters? Only the reader can decide if the House is inherently evil...or is it the darkness in the human heart and mind that is projected onto the house?Read this and make your judgements, however frightening they may be.
I'd recommend everyone read this book regardless of your place in life or profession. Countless tips that can help on a daily basis are discussed with plenty of examples
I can not attest to the quality of the reader of The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night as I bought it on audio as a gift for a teacher. I am a child therapist and educator who read this book when it was first published. It is a fascinating tale, but more so valuable as a crash course in understanding children with Aspergers Syndrome or aspects of autism. The book is written from the view point of a young man with this disorder and is a window into thinking and behavior. It is fiction and a good story but the insight is invaluable.If you work with children, teach, are a social worker, in juvenile justice or even work with families, read the book. It offers more than a college level psychology course... should be "for credit".
This is one of better novels I've ever read, and not particularly a fan of the genre. There's the mystery and the mayhem, but I was driven to read because Kirino creates real female characters and you care a great deal about what happens to them. While you read because of the main characters, in the meantime the book provides rare, deep insight into the character of Japanese society through its 'outcast' elements. A much deeper and much more interesting Japan than the wornout 'kimono and sarariman' one of proper Japanophilia.
I feel lucky not to have read this literary masterpiece in school when I was younger, because I think my lack of understanding of the book may have lead me to never read it again.  Entering a few short days of a 16 year-old young man, I was reminded of my own teenage life and the feelings it stirred in me.  The level at which Salinger portrays the thoughts, the feelings, and the level of understanding of a 16 year old's mind is wonderfully fascinating.  Having finished the book, I can see why it's on so many banned book lists, and it's not because of the crude language that comes out of Caulfield's mouth.  It's because the book is real, the characters are so real, and that level of realness can be scarry.  Read it.  Get scared.
Good book, how do bonds work? How do you profit from them? What are the risks? This book explains it in a very simple manner.  Provides web sites so you can make informed decisions. I went from a very vague understanding to a very solid one having read this. Thanks to the author
Great book as all Cedar Cove books are - rather like visiting with old friends.  Looking forward to the next one.
Sonna's approach is simple and practical and she presents terrific approaches for starting potty training at any age from early infancy on up.  I especially enjoy the way she presents pros and cons of starting at each age.My daughter, for example, is now 9 months and can sit up well on a potty... this is a pro; a con is that she has become somewhat used to diapers over the last 9 months.Sonna is quick to reassure parents that whatever their child's issues with potty training, and even if their child experiences a small setback, it's not the end of the world.  Considering that a lot of child-directed anger and even abuse focuses on pottying accidents, this is extremely important.Sonna includes, as do most authors on early potty training, descriptions of practices at other times and/or in other parts of the world.  Yet she does not dwell on these but moves right on into the practicalities, applying these practices to 21st century North American life.Sonna uses little anecdotes to introduce of each section and age group - mostly interactions between parents and others who seek to influence their potty training practices, like a traditional Russian grandmother who is surprised and sorry her young grandson is still in diapers - which I found a bit corny.  But again, she doesn't linger on these and the chapters themselves are not corny at all, and full of helpful tidbits.I was a little amused by Sonna's descriptions of using cloth diapers.  She seems somewhat aware of diapers that close with velcro but in other places writes exclusively of pins and prefolds.  She also has some funny ideas, as a previous reviewer pointed out, about the rigours of washing cloth.  Believe me, CDing is a lot more fun than Sonna makes it out to be!Nevertheless, I found this a most helpful and insightful book - far less "all or nothing" than several other EC and early potty training resources I've found and far more realistic and reassuring about typical setbacks.I don't know if Sonna really told me much I didn't know already.  But for its reassurances and its detailed description of the practicalities of pottying at any age, I think it's an excellent resource.
As usual, TY has another great language course. I love this as I love my other one; just a word to the wise: don't buy the newest edition. It is the exact same book, dialogs, recordings, etc. The ONLY new thing about the book is, that for some reason, they decided to make it a glossy edition. You can't underline, mark or write any notes in the book as all the pages are this glossy, slick, highly colored book and they kinda switched a few things around but that's it. The book is beautiful; has nice pictures, reads well, etc. but it is no different than this edition, so don't waste your money if you think the 2010 is a new book; unless you want a beautiful language book with pics to look at! This edition is older but its a great book and well worth the price vs. the extra $3 tacked onto the new one.
I first read this book at my mother-in-law's home in Germany and was thoroughly engrossed by the story and the author's interpretation of Pompeii and what happened there so long ago.  This is a fantastic book and I highly recommend it.  Anything by Robert Harris is GREAT!
Ernest Hemingway's A MOVEABLE FEAST shines an insider's literary light on the ex-pats of Paris in the 1920s with some stellar and not always so stellar views of such luminaries as Sylvia Beach, Ezra Pound, James Joyce, F. Scott and Zelda Fitzgerald, and Gertrude Stein.More than that it offers brief but interesting word sketches of the time and place with some remarkable phrasing or terse descriptions that easily demonstrate why Hemingway received the Nobel Prize for Literature.Occasionally, we find him flipping on the verbal sander blunting a few of the 'greats' which we can either take with a grain of sand or perhaps a whole sheet of good sandpaper. However, he also paints more than a few genuinely touching and flattering looks at some like Sylvia Beach, whose graciousness and assistance helped bring many into the historical limelight.His views of the everyday French working man and war veterans turned waiters or mechanics comes across well as well even when they're serving the less than appreciative ex-pats. Gertrude Stein's snide 'generation perdue' -'Lost Generation'remark makes for a fine example.Over the years I think I've owned at least four copies of this book, one or two that I've lent out or given away, one clean bookshelf copy and one old favorite that I've dog earred, underlined and scribbled notes in (many of which I still can't decipher). 'You can get what at Harry's!?'When I was stationed in the Army in Germany in the 70s I wandered through Paris with a copy of the book in search of the places described and came away with a better feel for the setting and, of course, a better hangover.A MOVEABLE FEAST is an easy read with short chapters. Much like BYLINE: Ernest Hemingway it offers a good look at a writer finding his craft early in his career although with this book the writer is looking back and remembering some better days. Maybe too he was rethinking that courage isn't always grace under pressure but at times simply fear moving forward.A good read for those interested in the subject matter.
The product arrived in a timely manner and in good condition. The book was mandatory for my class, but turned out to be a good  read.
This has been a great and fun book to look up words relating to one another.  Very good to aid in expanding my vocabulary, especially for every day conversation.
Catherine, Called Birdy is the first novel by Karen Cushman-- a now hugely popular YA novelist ( specifically in the YA genre ) who has won the Newberry. Set in the medieval time periods, Catherine is a spunky heroine who keeps an " account" of the goings-on in her quiet home and village . Although she is well and high-bred, her family's poverty asserts she marry wealthy. A score of suitors show up to court the young maiden and Catherine fights them all off... with pranks and pleas and costume changes ( such as mouse bones in her hair and blacking soot on her teeth ). It is Catherine's pursuit of her own happiness that makes this book so intriguing. Her perserverence and her refusal to marry anyone deemd unworthy sets her above the rest.Cushman paints the medieval period without romanticism. It is grubby and gritty and dirty and crass. We see the grease, learn of the privy and hear many of the time's exclamatory remarks.
This creative novel from the always facinating Haruki Murakami is more satisfying and focused than The Wind Up Bird Chronicle because it doesn't keep going off on tangents detailing the past of sevral quirky characters.This novel focuses on the experiences of 2 different characters:A 15 year old runaway who finds a new home in an old library and establishes a connection with the mysterious woman who runs it/A slow witted but charismatic old man who can communicate with cats who finds himself on a mysterious quest to find a stone that may open the door to a different world.There are plenty of fantasy elements but it's blended in so well with reality they don't overwhelm the characters.Murakami nicely sidesteps the rules of conventional storytelling,you don't just go from Point A to Point B and this creates an unpredictable reading experience.For such a creative story though it has the sweet nostalgic feel of a coming of age story at times,terrific sly humor and even a suspenseful climax every bit as creepy as a Stephen King book.A great one of a kind book that is the literary dream equivalent of a David Lynch movie.
I used this book with a student majoring in Nursing, and she learned tons from it. I love the organization: it's very easy to find what one is looking for. There are so many books out there for professionals who want to use Spanish, and many of them are disorganized and weak. This book is AN EXCELLENT RESOURCE for the student who knows the very basics of Spanish.
it is a very good book about the adventure of getting rich, its inspiring and also practical.
While "Sons and Lovers" would not be a best seller if it was written by a current day author, it was, for its times, quite controversial and forward-leaning and should always be considered one of fiction's classics. On its published date, 1914, the world was enamored with Freud's Oedipal fixation and found itself newly-awoken to the sexual side of humanity. Before this era, sexuality was either repressed or made a separate entity away from emotional caring. D.H. Lawrence relit the 'Oedipal candle' and the mother/son controversy went on. While neither Freud nor Lawrence ever fully understood their own sexuality, let alone that of others, this piece of autobiographical fiction allowed society to continue in its personal understanding of its physical self.While I fully agree with other critics that the main thrust of this novel is the interaction of mother and son, I also feel there is much more that can be psychosocially understood from its reading. The mother, in today's terminology was a narcissist. All of her actions throughout this tale are directed back towards herself and her own happiness. She married a very handsome and well-built man because she mistakenly thought that he owned the house in which he was living and that he could provide for her in the manner in which she felt she deserved. When this proved false and her plans became futile, she turned her selfish need for personal fulfillment towards her sons. She felt that it was their duty, and not their choice, to make her happy. Throughout the novel Paul, the younger of the two, is left with this onerous and suffacating burden. In very short order he, too, changes his need structure to rely on her for his recognition and fulfillment. But, his mother being a narcissist, she can never provide this in a mature and caring manner. Instead, she does so in a self-devised and incomplete manner making Paul to always wanting more and more and never feeling complete. He, in turn, was never able to fulfill her insatiable needs of attention and personal fulfillment. Neither person took any responsibility for their own actions or their own psyche and, because of that, eventually developed a love/hate relationship with each other. This is dramatically shown in the fact that Paul, while continuing to profess his love and caring for her, actually murders his mother while she lie on her death bed.In social situations the damage that Paul suffered at the hands of his mother, were generalized into the rest of his life. His work was never fulfilling, his love/hate relationship with his mother translated into an approach/avoidance behavior with women and his ultimate goals in life continued to focus on what would make his mother happy with little or no concern for himself. Because his mother had never equated her sexual life with any type of caring or emotion, Paul, too, made a divide between sex and love and often mistakenly confused one with the other. He never allowed himself to feel both together or, for that matter, had the capability to do so. The women in Paul's life had their own irrational agendas. One sacrificed her life while waiting for Paul to eventually admit his love for her and the other lived her life based solely on her own selfish and ego driven emotions while leaving rational thought unheeded. The author, if this truly is his autobiographical sketch, certainly lived and most probably died a very lonely and disturbed life. He never made the effort nor probably never had the emotional strength to understand himself as an independent being apart from the maternal demands that were continually laid at his feet.While the subject of this book does merit 5 stars, I only gave it 4 stars because of the rambling and diffuse writing that occurs in the first half of the book. Yes, I understand that the author himself viewed life as a rambling and purposeless process but we, as readers. do not need to re-experience his self-confusion in order to fully understand it. We, too, have our own life experiences from which we can draw and do not need our hands held while we come to understand the author's internal insecurities. Nor do we need to have the various derivatives of the work 'hate' be used in nearly every paragraph in order to understand the love/hate relationship that the author had with everything around him. We, too, have a degree of intelligence that can comprehend intense negative feelings directed towards the world.
Lord Jim is Joseph Conrad's most popular novel and possibly his best, which truly says much. A dark tale of human frailty with profound psychological insight, revolutionary narrative techniques, and sublime prose, it is essential for fans of Conrad and classics generally.The most immediate and lasting feature is probably the dense portrayal of the title character, one of literature's most memorable tragic heroes and most fascinating character studies. What makes him so engrossing is that he in many ways has great potential - he certainly has enough strength and determination to be a successful, even admirable leader - yet somehow embarks on a downward spiral leading to bleak death. He is the essence of Conrad's dark vision - average in many respects and extraordinary in some but burdened with a character flaw that leads to his demise. As in much of Conrad, there is a strong fatalistic streak. Jim never would have thought himself capable of the act that led to his ruin, others would have thought it equally impossible, and he is unable to understand it himself while regretting it bitterly - yet it happened. Conrad's real claim seems to be not that it was fated but that humans are inherently frail and that individual flaws will come out in even the most staunch given the right situation - which only the truly lucky avoid. It is easy to condemn Jim, but Conrad was never one to take an obvious moral route, depicting him with characteristically thought-provoking ambivalence. The narrator cannot deny his act's essential despicableness but sees that Jim still has much worth. One of Conrad's great artistic strengths is that he gives much food for proverbial thought but never sinks to the heavy-handedness so common in many other heavy writers and nearly always fatal. Jim is shown from several angles with astounding verisimilitude and piercing psychological perspicuity, but it is up to us to judge him and all he stands for - if we can. Even the harshest cannot deny his essential humanity, which is what makes him so compelling; loathsome as he conventionally is, we recognize the tempestuous darkness beneath his impressive exterior because we have seen it in ourselves. Conrad made a career out of exposing this darkness, and this is a prime example.The ground-breaking and highly influential narrative structure is nearly as notable. The novel began serializing in 1899 and came out in book form in 1900, which is very appropriate since it is in many senses a bridge between the centuries' literature. Elevated language and a historical background tie it to the nineteenth century, but its techniques are distinctly Modernist. Lord is indeed one of Modernist literature's very first examples, far closer in narrative spirit to its wildly experimental novels than to Conrad's Victorian contemporaries. It is told from various perspectives, primarily via a long story by Marlow, familiar from "Heart of Darkness" and other Conrad works. Nested dialogue abounds, and there is also narrative in letter form as well as other complex methods. This multi-faceted approach is fascinatingly wide, giving a grand view of the proceedings. It can be hard to follow, especially as it is far from linear, but I strongly encourage anyone struggling to persevere. As nearly always in such cases, it becomes easier, and the threads come together in the end - indeed spectacularly, if catastrophically, so. Conrad's deft handling of these complicated devices is truly admirable - a difficult artistic feat pulled off with rare acumen.The novel is notable for many other reasons, not least its intriguing peek into a world of sea adventures that is now near-unimaginable. The glimpse of Eastern cultures nearly unknown in the West even now is particularly noteworthy, and the ongoing contrasts between East/West, white/non-white, etc. are dramatized vividly and skillfully. Those with historical interest in the era or place will be particularly invigorated, but the sociological value is at least as high. We learn much about how Victorian society - and of course Conrad, though his style as ever makes it dangerous to draw sweeping conclusions - thought of such cultures and vice versa. This aspect of Conrad's fiction initially overshadowed more important ones, but we can now appreciate them in proportion.As always with Conrad, the prose is also of great significance. He is one of English's great prose stylists, which is truly incredible considering that it was his third language. This has some of his most lyrical and sublimely beautiful writing, whether describing exotic landscapes or the darkness at humanity's heart. The prose is indeed so great that it is one of many reasons making this often difficult read worthwhile.Neophytes would be better off starting with Conrad's more accessible short stories or relatively approachable novels like The Secret Agent, but anyone alive to his fiction - or great literature of any kind - must stop here eventually.
SUMMER is one of Edith Wharton's best novels, in many ways on par with ETHAN FROME, to which it is often compared, especially with regard to its rural setting. As a child Charity Royall, born of degenerate parents and living in squalor on "the Mountain," is adopted by Lawyer Royall after her drunken father is sent to prison. Years later after Charity has grown up, Lawyer Royall wants to marry her, but she rejects him.Later she meets Lucius Harney and they have a "summer" affair. When she learns she is pregnant, Harney abandons her, telling her he is already engaged to a respectable girl in his hometown. Charity returns to the "Mountain" where she attends her mother's burial and then stays on until Lawyer Royall rescues her again and this time marries her.Wharton captures the sordidness of the "Mountain" and the oiliness of Lawyer Royall with unrelenting realism. These are hard people living in a harsh environment (as were the characters in ETHAN FROME), and no one escapes. The burial scene with Charity and her mother is among the best scenes in all of Whaton's works. This is a powerful novel, published just as America was about to enter the Great War.
Dear Mr. Snicket,We have found out about you telling our story, and we wanted to communicate with you. Luckily for us, this reviewer visited the carnival in which we were performing in an unusual capacity (as f-r-e-a-k-s) and agreed to make this message available to you. At first we were enraged, since we realized that you were interjecting funny comments in our story, which seemed to derive from really bad taste. But then we understood, if you did not do that, nobody would want to read about our miserable experiences.As you already know, we barely escaped from the hospital. "Slash!", that was a comment from Sunny, who intends to say that Olaf and his cronies were trying to chop off Violet's head and they almost succeeded. We sneaked into the trunk Count Olaf's car and ended up in this carnival, trying to figure out the secret of V.F.D. If you have any information, please, please, please, help us out. "Chersssh", that was Sunny again, saying that we found out that one of our beloved parents may be alive. If you have any news, we would appreciate you providing this information to us.We have found a few compassionate people in the carnival, but the lions arrived a short time ago, and we are getting scared. If you have any way to contact Mr. Poe, tell him to come rescue us. He seems to have missed our telegram. We are looking forward to hearing from you soon.Sincerely,Violet, Klaus and Sunny BaudelairePS from the reviewer: Mr. Snicket, I realize that you have found out about the events that unfolded at the carnival and already wrote a book about it. I applaud your accuracy in telling the tale and I thoroughly enjoyed your use of humor at such a grim time. I hope you can help these children and I hope I get to find out soon about what happened to them. I have a lot of questions and the suspense is killing me. I will now let you get back to your writing, which I hope many people get to read. Best regards.
This is a must for us stock brokers to get hold of. Probably one of the most precise books about Technical Analysis-Stock Trading. If you are heavily into stock trading and would like to understand and dig deeper into the different price movements and fluctuations, this is the right book for you. The book is "purely technical" though. If you don't have a background on stock trading and a bit too busy to read, Citiseconline also offers INTENSIVE and SIMPLE technical analysis seminars handled by Juan Barredo that would make it easier for you to understand.
When I was very young, I had a moment of godblasted UNDERSTANDING.  Not merely an intellectual understanding, but an emotional and spiritual understanding.  I KNEW what the bleep is going on.  That moment (which lasted I still have no idea how long) informed my life.  At the time, though, I also had no idea where it fit in human experience.  I had no church (thank goodness).  I hadn't yet read all I've read since.  So, being as ELECTRIC as Whitman when he too had his "moment," I went looking for others who could tell me more about that sweet slice of perfect peace and perfect safety and perfect connectedness.  One of the first books I found was this book.  I discovered that Bucke called my moment Cosmic Consciousness, but that it had and has many names over thousands of years.  In the East, it was what we Westerners translate as Enlightenment.  In the West, it is Gnosis.  Enlightenment lives on in the East.  But in the West we have long been denied Gnosis by our churches.  I can see why.  If we all have direct access to the Godhead and Complete Understanding, then we don't need churches.  Bucke gave me the names I sought, those who knew what I knew, and each name widened out my intellectual understanding of what I had experienced.  I still look for those who've had "my" moment and can speak of it with clarity.  This is why months after reading Ki Longfellow'sThe Secret Magdalene: A NovelI am still shouting about it.  If I'd been able to read Longfellow's book long long ago, I'd have known a great deal about the seminal moment of my life, long long ago.
This book clearly depicts the peoples'feelings while in the concentration camps. There is some mention of what went transpired, but the focus' on the people-in particular a child. If you look at this book in a broader sense, it can be applied to today's problem of drugs and drug addicted babies,when they are admist the drug environment. They too are held in concentration camps- brainwashing and abuse run rampant. They are innocent and left to fight to survive--as the people in this book. This novel clearly shows how hope, strength and a desire for a better future are three things that "kidnappers" of any realm can't account for. This is a beautiful story of survival--truly many lessons for all ages and generations to come. Lessons of the past, but certainly can be used for the present, to preserve our future.
Although not a light and humorous as some of Heyer's novels, it still holds up. When will the movie industry stop doing "Pride and Prejudice"  over and over and do some of Georgette's stories. I'd love to see the "Unknown Ajax" in movie form.
Again, Fortune at the Bottom of the Pyramid provides practical hope for people in poverty. Highly recommended.
very sad but realistic as all of john steinbeck books are.I would certainly read it again.sad but good,  just like life
I read this in conjunction with The Paris Wife, and they go well together since the latter is from the point of view of Hemingway's first wife Hadley.  This edition of A Moveable Feast especially with the extra parts added, made for a very good read.
If you are wondering what to read about the Celts, with little previous exposure to the subject, then you only need to know one thing: "The Ancient Celts" by Barry Cunliffe. In fact, forget about this review and just buy it now, it is that good. I am not joking! Go. Now. Why are you still reading???Since you persist, you will find "The Ancient Celts" to be a thorough going introduction to most aspects of Celtic research and history. Cunliffe gives a broad overview of previous Celtic study, the sources and the different influences and prejudices that have wormed their way into the sources and works through history. This provides an excellent back-drop to Cunliffe's own book, and puts it into an historical context of scholarship.For the Celts themselves, the book presents broad overviews of different aspects of Celtic society, culture, art and so on. This is necessarily brief and focuses on those Celtic peoples who are amply attested to. For those others who dwelt more on the fringes of Celtic territory, Cunliffe is rightly more cautious in the few conclusions he draws. Despite this, the treatment is reasonably detailed and will certainly give you enough to go further should you wish to do so.This might sound a bit puerile, but another bonus for me was the ample supply of photos, pictures and diagrams that helped put a more visual facet on the text. One might think that this is a pretty banal comment, but I found it a real boon to be able to see the artifacts that Cunliffe refered to, and appreciate them for myself. The Celtic art was a classic example of this.For those with little geographical knowledge of Europe, I have only one quibble about the book: the paucity of maps. Cunliffe uses a few geographical features, like rivers, which are less than famous. A map or two would have been fantastic for placing events in their proper location. This is just a small point which does nothing to detract from the book in its entirety.While there are other authors out there, I would agree that Cunliffe has achieved possibly the best introduction available on the Celts. If you have not already got it ordered, I suggest you do so now. It is a great book and you won't regret the purchase.
This is a great book to say the least. Use this book to become a proficient Mechanics "Mechanic". There are umpteen problems to make you a winner in any examination in physics and gets you to think visually and also make you proficient in the techniques. Another great book is also David Morin's book "Classical Mechanics". Once you are through with these it will well set you on the path to following Goldstein's or Landau's books on Mechanics with ease.The chapters on Vectors, Newton's equations, Conservation laws, Momentum and Relativity are a must and no doubt sometimes hard going but nonetheless easy to plough through, will definitely get you there to becoming a solid physicist with fundamental grounding that is an absolute necessity.I think this book deserves a gold star and should become a classic if not one already. Books should follow this format
After The Child in Time McEwan went slightly off-course with Black Dogs, Amsterdam and Enduring Love. Despite the awards, critical acclaim and film adaptations, the coterie of fans who have grown with McEwan suspected his powers to be on the wane. Then along comes Atonement. There is no more engrossing, heart-wrenching and insightful contemporary novel. McEwan's social criticism, so skillfully deployed against the ravages of Thatcherism in The Child in Time, here disassembles the arrogance and stupidity of the British upper-classes, the pathos, heroism and squalor of Dunkirk, and the cycle of guilt and forgiveness that writers excise through their work. Both a love story and summation of Britain's 20th century, this novel climaxes with a stunning literary device at once simple and sublime. McEwan is the finest English-language writer and is at the top of his game here. The theme of fractured families struggling against social and psychological oppression, so darkly introduced in The Cement Garden, comes to full fruition in Atonement. Highly recommended, but not as a first introduction to McEwan. Read First Love, Last Rights, the short stories, then go on to The Cement Garden. The journey to Atonement's explosive, wholly satisfying conclusion does not start on the first page of the novel, but decades earlier in McEwan's iconoclastic early musings. Start there, and the experience of Atonement will be worth waiting for, and so much richer.
love the wexford novels!!  great book in a great series!!
Michel Thomas's approach to language learning is the most effective way I have encountered yet - and I have tried a lot of them.  He encourages you to not memorize - if you relax and listen and repeat, it will become part of your vocabulary naturally.  The setting is a classroom where you  participate with 2 other students and Mr. Thomas.He starts you with a few words and builds sentences little by little. The sentences you will be learning are not abstract, but instead, sentences that you will use most often in daily conversations.  My husband is a native Spanish speaker and he was very impressed with his method of teaching.  I highly recommend this set to anyone who is motivated to learn Spanish.
First of all, the positive aspects of this dictionary outweigh the negative aspects.  This dictionary is pretty comprehensive, and works very well on my Kindle.  I have set it as my default dictionary for the Italian language, so when I am reading in Italian, I just need to touch a word, and it brings up the English translation.  Almost any word I have used this for, it has brought up the word, and the English definition.  It includes common idioms as well, so when you look up a word, it will give you the literal English translation, but if it is part of a common idiom, you can check that as well.  It will not automatically bring up the idiom, however, because you can only search one word at a time, but they are usually listed as a subset of the word itself.I have only two complaints, however.  First, this dictionary, for some reason, can not look up reflexive verbs.  They are in the dictionary, but if I look one up, it will not bring up the reflexive verb, but will instead pull up the standard Italian dictionary that comes with the Kindle.  Not an Italian-English dictionary, but Italian, so the definition is in Italian as well.  This actually is not too much of a problem, because when it brings up the reflexive verb in the Italian dictionary, you can just touch the word, and it will then correctly look it up on the Collins dictionary.  In other words, you will still get the definition, it just adds an extra step.My second complaint is that before I set it as the default dictionary, I was able to search this like any other Kindle book, and use the table of contents.  Once it becomes the default dictionary, then I only have the option to search the index, and that is it.  This is problematic, because there is a section on the conjugation of irregular verbs at the very beginning of the dictionary, which was very helpful.  With the table of contents feature turned off, it takes way too long to get there by flipping pages on the Kindle, so I no longer use that.Other than these two problems though, I have no complaints, and am very happy with this product.
Great read. Enjoyed it so much, will read it again. This is my first Paul Theroux book but won't be my last. Now I understand why this is on the list of all-time best books.
The book kept me reading.  I enjoyed the characters (except for the twin who didn't become a doctor and was mean to his brother) and learned a good deal about the setting.  I had no trouble empathizing with the main character and wished that his life had been a bit less sad.
As a big fan of IN THE LAKE OF THE WOODS, I started picking up other Tim O'Brien titles, but never reading them.  Two days ago, for no particularly compelling reason, I picked up THE THINGS THEY CARRIED and couldn't put it down.  This amazing work of "fiction" (it seems to be so intensely personal that it couldn't possibly be deemed only fiction) will leave you breathless and changed.  Just as structure became as important as content in IN THE LAKE OF THE WOODS, O'Brien uses what seems to be a short story structure to tell the tale of his company in Vietnam.  But the overall arc of the novel is so complete and cohesive, that you soon forget the fragmented structure, and just breathlessly turn page after page.  This novel has been widely and hugely praised for over a decade, so I'm not saying anything new; but if you're on the fence about whether to read it or not, or are looking for a piece of fiction to take you right into the mouth of hell in Vietnam, you cannot miss this book.  It is essential.
This is the perfect book for Christmas reading. It is a short story that most of us are familiar with but may have not taken the time to actually read. I have seen versions of it on TV, movies, and this year even seen a good performance of it done in a play. This year I decided to pick up the book and devote a little bit of time to reading the story. It of course is a classic written by one of the greatest writers ever, Charles Dickens. The story has a lot of meaning and reminds us that we should be aware of how we treat others not only at Christmas time but in all we do. Ebenezer Scrooge may be in us all at one time or another but like him there is time for redemption if we allow ourselves to reflect and appreciate what we have and are  willing to be giving of ourselves to others.
Unlike most other career guidance books, this book is specific, concise and comprehensive. It's full of specific information for Wall Street professionals, at times there is more than enough examples. It contains variety of examples and it is easy to follow. I highly recommend this if you're looking to move within the industry. It is not really for some who is coming from the outside Wall St or is looking for a career change.
Everything that should be in color is only in the 6th edition with 736 pages. Approx. 50% of the illustrations in the 5th edition (768 pp.) is in black and white including a few important paintings that disappoints a bit. It makes sense to accurately illustrate the visual arts when presenting or analyzing. But fewer than 14% of all illustrations is in color in the 4th edition (ISBN: 0133933806). Otherwise, it is exquisite including its beautiful printing and binding. All the illustrations occupy approx. a half of the 696 pages, but the text is what counts. Maps of the centers of Rome, Florence and Venice on the inside of the front cover and on the flyleaf show many important landmarks, but architecture appears to be a bit underrepresented.CONTENTS (4th/5th ed.)Prefaces and Forewords 6A PORTFOLIO OF THE ITALIAN RENAISSANCE 9/10PRELUDE (5th)1.  Italy and Italian Art 32 (5th)PART ONE: THE LATE MIDDLE AGES1. Italy and Italian Art 27 (4th)2. Duecento Art in Tuscany and Rome 43/583. Florentine Art of the Early Trecento 76/924. Sienese Art of the Early Trecento 104/1245. Later Gothic Art in Tuscany and Northern Italy 133/154PART TWO: THE QUATTROCENTO6. The Beginnings of Renaissance Architecture 152/1807. Gothic and Renaissance in Tuscan Sculpture 167/1988. Gothic and Renaissance in Florentine Painting 187/2229. The Heritage of Masaccio and the Second Renaissance Style 213/24410. The Second Renaissance Style in Architecture and Sculpture 229/26411. Absolute and Perfect Painting: The Second Renaissance Style 252/29212. Crisis and Crosscurrents 290/32813. Science, Poetry, and Prose 317/35814. The Renaissance in Central Italy 350/39815. Gothic and Renaissance in Venice and Northern Italy 378/424PART THREE: THE CINQUECENTO16. The High Renaissance in Florence 430/47617. The High Renaissance in Rome 479/52418. High Renaissance and Mannerism 535/58019. High and Late Renaissance in Venice and on the Mainland 582/63020. Michelangelo and the Maniera 631/690Glossary 662/724Bibliography 669/732Index 678/746Credits 696/766TABLE OF CONTENTS (7th ed.; for details search for pearsonhighered and then for ISBN: 0205705812)PrefaceChapter 1 PRELUDE: ITALY AND ITALIAN ART 16PART ONE: THE LATE MIDDLE AGESChapter 2 DUECENTO ART IN TUSCANY AND ROME 40Chapter 3 FLORENTINE ART OF THE EARLY TRECENTO 72Chapter 4 SIENESE ART OF THE EARLY TRECENTO 102Chapter 5 LATER GOTHIC ART IN TUSCANY AND NORTHERN ITALY 136PART TWO: THE QUATTROCENTOChapter 6 THE RENAISSANCE BEGINS: ARCHITECTURE 158Chapter 7 TRANSITIONS IN TUSCAN SCULPTURE 180Chapter 8 TRANSITIONS IN FLORENTINE PAINTING 202Chapter 9 THE HERITAGE OF MASACCIO: FRA ANGELICO AND FRA FILIPPO LIPPI 222Chapter 10 FLORENTINE ARCHITECTURE AND SCULPTURE, c. 1430--1455 238Chapter 11 FLORENTINE PAINTING AT MID-CENTURY 262Chapter 12 ART IN FLORENCE UNDER THE MEDICI I 294Chapter 13 ART IN FLORENCE UNDER THE MEDICI II 318Chapter 14 THE RENAISSANCE IN CENTRAL ITALY 358Chapter 15 GOTHIC AND RENAISSANCE IN VENICE AND NORTHERN ITALY 388PART THREE: THE CINQUECENTOChapter 16 THE ORIGINS OF THE HIGH RENAISSANCE 442Chapter 17 THE HIGH RENAISSANCE IN ROME 486Chapter 18 NEW DEVELOPMENTS c. 1520--50 542Chapter 19 HIGH AND LATE RENAISSANCE IN VENICE AND ON THE MAINLAND 590Chapter 20 THE LATE SIXTEENTH CENTURY 648Glossary 692Bibliography 700Locating Works of Renaissance Art 715Index 716Photo Credits 735Literary Credits 736
Many sales experts advocate developing relationships with your clients rather than focusing on single transactions. Charles H. Green encourages you to earn and cherish the trust of your customers; that means putting their needs ahead of yours. He promises that trust-based relationships will generate more income for you in the long run, but only if you are genuinely sincere. You cannot feign trustworthy behavior as a sales tactic; it must come from your heart. Green tells you how to earn real trust, using his four-step sales process and five-step trust-building procedure. He offers a plethora of examples, practical suggestions and useful lists, repeating some strategies for emphasis. We encourage career salespeople to use this book.
This is a masterfully written tale of college students stumbling into adulthood with disasteous consequences.  You will have to reset to the pre-cellphone age, and that takes some effort.  But you will be rewarded with a gripping tale of wrong turns and bad decisions.
I love this book. I've bought it four times. But when I love a book I tend to give it away to a friend because I want to share it so much.This time I got a little smarter. E-book! I'm far less likely to give away my tablet. Lol!And it took a while for this book to come out in e-book. I'd been searching for it for over a year and it finally came out. In the mean time, I bought it and gave it away again. Haha.
What is in this book is very clear and straight forward.  There is not a ton of jargon like you get in the textbooks, and the examples are clear.  One thing I really like is the book goes into conics, which you always get to at some point in pre-calculus, but very few supplements go into in any depth.  The reason I knocked it down one star is that you only get 1 chapter on trigonometry.  The curriculum from school to school can be different.  Some have trig as a completely separate class, and others run precalc classes as half advanced algebra and half trig.  If your school does the latter, while this book will give you the basics of trigonometry, what you will need to know for class will be much more in depth than what you will get here.It does do a good job of explaining the basic trig functions, graphing trig functions and some of the trig identities.  That is the stuff that, if you do not know it will make the rest of trig impossible.  Just keep in mind however, that depending on your class you may need a supplement that goes deeper into the trig material than this does.
As Jeffrey Gitomer books, always goes directly to the subject with no hesitation an try to improve the readers on the sales environment to be successful and happy at all times
Jack London was one of the greatest authors America has ever known.  It's ironic that because of his dog-centric books that he is often written off as a children's author.  I once made the mistake of taking a collection of his short stories on a vacation.  Great stories, but among the most depressing, violent, cruel concepts ever put to paper.  A poor fit with frozen drinks and palm trees.The Sea Wolf is one of my favorite books largely on the basis of the villian, Wolf Larsen.  He stands unique among villians in that he is huge, powerful, intelligent, ambitious, aggressive, with no muzzle of a conscience.  He is omnipotent. Absolute power corupting absolutely. He is not a dumb brute that our intellectual hero outwits or outworks. Were it not for the peripheral factors of his even more destructive brother, or his failing health, he would have remained the master of his domain. I would expect that this Alpha male nature of Larsen that led London to name him Wolf.One of the biggest casting crimes ever committed by Hollywood was the casting of E.G. Robinson as Wolf and then remaking it with Bronson many years later (apparently based on having watched the original movie without really understanding the book).
Right up front, I've got to say that Ceremony is one of the best novels I've ever read. I don't read much fiction any more--especially contemporary fiction--because I'm so often disappointed by novels. But Ceremony is extraordinary. I had the novel on my bookshelves for a long time (I don't even know where I got it, it's been so long), and I finally picked it up for vacation reading because it's a slender paperback and easy to carry. Ceremony is not your typical "beach read." It's demanding, but confidently and beautifully written, and rewarding.The novel recounts the story of Tayo, a young Native American, who was held prisoner by the Japanese in the Philippines during World War II, and the horrors of captivity that almost crushed his will to survive. His return to the Laguna Pueblo Reservation west of Albuquerque only increases his feelings of estrangement and alienation. While other returning soldiers find easy refuge in alcohol and senseless violence, Tayo searches for another kind of comfort and resolution.Tayo's quest leads him back to the Indian past and its traditions, to beliefs about witchcraft and evil, and to the ancient stories of his people. The search itself becomes a ritual, a curative ceremony that defeats Tayo's most virulent affliction: despair.The novel is set in the Laguna Pueblo Reservation and in Gallup, New Mexico. Silko includes beautiful, memorable descriptions of the Southwestern landscape and its effect on her characters. It's not "nature writing," but parts come damn close.
I gave the book to a friend with young children. Again I remember the book from years ago when I read it to the kids in my class . I  t was a success and I  was sure it would still be a wonderful book to have in their library.
heartbreaking account of genocide and thievery.  All of the ten commandments and all of the Gospel of Jesus Christ were shredded in this carnage.  mankind falls short of a Holy God to this day.
I've always been interested in reading books about Tibet.  And so I gladly embraced this 2004 novel by Chinese journalist Xinran.  A mere 224 pages, it is a fast read and a romantic adventure.  Supposedly based on a true interview the author had with an old Chinese woman who spent 30 years in Tibet, this is the story of Shu Wen, a newlywed in 1958, whose young doctor husband was reported dead in Tibet.  The details of his death were not clear and Shu Wen wanted to find out the truth.  And so she signed up for the Chinese Communist Army, one of the few females in the group who traveled to Tibet under spartan military conditions with the hope of finding out what happened to her husband.It took her 30 years to find out the truth.  But that was only after she spent most of those years living with a family of Yak herders and befriending a former wealthy Tibetan woman who taught her to survive in the harsh landscape.  I loved the part of the book which introduced the family and the Tibetan lifestyle.  It also gave humanity to the Chinese invaders who saw themselves as bringing a better life to the people who seemed backward to them and much too steeped in religion.  This made interesting reading.  The author's language is simple and its clarity had the perfect tone to describe Tibet through this Communist Chinese woman's eyes.In this book, the Chinese are not the bad guys.  And the theme made their conquest of Tibet inevitable. Less effective was the plot because it's hard to believe.  There are just too many coincidences.  And it's much too romantic.  But then again, this is a novel.Sky Burial's point of view was rather refreshing because it didn't demonize the Chinese.  And for that reason think it will best be enjoyed for those who can view it in context.
Not at all what I expected.  Better. Had humor., romance, and mystery.  Couldn't decide which sistervi liked best.would recommend this book.
He was 31 and married with two small children, living in a small house in London. He had no "job" as such but he had multiple narrative and pedagogical skills. He was French Canadian, a native of New England,  a product of its best Universities.  He had been a teacher of English with the Peace Corps in Malawi and Uganda for four years  and, with other sponsors.  for two years in Singapore. He was now (in 1972) a "writer" of sorts and had always loved trains.  So in the late summer of that year he set out to cross Asia and back by train -  alone.After four months "on the road" - mainly by rail -  he returned, rejoined his family and two years later published his first travel book -The Great Railway Bazaar. It was an instant success; and in the ensuing 40 odd years  Paul Theroux novelist, teacher, man of letters and social critic has not only become the dean of travel writers with more than 10 books on travel to his credit but an established novelist, essayist and short story writer as well  a published author of more than 35 books of non-travel books in his name.I read Bazaar when it was first published and became a Theroux fan on the spot; and since then I have read and cheered every one of its "issue"; but I have never written any comments on Bazaar. However, having just finished his last and perhaps his final travel book (The Last Train From Zona Verde,)  I think it's time to say something about Bazaar which I have read again for this purpose.Bazaar starts from London in 1972 with a rail trip to Paris where Theroux boards the "Direct-Orient-Express" which is not to be confused with Agatha Christy's or Alfred Hitchcock's luxury train. There's only one sleeping car for Istanbul via Milan, Venice  and Belgrade. And you wouldn't want any of your family to have to travel on it. There's no dining car. You are pretty much on your own for a couple of days, But Istanbul is, as always, engaging. Then it's the "Express" across Turkey  to the border of Iran, another "Express" to Teheran, a flight to Peshawar and then the Khyber Pass Local and the Frontier Mail to Mumbai (then Bombay), Indian trains of the mid 1970s too numerous to mention here - Bombay, Simla, New Delhi, Calcutta. A train to Ceylon (before it was Sri Lanka). A flight to Burma (when it was still Burma). Then The Mandalay express. Up country through Vietnam (where the war was still winding down) . A flight to Japan. Tokyo.  Kyoto. The fast Japanese trains. And then - by contrast - a voyage ("storm tossed" is the proper phrase for it) to the Eastern Terminus of the  Trans Siberian "Express"  in the USSR and ten days across Siberia in late December. (Can you imagine ten days on a train in a small compartment with another occupant and never a  bath? You really have to love trains!) And, finally, three days after Christmas he's homeIt was a time when travel in most of the countries he visited was for the hardy and adventurous. There was no internet, no GPS,no email, no iPhone. You used the telegraph system such as it was to communicate with home. Credit cards were generally a thing of the future so you carried your money in a money belt and used bank drafts (when available) for your cash. The modern preventatives or analgesics for Delhi Belly, its children and cousins,  were in the future. And personal cleanliness while traveling was obviously a luxury if it could be accommodated at all.Curiously Theroux has never to my memory commented on any of these things. Yes, I have read in some of his books where he has been ill, but we never read of the ordinary vicissitudes of travel --  problems which the rest of us have when we just go to New York. Nor do we nor have we read about his travel plans. Is it all catch-as-catch-can? What was the preparation for the trip? (Obviously there was and had been some preparation because he frequently writes about giving lectures or teaching, and there needs to be some advance work for this.) And where does he find all the books he talks about reading as he goes? They're great books for the time but none that I would expect to find in your corner book store.Now back to Bazaar . As I said I was hooked the first time I read it. And this time it was even better because using Google Earth and Google Maps one can get a pretty good picture of where he is, how he was traveling and what he was seeing. So this is Theroux in his first book, already at the top of his game and a book to spend an evening of two with now in 2013 just as it was when I read in forty years ago. And I guarantee you will like it too
the main problem with all these books is trying to find just one context for understanding.  You can't elaborate on specifics for relationships, jobs, intimate partners all in one book.  As a general overview, I found good points about types of vampires and some about their motivations.  I would love to hear more about how their brain works and how to impact their motivation.
How does one describe a novel that you want (you NEED) to devour, that you stay up late nights reading, but is so long and intense that even the most dedicated reader couldn't finish it in less than a dozen sittings?  Donna Tartt's 1992 debut novel weighs in at a hefty 524 pages, but all of them are captivating, and in no way is the dramatic action of a year at the exclusive Hampden College (Vermont) overly drawn-out.  Not to mention that even the most literate reader will most likely pick up more than a few new vocabulary words from this amazing work of literature.Reading the inside book jacket, I was a skeptic--our narrator is going to join an exclusive Greek studies community and be convinced he should assist in the murder of a classmate?  The story unfolds so well, however, that as a reader, I fully believed in the reasons for offing the classmate who stood to destroy the lives of the four others.  Our culprits are no ordinary criminals; rather, they are brilliant students who wisely cover their tracks and every single contingency.  But lies beget lies, right?  And everyone gets in deep.  Would their ringleader, the man who convinced everyone to commit murder in the first place, stop at anything to protect himself, even it means harming the remaining members of the clique?  What exactly are everyone's internal motives?  With more than one love triangle running around, and money and family troubles thrown into the mix, even the best laid plans aren't as simple as they seem.Tartt's novel is full of philosophical, ethical, and moral dilemmas.  My best advice is to clear your calendar once you pick up this page turner of a novel.  The hype is well-deserved, and I am delighted to see people still actively reviewing this work a full 14 years after its original publication.
Professor Stuart Hart's thoughtful treatise on sustainable and accessible economic growth provides a nice complement to his mentor's similarly themed study, C. K. Prahalad's "The Fortune at the Bottom of the Pyramid", which I read myself last month. Both tackle an intriguing premise, though I think Hart is more successful in developing more realistic solutions to the world's economic ills. From Cornell's Johnson School of Management, the author goes beyond standard globalization theories by recognizing the need for companies to move beyond transparency towards "radical transactiveness", i.e., a willingness to engage and learn from people who hold fundamentally different world views.He adeptly describes how the macroeconomic shift that brings capitalism and environmentalism together mirrors his personal and not uncommon shift from distrusting capitalism to respecting its power to leverage positive social change. The "greening" revolution of the 1980s demonstrated that companies could profit by employing more environmentally benign processes, such as recycling or waste reduction. But greening, we learn, continues to be a myopic approach, and it became apparent in the last decade that reducing the environmental impact of existing business models would prove insufficient to address the imminent environmental and social crises.Hart was among those who promoted moving "beyond greening" through "creative destruction" of environmentally and economically wasteful processes, replacing them with environmentally (and economically) beneficial processes. The primary business strategy that promises to arise from the ashes of creative destruction is the BOP ("Bottom of the Pyramid") approach of serving the needs of the poor in ways that are culturally appropriate, environmentally sustainable, and profitable. One key to leveraging the BOP market strategy is for multinational corporations to become more indigenous to the culture and people they support locally.The example of Nike's World Shoe is instructive. The US sports shoe company saw clearly that China's consumers presented an enormous potential market for trainers priced at $10-$15 a pair. The company, however, made a fundamental mistake in choosing to use the same factories, business partners and channels used for its $150 Air Maxx. The result is that the bargain shoe never took off. At the same time, the fact that Nike made the attempt is laudable. With careful scrutiny and ample evidence, the author questions whether many multinationals have the skills to discern the unexpressed needs of consumers in distant, developing economies. Moreover, even if they have recognized the opportunity, these same companies need to transform their business models to be readily available to deliver the right products and services in these markets at an appropriate price.Hart's penetrating book touches upon its most controversial aspect in applying his reasoning to the problem of terrorism. He considers terrorism a symptom of the more primary underlying problem of unsustainable development culminating of course, with 9/11 when terrorists used violence to attack the symbolic epicenter of capitalism, the World Trade Center. Since violence begets violence, Hart emboldens himself to ask we look to the terrorists' target, not their tactics, to solve the problem. Reforming capitalism to create sustainable global enterprise may hold the key to eradicating the underlying problems of poverty and exploitation that breed terrorism while simultaneously reversing the looming environmental crises. It's a bold premise but one we cannot afford to ignore. This is smart, indispensable reading.
This is actually my husband's favorite book from his youth. The pictures are nice and my boys like the stories.
WHEN MY SISTER AND I WERE LITTLE GIRLS, we devised an interestingtechnique for dealing with over-bearing adults. Like -- when a particularly obnoxious distant relation was introduced to us.  We were, of course, very polite little girls, and did nothing to upset the visit.  However, later, when the new relative had left, and the visit was finished, and our parents asked us, if we liked so-and-so person, we would say, "Yes"....but we knew we were talking in "The Opposite Talk".  Much, much later on in my life, I thought an extention of this "Opposite Talk" technique could be used, if ever we entered a 1984ish scenario in real life.  Like -- how can one make "2 + 2 = 5", mean it, and yet keep one's sanity and self-respect?  Simple!  Have numbers go, in order, in your mind, like this: 1, 2, 3, 5, 4!This is a the same idea, with many myriad and fascinating forms and techniques, that Steve McDermott useses in his wonderful, practical handbook for total and complete failure in life, entitled, "HOW TO BE A COMPLETE AND UTTER FAILURE IN LIFE, WORK, EVERYTHING!" Subtitled: "44 1/2 Steps To Lasting Underachievement"!  Nothing is more enticing to human beings than the proverbial "forbidden fruit", of course....and Mr. McDermott, with total delight and glee, capitalizes,-- and invites the reader to capitalize on. (or perhaps, one should say, "capitulate to"), this idea!  He humourously and delightful shows the best ways to fail in everything one attempts!Each chapter begins with a title, formed into the best "Opposite Talk" advice.  Such as (in Chapter Thirteen), "Don't Get Feedback Your Actions".This is always followed a "Quote to Avoid".  In Chapter Thirteen, the quote is:......."To learn anything other than the stuff you learn in books, you  need to experiment, to make mistakes, to escape feedback, and to try again.  It doesn't matter whether you are learning to ride a bike or starting a new career, the cycle of experiment, feedback, and new experiment is always there."  ........ Charles Handy((((  Charles Who?  Well -- according to his 'Wikipedia' article -- he started as a marketing executive with Shell Oil in 1956-65, taught at MIT, and the London Business School, was, (and still is), a writer and producer, and was Chairman of the Royal Society of Arts.  But, gee...he never seems to have appeared on MTV, as far as I know, anyway...so, I guess he isn't anybody, right????  )))))Ahem! Well, the quote by Mr. Handy seems important enough for Mr. McDermott to advise us to avoid, so, I guess if I really do want to fail, I, and every other rader of this book definitely should avoid it -- just as we must avoid the quotes that start every other chapter -- from people like Ann Landers, Will Rogers, Henny Youngman, Satchel Page, Ogden Nash, Lilly Tomlin....and others, both known and....well, like Mr. Handy, somewhat unknown to us failures-in-the-making.There are "Headline Sentences" in the middle of many, but not all of the chapters.  The "Headline Sentence" (huge lettering in the midst of the normal text, illustrating (!) the main idea), for Step, (or Chapter) Thirteen is: "HOW HARD can it be, TO GIVE UP the FIRST TIME You DON'T GET WHAT You WANT?"Not difficult at all, of course!  Another brilliant idea on how to fail in everything and anything!At the end of every chapter, (or Step), is an "Action Not To Take".  In Step 13, the "Action Not To Take" is as follows................."Losses aren't a waste of time. They are an apprenticeship," says Greg Norman, the golfer.  But what would he know about it?  Don't buy into the belief that anything worth doing is worth doing badly at first......."Don't give yourself permission not to be perfect.  Don't take George Patton's advice, when he said, 'A good plan violently executed is better than a perfect plan carried out next week."  Instead, insist that it has to be right the first and every time.  And you are not going to act until it is!  This level of perfectionism should keep you immoble for long periods of time!"......"Don't have any means of getting feedback. If someone accidently gives you some feedback on what you've done, treat it as criticism and ignore it.  Oh, and tell them to mind their own business in the future.  Of course, not all feedback is constructive.  This is how the playwrite Samuel Beckett tried to encourage an actor who lamented, "I'm failing".  Beckett said, "Go on failing.  Only next time, try to fail better."THROUGHOUT THIS BOOK ARE LITTLE DRAWINGS, (such as a triangular "eternity", showing "Beliefs" going into "Behaviour" going into "Results", linked together forever.  It also has "quotation bubbles", such as one would find in comic books, both with and without pictures of the speaker. "Live Long and Prosper", "But What Will People Think?", "I Don't Believe You", ("quotation bubbles" shown alone), and a drawing of a man, with the quotation bubble "Let me think.  Do I talk to myself?  No, I don't thnk so." are examples.  Both of these devices intriguingly break up the text, and invite the modern-day reader, (used, as we are, to short sentences, and 10-minute TV segments between commercials), to explore the sentences provoking these illustrative devices.This book's "Step Headings" (Chapter Headings), alone make for fascinating reading.  There isn't enough room here to list them all, but here are a sample few: "Don't Plan Your Priorities", "Don't Involve Other People", "Don't Have A Mentor or Be A Mentor", "Don't Adjust", "Don't Practice Continuous Improvement", "Don't Wear A Parachute",  and"Don't Be Creative or Innovative",  You get the idea!  : )This book is made with refreshingly good paper!  (Not the newsprint-like, easily-destroyed in 20-30 years paper, which SO many good books are, regrettably, made of today.)  Do you DESERVE to read a book printed on such good paper, and offering such good advice on how to be a failure?Only other people can decide!(I'm another person, and I'm of two minds about buying this book. It's obviously a book ONLY for people with potential -- even hidden potential.  If you truly think you can be nothing more than ordinary, have NO talents whatsoever, at anything, and KNOW that you cannot -- even with good advice -- succeed at marriage, a career, finding friends, parenthood, or even, (of course), stardom or leadership, you obviously should not waste what little money you have in buying this book. It purports to tell you how to fail -- but you already know how to do that. ....don't you?  (Then again, even those who fail 89% of the time, can use advice to be able to fail 100% of the time, so, maybe thumbing through this book would help -- help even you!)  Of course, what it's REALLY about is how to succeed.  But if you really know that you don't have ANY potential at all, I'd suggest not buying this book.  Save your money for more important things....like paying taxes!(Hmmm....  Then again, my advice could be, BUY THIS BOOK, (anyway) -- even if just out of curiousity.  It can even help you fail more, if that's what you want to do!  And if you buy it on Amazon and don't like it, you can always return it, of course..................................  : ) .....................................
I found this little book a nice little read. In fact, I think it might be a good way to get a sporty, young person reading.
You would think it would be confusing, but it all makes sense inthe authors skilled hands.  I'm looking forward to future booksfrom her as well.  This is one of those books that you arepleased is so long. Enjoy.
Wonderful series,worth reading over and over. Vivid writing, living characters, and amazing perspective on history, the life of a family, and how love endures.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book. It was difficult and somewhat pedantic to read because of the scientific content, but ultimately fascinating. The main character really makes the book, he is mesmerizing in his ability to describe smell and think outside the box when it comes to scientific theories. Like many geniuses, Luca Turin is a compelling personality and his theory about how the sense of smell works is captivating. I thought so anyway. I was quite fascinated by his very creative scientific vision.I thought the author, Chandler Burr, did an excellent job of conveying a complex scientific subject along with the eclectic personality of the main character. I wouldn't recommend this book for everyone, it might be too difficult or slow moving for some readers.
I was reading the book "Skeleton Man" by Joseph Bruchac. This book has amazing events. The events are filled with suspense and mystery. With the details, it will make you want to read as much as I did. The main characters and their actions make you want to read and keep going.In this book, you can probably relate yourself to the characters and the events. There were many surprises in this book. If you love suspense books, this is a great book for you.
If you are a new subscriber to Investors Business Daily (IBD) then you are well aware of all the wonderful details to investing the IBD way. This book is the perfect compliment to those new to IBD and or investing. Concepts that you use daily in IBD are explained in-depth and with examples. For those that do not subscribe to the paper, yet are looking to gain a better understanding of our stock market, then this book is for you.At times the book can get so technical that your head may spin. Don't fret, go back and read the page(s) again and it will come to you. This is not a book that you read once and then let it collect dust. This is a guide for all investors.The most important thing you can learn from this book. Sell any investment if it falls 7-8% below your initial purchase price. What money saving advice!!!!
"Hannibal" by Thomas Harris, 1999This story makes Hannibal a sympathic character. It is more a story of the growth of the relationship between Clarice and Hannibal, then a horror or mystery. It was so sad that so many people have so many foibles that create evil. In the end it was good that the best people of the story really got some real good in their lives. But truly, Clarice gets turned to the dark side, so to speak.
Patricia MacLachlan's prose is so starkly simple it is beautiful. After 25 years, the story still seems new. Two orphaned children on the great plains need a mother. Their father needs help - and a wife. SARAH PLAIN AND TALL, a spinster from the rocky Maine coast, is just what everyone ordered. Story telling for children doesn't get much better than this. And adults will love the story too.I'd seen the Hallmark film adaptation of this story several times, with Glen Close as Sarah. But I'd never read the book. I am so glad I finally did. It's only about sixty pages and can be read in about an hour. Superb!- Tim Bazzett, author of the memoir BOOKLOVER
Not a GREAT book like Deep End of the Ocean, but that one would be hard to beat. I am not sure why there are such bad reviews. I read this book in 3 days and enjoyed it. I don't think all characters have to be likable to make it a good story. I think the main character, True, had self image issues, but that's part of the story. I think the book is more realistic than most because each character had flaws, like real people! It's about how True meets and falls for Hank and then the problems that surround a quicky marriage (you never really know someone until you live with them).
If you are at all involved with business development, I heartily recommend this book -- you'll walk away with a better understanding of growth strategies. This book is excellent if you wish to understand the forces that can drive or hinder a firm's growth with numerous real-life examples throughout the text. Definitely one of the best business books of this year. The chapter on "location choice" is worth the cover price alone.
The author, Peter Navarro, is a professor of business at UC Irvine.  His book "the Coming China Wars" is written like a business textbook, clear, concise, and to the point.  Each chapter focuses on a particular issue (e.g. counterfeit goods, water projects, illicit drug production etc.) and how, if unresolved, civil disorder, has or could result.The breadth of issues addressed Navarro addresses is amazing, yet the author's provides sufficient detail that almost any reader will learn something new.  At time, the phrases such as the "china price" and "factory floor to the world" are a little overworked, but this is a very minor flaw.Some readers might find the title "the coming wars (plural) . . " misleading.  Howvever, the author, very early in his book states he does not mean a shooting war (though this is still possible over Taiwan).  The "wars" he writes about are political, not military.Navarro makes some suggestions about how China (and other nations) can avoid these "wars" but after laying out his case "for war" so forcefully, these suggestions seem weak.Still, a very good, if business style, read.
(Full disclosure: Although I received a gratis copy of this book directly from the publisher, what follows is my honest opinion and assessment of this book.) Stephen Key is touted as a sort of acolyte of Timothy Ferriss, he ofThe 4-Hour Workweek, Expanded and Updated: Expanded and Updated, With Over 100 New Pages of Cutting-Edge Content.fame. Key's idea is the same as Ferriss's: It is possible to break free of a workaday, humdrum life and have everything you want without becoming a corporate drone working for a paycheck by working for "the man". Where Key differs from Ferriss, however, is in his methodology. Rather than the "do the same things better and make yourself so efficient that you spread out, travel, work globally, and become rich" approach in 4HWW, Key's approach is that you become an idea man - someone who thinks of things that nobody else does, then either market the idea yourself, or license or sell it to somebody else so they make money for you. Like Ferriss, Key's plan is achievable, concrete, well-formulated, and certainly executable. Also like Ferriss, the majority of readers will  simply not have the skill set, determination, or willingness to make the sacrifices that fully implementing the ideas of "One Simple Idea" would require. This is not to say that Key's ideas, approach, methodology, etc. are unrealistic. In fact, he's made millions (he says) doing just what he spells out in the book. That may be true, but what's for sure is that Key has been teaching his plan in college courses and many of his students have successfully implemented his ideas and plans, so it is difficult to doubt the veracity of his claims and the feasibility of his plans (again, the same as Ferriss). The book itself is well laid out and efficiently organized. The writing is crisp and clear, like you would expect from an educator, but it may be just a little bit too pushy and repetitive for some readers. ("You can do it. You should try it. You can do it. No, really, you can do it." - like that) Still, all around, this is an excellent book that I enjoyed reading, and learned a lot from, even though I know I'm not going to be much of an idea-monger in the near future. That is why I do not hesitate to give it five stars and recommend it to anyone who enjoyed 4HWW or is interested in motivational, self-help, or contrarian lifestyle information. Key gives you the information you need. What you do with it is up to you.
I have been to my homeland several times in the lat 5 years and will go again in 2013. I have been lucky enough to visit theplaces mentioned in this book. The Clan Chattan Chief was of my clan for 300 years in Scotland. At the battle of Culloden on April 16th 1746  both, the Frazers and the MacKenzies fought in the center of the charge of the Clan Chattan. I have been to the mass grave sights at Culloden (Inverness) that mark the fallen of my Clan. This writer has done her history on the events of the Jacobite up-rising that started in 1745. I plan to read this series of  eight books with fictional people tied to real events that happened in Scotland, I am reading the second book Dragon Fly in Amber at this time.Slainte' Mhath
With her vivid imaginative skills, Jean Rhys offers us the tale of "Bertha" Rochester, the madwoman in the attic of "Jane Eyre."  The skies of the West Indies are an ever-changing backdrop in this moody novel of fear, memory, and desire.  Rhys' style challenges the reader to "fill in the blanks" many times throughout, making necessary intuitive connections to amplify her sometimes sparse prose. What could have been merely a lightweight story of "love and greed in the tropics" turns into an engaging, beautifully unfolding narrative laden with mystery and sadness.
A great story and perfect for my 5 year old grandson. I love the &#34;Harry&#34; books. They are more than a picture book with a great story and love the illustrations! I've been asked to be the mystery reader in my grandson's pre-K class and will read this to the children.
After reading this book, you'll put yourself in the other's position. This knowledge will lead to more sales, and richer relationships with clients and co workers. Love it.
The book starts with a overview of the dominant position that is occupied by multinationals in today's global economy. Going by the definition of the term, 60000 multinationals produce a quarter of the global output of products and services. Yet they are owned by less that 1 percent of the worlds population and employ about 1 percent of the world's employable workforce. Meanwhile many of these companies in their race for short term earnings have sacrificed sustainable methods of production. In other words they have done irreparable damage to the earth's environment and created social tensions in many countries. In other words, the pursuit of economic gains is at loggerheads with local cultures and environmental interests.Then comes the interesting hypothesis termed "The Great trade-off illusion". Earlier companies believed that a certain amount of pollution for example was inevitable and any efforts for its reduction will incur expenses for treatment. This is called "end of the pipeline approach" for treating pollutants. Similarly, large companies serving the top 800 million population of the earth's population adopted similar business models and products across countries and cultures. Two thirds of the population was ignored since it was perceived that this huge segment just cannot afford the goods and services offered by the multinationals.The author offers a radical approach and introduces the concept of "Triple Bottom-line". How can companies win by offering goods and services that are culturally appropriate, environmentally sustainable and economically profitable. This is not wish or ivory tower theory, but a necessity and practically feasible path argues the author.To serve the base of the pyramid (BOP) population, companies need to adopt disruptive technologies, incubate them in the BOP markets with appropriate functionality and price points. This also needs innovative business models. One should not look at what is bad ( corruption) or what is missing ( western style institutions) in the BOP segment, but understand and serve their needs through innovative products and services through appropriate business processes.This is essentially a combination of Prof. Clayton Christensen's disruptive innovations ( The Innovator's Dilemma) and the concept of BOP ( The Fortune at the Bottom of the Pyramid - C.K. Prahalad ).In my opinion the main take away in terms of an excellent framework for business strategy is the concept of "Sustainable Value Portfolio". Defining the Organization's internal capabilities and external constituencies on the horizontal axis, and managing today's business and tomorrow's business opportunity on the vertical axis, we get four quadrants on which companies can operate. Companies typically operate only on the quadrant of internal capabilities and today's business. This is an approach of incremental improvements and greening. The other quadrant below the horizontal axis is the concept of "extended supplier responsibility" or Product Stewardship taking full responsibility for the product including its recycling, in close interaction with existing customers.To win in tomorrows world, companies need to operate in and fully leverage on internal capabilities to introduce successful disruptive technologies that can cater to the needs of the un-served four billion population( that will grow to about 8 billion by 2050), or B24B, in a manner that is environmentally sustainable. Companies that understand all the four quadrants well and progressively plan their product portfolio are the winners of tomorrow.Take the automobile industry for example. The author clearly brings out that till the 1970's this industry produced vehicles that polluted the planet with total disregard to fuel efficiencies. Then the focus shifted to emission norms and recycling of used automobiles. A huge opportunity awaits this sector in exploiting disruptive technologies like hydrogen fuel cells and simultaneously use such technologies to offer low cost transportation in countries like India and China.The book then gets into a detailed discussion on the BOP realities and the right business models to serve this huge market.A classic by any account, I personally rate it as one amongst the top 10 business books on my bookshelf. One can feel the author's sense of commitment, deep understanding of and a passion for the topic in every page of the book.
This is a delightful account of three men taking a boat trip through England's little towns. Unlike most novels written so long ago it does not waste a great deal of words on tedious talk for the sake of talk, though there is a great deal of talking and musing in it. It just isn't dull. This is a funny read that has remained funny through time.
Very interesting real life example of what Lean Thinking is all about.  Also, a very interesting look into how corporate culture has such a strong impact on the business.
Having recently read 'Glory of the Solomons' by Edwin P. Hoyt and 'Lonely Vigil - Coastwatchers of the Solomons' by Walter Lord, I had a clear impression of the setting for Donovan's account of Lt. John F. Kennedy's exploits in charge of the motor torpedo boat PT-109 during the summer of 1943, which was just as well since the book contains no maps at all (hence four stars rather than five). Donovan spends the first 100 pages or so getting Kennedy to the US navy base on the island of Rendova in the central Solomons, then devotes the next hundred pages to a detailed account of the clash in which the PT-109 was rammed and split in two by a Japanese destroyer in the Blackett Strait, and the plight of the survivors and their ultimate rescue by natives in the service of a Coastwatcher. The author interviewed not only Kennedy and his crew, but also members of the crew of the Japanese destroyer and the Coastwatcher and the natives. The book was published in 1961, shortly after Kennedy took office as the 35th President of the United States. As far as I can tell, it is a factual account of the loss of the PT-109 and the rescue of all but two members of its crew.
As someone who is interested in economics, I thought this book would represent an interesting perspective on the current economic crisis.  Although I think the title is somewhat misleading, the book is a very well written text on the liquidity crisis encountered in the Great Depression, Japan's Lost Decade and currently here in the United States compared to an academic analysis of how liquidity crises typically occur.  The book is really not a primer about how the global economic system works per se, so a reader looking for such a book will be slightly4 confused.This is not an easy read.  Clearly, this book is written for those with a fairly sophisticated understanding of economic issues and an intense enough interest in economic matters to continue reading through what is not an easy 'at the beach' kind of read.  If you are bored during the business reportage on the local news, this is most definitely not the book for you.For what this book represents, I thought the book brought up some very interesting points about liquidity crises and the comparison to the Great Recession.Not an easy read, but interesting for the person well-schooled in economic issues.
Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress by Dai SijieLast year I read Dai Sijie's BALZAC AND THE LITTLE CHINESE SEAMSTRESS, and I procrastinated on writing this review because I did not feel I could do the book justice. What fascinated me about the story was the idea of Mao's Cultural Revolution, which supposedly placed highly educated people in rural areas of China, so that they would be "re-educated".  The plot of BALZAC centers on two young Chinese men, sons of highly educated parents (doctors and dentists), who are sent to the countryside to work among the peasants, and through living the hard life of laborers are to be taught a lesson.As the two worked the countryside and were put into situations where they were treated as low-educated laborers, they had to deny their educational heritage. Acknowledging the existence of classical music, for example, could mean punishment.  No books were allowed by any means.  They lived in constant fear, worried that the breath they took would be their last.Then, their life turns for the better. They discover someone who has a hidden stash of western books, translated into Chinese.  They soon become obsessed with the books, and in particular one book written by Balzac.  If they thought their "re-education" was a turning point, their discovery of these forbidden books is yet another turning point in their lives.The reason for the delay of this review is that although I enjoyed reading the book, I don't feel I truly understood what Dai Sijie was trying to convey to the reader.  To reveal the ending will ruin the book for many, but it is the ending that I fail to understand the impact the author tried to make.  Many readers have enjoyed this book that is destined to become a modern classic. But others like me fail to totally appreciate the meaning of the story of two men who tried to reclaim a life they had thought they truly lost.  I am recommending this book only because I feel this is a modern classic and is probably going to become recommended reading in literature classes in the near future. I think reading this book should be required.  Not only does the author have a gift of words, but also the content of this story is part of modern world history, and the knowledge of this should not be denied.
The immigrant's side of the problem that remains unresolvted.  These folks have many, many barriers to a decent life for self and family.  They are exploited on both sides of the border with Mexico and remain in limbo, legally.
Thank you Mr. Grisham for returning to the story lines that I fell in love with from your pen after THE FIRM.  This story was especially interesting to me...because the main character, the 25 year old buys the local newspaper...which was in trouble. You used this character to weave a small town story that kept me laughing, smiling and sometimes mad me angry! (that's what small towns will do for you! :-)Well I am the owner of a publication and found ALL of what you wrote concerning subscriptions and readership quite interesting, to say the least &amp; 100% TRUE.  You really did an excellent job of character development...even to the siblings who were landlords.  I don't like leaving reviews which tell TOO much of the story because that discourages (in a lot of cases) others from buying/reading the book....so I will simply say this....for anyone who takes the time to read your reviews of this book...this is a definite Grisham must read.  You won't be disappointed.I loved the story from cover to cover and await your next literary work!Thanks for going back to Mississippi.Shunda LeighBooking Matters Magazine[...]
This was purchased as a birthday gift after we had begun reading this series and thoroughly enjoyed it.  The book was received promptly and was in excellent condition.
THhomas Young is more believeable as a character in a work of fiction (comprable to a Nero Wolfe or a Sherlock Holmes) than as a real person.  No one can be that smart in so many areas!  But the fact that he really lived makes him all the more fantastic.This is a great biography about an amazing man!Also recommended:The Man Who Created Sherlock Holmes: The Life and Times of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
Recommended reading from my company and it was a good, quick read. It's good to stay on target as a person with ethics, morals, and standards.
This book provides a very good foundation for all types of designers. The author Bill Buxton is a researcher at Microsoft, with a background in human-computer interactions in disciplines including art, music and film. Although many of the examples are taken from the world of software design, those in other disciplines will undoubtedly recognize the universal principles of good design that can be applied to their own work. Furthermore, as more and more people spend time on computers, smart phones, and e-book readers, it is useful for all design professionals to understand a bit about software design and the ways in which users interact with those increasingly ubiquitous devices. Increasingly, everything from a poster to a building is designed to create an experience, rather than merely serve its functional purpose. Therefore, this book will be useful to anyone in a design-related field, including product designers, graphic designers, architects, interior designers, and film makers, as well as software and HCI designers.Drawings, diagrams, photographs, screen shots, and an accompanying website illustrate the text. Recommended for any design collection.
This is a classic book that is the synergy between two very different people.  By the time you finish this, you will find you really like them... and wish you could have spent some time with them as well.The science in the entire book is pretty good too.
This is the best book I'll ever read on the subject of speaking--for money or otherwise. It is an enjoyable read that contains humor as well as strategic information.
What a sad, strange book. Christopher's stream-of-consciousness narration was unique to say the least (I liked how he jumped around from topic to topic, because organized writing can become quite a bore). While I don't see this as a study on autism, many autistic characteristics are displayed - most notably, the OCD. Can't have one sort of food touching another sort on his plate, can't eat anything yellow or brown, the rigid timetables, counting the cars, etc. Yet he is highly functional IF certain conditions are met:-no one touches him-no crowds-no loud noises-there is order/if things make sense (he always appreciates order when he discovers it in new places, such as the train stops in intervals of 15 minutes)There are others, of course. But he's basically highly sensitive to his surroundings and cannot cope when strangers, touching, or unfamiliar situations get in the way of an otherwise peaceful existence consisting of his preferred white noise and solving math equations.  His mind can't process emotions correctly; instead, he reacts to negative emotions by screaming and moaning. He doesn't think highly of anyone besides himself and scientists. Thinks humans are just another animal, nothing special (but then, he wouldn't be special, and he thinks himself to be special, so that didn't quite add up). Reminded me of 9th grade biology class where we were learning about evolution. One girl, known for sarcastic remarks, raised her hand and said, "If evolution is real, why did it stop? Isn't there something better than humans?" Great question, and I can't even remember what the teacher said, probably because he couldn't think of an appropriate response that would be heard over the laughter of the class.Anyway, I found Christopher's dreams about being one of the only persons left on earth to be fascinating. He loves it because he can do anything - he can walk to the sea and it's raining and he can take ice cream from an abandoned shop and he can put on dry clothes at an abandoned house and, etc...(I wonder how many times "and" is used in that book!). He can do whatever he wants and no one bothers him.Christopher didn't like to imagine things in his head that weren't happening, and the above reference was of course referring to a dream, but when he would imagine himself as an astronaut, isn't that a lie? He could become an astronaut, but he isn't one yet. He would look down on regular people who imagined things that weren't real, and yet he finds no fault with himself for doing this. Just an inconsistency. I can seem him as an astronaut, however, and I think he would make an extraordinary scientist if all environmental conditions were met. It wouldn't be good to have a breakdown in a lab full of dangerous substances.I was quite angry to find out the truth about his mother, and his reaction was to be expected, I think, although if it had happened to a "normal" person, the repercussions would be longer lasting. How did this not destroy him? He is very fragile and though it's true that he hated his father and couldn't trust him for the rest of the book, it seems to me that he should hate his mother much more. She could have made more of an effort to see him, I think. Two years passed!! Perhaps she could have showed up at his school one day since his dad wouldn't have her at the house.Overall, a really intriguing book, and I loved the drawings (I used to make drawings of floor plans of my house, neighbors' houses, relatives' houses, and stores to put in my diaries when I was younger. I also made intricate schedules and cried if my schedule would be disrupted, but those are only mild OCD symptoms, nothing near Christopher's --it just made me understand him a little more. I also hated places with lots of people; I would run out and hide in the car after church, for example) and appreciated his math and science explanations..most of it made a lot of sense and was very educational.  I'll have to look up more about "The Case of the Cottingley Fairies" - those real life mysterious happenings are so interesting to me.Oh, Christopher..I'd like to see what you're like in twenty years.
...wrapped up in a lyrically written and finely researched history.I had not read anything by Wallace Stegner for many years, until a recent trip to the Grand Canyon restored my interest in the history of its exploration. Many choices are available to discover the history of the last part of the American west to become marked as something other than "unknown" on government maps. In "Beyond the Hundredth Meridian" Stegner expands the horizon beyond the confines of the dangerous canyon walls that threatened John Wesley Powell's 1869 expedition through the Grand Canyon.To be sure, Stegner is an excellent chronicler of the that trip down the Colorado. He captures the adventure, the danger, the great unknowns that faced Powell's crew. That voyage is the centerpiece of the first half of the book, and could stand on its own as a a tour de force of American discover.Stegner gives us much more. He incorporates sophisticated discussions of the cultural climate, and the intersection of antebellum political mores in Washington, the fabric of relationships between the US government, native Americans, the Mormons and western settlers. He illustrates fine points of topography, geology, geography and river hydrology as he focuses on the essential element of any migration to the west: water. He explores the grand topics and the often overlooked (would "Big Canyon" be as good a name as "Grand Canyon" ? It almost got this name!).As these lessons unfold, the book never comes across as a textbook. The writing is vibrant and often lyrical, without being overblown or self important. If you've spent any time in the parts of the United States where the rain is scarce and the vistas are vast, this book will provide an important education in the many forces that came to bear on its settlement. Even if you haven't, you'll acquire a solid foundation in the complex calculus that provides the initiative for discovery.This quite simply a great piece of historical writing.
I was amazed at the volume of information that this book contained. I was also saddened at the lack of information regarding the women in Bill's life, i.e. Jennifer and Monica. While he didn't deny any involvement he did not discuss it in detail like everything else. If you are interested in his accomplishments then read this book. If you are looking for some inside scoop to his relationship.. you won't get any here.
I LOVED this book. I bought it and got about half way through but became very busy with school and had to put it down. I picked it back up and finished it a couple years later, when I had more time, but I am pretty sure I lost a lot in the time between. I can't wait to go back and read it again!
This book has lots of practical examples and techniques.  "No-cry" is kind of a misnomer -- this is more about how to avoid tears when possible. Most of the techniques focus on giving children fair warning when transitions are coming and turning tough situations into fun and games so kids will be distracted into participating.  There is an alphabetical list of specific issues in last part of the book that detail solutions for specific situations (e.g., "Won't get out of bath").  I also appreciate that she encourages parents to look at many sources for "bad" behavior -- how is their sleeping?  Their nutrition?I've tried a fair number of Pantley's suggestions and am impressed -- making things fun when changing diapers, brushing teeth, etc. sure are a lot easier than tears and threatening to take away toys.  HOWEVER, sometimes the fun's over.  Everything you're trying isn't working.  Where do you go then?  Pantley doesn't go that far...and sometimes the kids just don't buy the fun and games stuff ("Let's all pretend we're monkeys jumping into our car seats!  YAYY!!!!").  I am reading "The Manipulative Child," and while my kids are generally pretty good, I like the authors' techniques that basically take the place of time outs, taking away toys or TV, sticker charts, and all that other stuff I had been trying.  That book also focuses more on the "meat" of discipline issues -- how our responses to situations are also opportunities for our children to build their own self-worth and feel confident with their place in the world.  Pantley's book is good, but doesn't delve into those issues.Overall, I think Pantley's book is great and I generally try to do what she recommends -- it works in most cases, and when it doesn't, I turn to "Manipulative Child."

I saw the movie made from this book first and I thought nothing could top the beauty of the film. I was wrong, as usual the book is always better than the movie.Alan Paton writes with extrodinary beauty making each sentence into a poetic phrase worth a second glance. He has written a story about racism, prejudice and forgiveness, ideas not often mentioned or acted together. Paton draws his reader into the beauty and magnificence of South Africa without the benefit of pictures, but your mind fills with splendor anyway. The lesson Paton provides is beautiful, to accept others, to betray society's prejudices and to die with a clean and pure heart.
I liked this book a lot. Its target audience is anyone who is currently earning a salary working for someone other than themselves or a company they own, but who are considering whether entrepreneurship is something for them. It is fairly well written and organized. Chapter 1 provides a nice introduction to the book and Chapter 2 is the meat of the book. The remaining seven chapters flow directly from what is covered in Chapter 2.This book is not a how-to book. It is a book for wanta-be entrepreneurs who think it is risky to start their own business and cannot find the motivation to transition from their W-2 setup to one of self-employment. The authors explain in chapters 2-9 that there are 8 myths about making the transition to self-employment that simply are not true. Take a look at the Search Inside material the authors have provided Amazon. You will find the titles to the chapters. They succinctly layout what the book is about.I like to view the book as one that explains that starting a small business is not particularly risky. Sure, any unknown has a certain amount of risk involved with it. But starting a business doesn't have to be like visiting Atlantic City and shooting craps at one of the gambling tables. With the proper research, skills, and planning, anyone can start a small business and be successful.You might be saying now: What about the money needed to start a small business? Well, every business costs some money to start. Some cost more than others. And some don't cost much at all to start. The book points this out in Chapter 3. My favorite chapters in this book were chapters 1-5 and 8. I wish the authors had more fully developed them and left out chapters 6, 7 and 9, since those chapters did not do much for me.I would have liked the book better if it had three other chapters included regarding myths as follows:6. You have to be good at sales if you plan to be successful as an entrepreneur.7. You have to be a people person if you plan to be successful as an entrepreneur.9. You have to be good with numbers if you plan to be able to run your own business.The message in this book is that if you get advice from experts and informed people you will be headed in the right direction to start a small business. If you gather information about an opportunity to start a small business, then you will be well on your way to starting a small business. And if you take all the advice and research and prepare a sound WRITTEN business plan, then you will probably be successful in starting and running your small business.I found chapters 7-9 to be less-than. Chapter 7 could have included more advice on marketing techniques. And Chapter 8 could have talked a lot more about Internet marketing techniques. Chapter 9 would have been better if business plans had been tied into the discussion and strategic planning had been explained.In sum, if you are toying with the idea to get out of the rat-race and start your own small business, then this is a good book to help convince you to do what it takes to make the jump. 4 stars!
Very interesting and compelling.  Much of it is based on the notes of a lady who actually lived through this experience and happened to run into Steinbeck and shared her notes with him.  Her own book was not published until 2002 a year before she passed away.
The authors easy going style makes this an easy read.  Kimmel succeeds in turning a tedious and technical subject into a tolerable learning experience.  If you're new to UML, this is the book to start with.
It would be tempting to say that very little occurs in Javier Marias' 'Tomorrow in the Battle Think on Me', and substantially, it would be true.  It is also true that there is a great deal happening, and it is only because of Marias' style that this contradiction is possible.  I suspect that many readers, especially those who are used to snappy dialog  and quick, conclusive action, will initially find Marias difficult, maybe even tedious - it forced me to focus, though once I adapted to his style, the novel flowed, with few interruptions, to its completion.As I said, there is little in the way of action.  Marta Tellez, wife and mother, dies of natural causes in the arms of the narrator Victor, prior to consummating their illicit affair.  From that simple, if dramatic, springboard, Victor examines the boundless ways in which people are connected - from shared memories and experiences to the ties of friendship and relation which are often formed more by accident than design - as he pursues the ripples caused by Marta's death.  Compelled, or perhaps haunted, by his experience, Victor infiltrates the dead woman's family, cautiously eager to discharge the duty he feels he owes them by sharing the details of her final hours, and yet at the same time he  remains detached and ruminative, concluding his narration by inverting the way he started it - by quietly pondering how the world takes its leave of us.For the little that transpires in 'Tomorrow in the Battle Think on Me', it is a fabulously dense and lyrical novel.  This is due to Marias' method, a loopy spiral of streaming consciousness that never directly attacks his point, but instead circles it, lays siege to it, until it finally capitulates.  Marias' deft handling of the story is evident from the very beginning - this is not an affected journey of discovery for both reader and narrator.  This is a deliberate delivery - a recounting - and is thus gracefully understated, transferred all the more effectively by the lack of false tension.  Little suspense, perhaps, but so interesting it's difficult to put down.If Marias makes a few missteps along the way, they seem minor and forgivable, and to my mind, only tangentially related to his main thrust of our tenuous and melancholic connection to the world and its inhabitants.  Where Marias succeeds most effectively is in the subtleties he teases out of his narrative.  The connections he writes of are not new, of course, but surprising nonetheless, as his technique for bringing them to the surface reminds me most of flowing water that slowly reveals the outlines of things buried in the ground.There are some novels that seem more like literary puzzles, as if the author is reserving his ideas only for those clever enough to decipher his abstruse clues - thankfully, 'Tomorrow on the Battle' is not that sort of novel, but that isn't to say I'm able to fully appreciate Marias' meanderings in one reading.  What a pleasure to find a story that looks to be as revelatory in subsequent readings as in the first.  Unfortunately, Marias' appeal will probably be limited - his style will not seem friendly to a great many readers - but those who are immediately attracted as well as those who are gradually won over will be rewarded with a singular reflection and a contemplative pace that I found extremely satisfying.
Likeable Business is smart and clear and has changed the way I think about my business and my relationship with clients.
It might be that Salinger invented adolescence.  Previous to this American standard or classic, whichever you choose, we were a less adolescent-obsessed and preoccupied society. That maligned condition has since expanded by  many years- starts around 11 and ends around 32.Give or take.The book transforms kids from book bored to book possible.  I have never come across, in 30 years of work with kids, one young person, in any culture, of either gender, who having read the book, (implying they could,) did not love it. They claim it, and feel as though it were a personal match, "that's how I feeel!" They are still, of course, in a state of complete selfcenteredness.  They join it in symbolic affiliation.No matter how desperately close, the imitators have gotten, there just is no other book that generates this kind of response. It is a one shot deal, but often sufficiently positive to further attempts with the literary life.ONLY IN AMERICA,  could a Holden Caulfield come along and capture generation after generation.  Just as Huckleberry Finn did before him, they work our forms out a little more,  sculpt us a little bit firmly.
Rifles for Watie is a book about the Civil War that is written for school age readers.  Despite the intended audience, this book is every bit as interesting for an adult reader.The author, Harold Keith interviewed, many Civil War veterans living in Oklahoma and found that he had enough information to write a historical novel.  As a result, his battle stories pack in the absurd incidents of war intermixed with its horror.  In one case, a new recruit rides into battle wearing his wedding suit-he'd joined right after his marriage.  The groom is killed in the suit in that same battle.Oklahoma (then called Indian Territory) and Missouri was packed with adherents of both sides of the war.  Consequently the war is very cruel and personal.  Keith takes this fact in full.  The reader very much gets the cruelty of the war in the descriptive passages.In researching the book, Keith was able to meet with veterans of both sides.  To get that info out-to tell the whole tale of the Missouri/Oklahoma theater of war-Keith uses an interesting literary tactic.  He tells the tale through the eyes of Jeff Bussey, a cornpone eating teenage Kansas Pioneer who joins up for the Union.  Bussey then becomes a spy, serving in the Confederate Army with the purpose of keeping an eye out for a shipment of rifles for Confederate General Stand Watie and his men.
You really feel sorry for the children. Life in the mill is just miserable. You can't put the book down... you just gotta find out what happens next.
I initially thought that author Terry J. Fadem approached his topic in too dry and declarative a manner, so that this book would be more useful in analyzing questions than in asking them.  I thought he handled the Socratic method too axiomatically to be really useful.  I felt he really didn't do his topic justice.Then, just for laughs, I used his tips to jot possible questions in the margin of a meeting agenda.  Though I can't say Fadem revolutionized the meeting experience, or breathed new life into a dead endeavor, it was one of the more productive meetings I have attended.  I got straight, useful answers from participants who had been habitually evasive or vague.  I emerged feeling like my time had been well spent.I wish Fadem wasn't so narrowly prescriptive.  I wish his language style wasn't so starchy.  I feel he should have spent less print space on lists of boilerplate questions, and more on exercises to help us create our own questions.  But as an introduction to the use of dialectic method in a business setting, this is a pretty handy book.  Just be prepared to use it as a launch pad, not a throne.
This is a must book if you know before hand if you want your point taken seriously. It is a teaching and learning tool which can be used even with family arguments!! We all need that!!!
Bought this book at a whim and did not wish to read it for a long long time, till I picked it up and then could not stop until I had reached the very last page.Sijie's first novel or rather novella (considering it is only something like 184 pages long) begins with the Chinese Revolution headed by General Mao and the concept of &quot;re-education&quot; - as a result of which two teenagers are transported to an ancient village away from civilization.No one being re-educated is permitted to read any books excepting the little book of sayings written by Chairman Mao. It is when, through a series of events, they obtain a book written by Balzac (the reading of which is now a crime) that suddenly the world of literature and of ideas abruptly opens to them. They are so hungry for more that all they can do is dream (and scheme) about getting other such books. They later meet the third primary character in this book, the very beautiful young seamstress, and, by relating to her the words of Balzac, produce in her too the desire for more such words and thoughts. She is as hungry for new stories and ideas as are the two boys.Luo, now in love with the girl, wants to obtain more books for her, not only to please her but also to raise her up from her lack of education to become something other than the peasant girl she is (albeit a beautiful one). In that desire to &quot;re-educate&quot; the girl he loves resides their ultimate future.This is a wonderful story about relationships and love, about the buoyancy of youthful souls thrown into the cold and potentially drowning waters of very trying circumstances, and, lastly, about the need for those things in our lives that stir our imaginations to life and so generate fresh desires and new dreams within us. It is the stirring of human imagination that ultimately changes the world.
Very sad story of the Indians treatment by whites, found it hard to put down. Has been shared with several people. Quick shipping, well packaged
Java was developed to be a cross-platform language. "Write Once, Run Anywhere" is the slogan, and an admirable ideal to attempt to reach. So when I first saw the title of the book Java Application Development on Linux, I expected to find descriptions of some idiosyncrasies in the Linux environment that affected the "Run Anywhere" part of the equation. What I got was a lot more.The authors, Carl Albing and Michael Schwarz, chose to create a book that is a complete guide to writing commercial-quality Java programs. They focused on how to use the tools of Linux to assist in the creation of Java programs. The book is broken up into five major parts: Getting Started, Developing Business Logic, Developing Graphical User Interfaces, Developing Web Interfaces, and Developing Enterprise Scale Software. Each chapter is self-contained, and the reader can choose what they read without losing track. Each chapter starts with a summary of what you'll learn, and concludes with a "What You Still Don't Know" section.Part I provides a 10-chapter overview of Linux, Java, the SDK's (Software Development Kits) from Sun and IBM, version control via CVS, and IDEs. The first two chapters cover a sampling of command-line Linux, plus the Vi editor to create your programs. Chapter 3 gives you a overview of the Java language, and Chapter 4 covers how the program can deal with the context in which it's running. The next two chapters cover Sun's SDK and IBM's development kit (briefly). Chapter 7 describes how to use the GNU Compiler for Java (gcj) to create native-code programs.Larger programs definitely need some form of source control, so the widely available Concurrent Versioning System (CVS) is clearly described out. For building and deploying the numerous files of a larger project, Ant provides value beyond what the make facility can offer. Finally, Integrated Development Environments (IDEs) are covered. The focus is on NetBeans, but SunONE Studio Community Edition and Eclipse are also covered.If the book stopped after Part I, you would still have a valuable addition to your bookshelf. However, Part II continues with a five-chapter discussion on how to get requirements, documentation, and buy-in; how to analyze the program and discover the objects to be created; automated testing with JUnit; storing data in databases using Oracle, PostgreSQL, and MySQL; and using the Java Database Connector (JDBC) to access them.Most users want some form of a graphical user interface (GUI) to access the program and their data. Part III describe how to create a GUI using Swing and the Standard Widget Toolkit (SWT).By far the most popular way to access programs is via a browser. Part IV describes Java Servlets  and JSP (JavaServer Pages), and also talks about two Java-based web application servers (JBoss and Geronimo).Finally, Part V covers Enterprise JavaBeans (EJBs) in what the authors describe as "an almost criminally brief introduction". While it is definitely an overview, they still cover more than enough about EJBs to get you rolling. They wrap up the book with a plea for help. The book is an Open Content book, and therefore they are requesting comments, suggestions, and patch files to help improve the text and examples.I have to admit that Java Application Development on Linux is an extremely readable, very informative, and deep without being lengthy book. The tone used by Carl and Michael was very conversational. I found it enjoyable, interesting, and highly informative. The only complaint I have is that they tried to cover a little too much in a single book. EJBs definitely warranted more coverage than they provided. In all, I rate it a 4 out of 5.
This was a great book have when I taught a unit about pioneers and settlers.  We read it the day we took a field trip to an old fashioned school house.
To think of it, for all those years we thought the FBI was our friend. In reality, a petty and pitiful Hoover ran it for 40 years as his  private smut agency to blackmail his political enemies. He hated Gays, his own personal life is dark and confused. Yet no president dared to cross Hoover in fear their own dark deeds would come to light. His death gives one pause. Perhaps someone did say "enough is enough."
This book is an enigma...I read about  of it at this point....Connie Brown is obviously a Super-Trader with much knowledge. But she has difficulty teaching it....The book is loaded with nuance and tips, but it is not presented in a cohesive manner...Indeed, there are vast sections which just seem to be her conscious ramblings....You will work very hard to get the most out of this book...The charts are usually a several year view without enough detail to aid in supporting the concepts she is discussing.For example, the chapter on Eliot wave is a vast wasteland of thoughts from Connie with few sign-posts and structure...You will feel like you are drifting aimlessly in her thought desert - looking for an oases to turn this knowledge into an operational trading plan...I found this chapter to be unreadable which was very disapointing as it is the cornerstone (and by far largest chapter) of the book where all the techniques are to come together (and I am not picking on Connie - you can see from my other reviews - I gave her high marks on her later FIb book).Connie often comes across as patronizing - an elite super trader - who admits in several sections to be holding back information...Connie, please read "The Secret" - the Law of Abundance states there is plenty out there for all of us ;-).The chapter on Gann and Time analysis will leave you still thirsty in the desert of Connie's thoughts...There is further reading suggested and a link on her website where you can buy a Gann wheel for about [..]bucks. She presents this section as some semi-mystical area for just the chosen few who are willing to spend years in study....And I certainly was convinced....Until I read Robert Miner's latest book called: "High-Probability Trading Strategies"...He takes all that what appears to be out of touch concepts in Connie's book -> Price, Patter, Time, and Momentum - and creates a fantastic, cohesive, understandable trading plan.....Ah ha, this isn't rocket science as presented by Connie!!! - Rather it is a set of pretty-easy techniques, rules, mixed with judgment as presented by Robert Miner!!!!!Connie, you are obviously a trading genius...Your gift should be to create a cohesive, all-out (no secrets), useable- trading book to help us mere mortals - this is not that book....Give it up Connie!!! -After all, what are you saving it for?
John Steinbeck has written a novel with a powerful message; sometimes, things are best just the way they are.The story, based on a Mexican folk tale, centers on Kino, Juana, and their baby son Coyotito.  Kino is a poor fisherman/pearl diver, relying on his canoe which was passed on from his grandfather down to him.  His family lives in a small grass shack and they have very few possessions, but they have each other and they are happy.  However, one day, baby Coyotito is bitten by a scorpion which made its way into his crib.  Immediately, the poison begins to take hold, despite Juana's frantic efforts to suck the poison out of the baby.  Desperate for their baby, Kino and Juana take him into town to see the doctor.However, once in town, they are informed that the doctor is out on another visit, when in reality, he doesn't want to see Kino's family at all. Disheartened, Kino heads for his canoe.Once out on the water, he goes through his regular routine of gathering clams and searching for pearls.  But this dive turns out to be like no other Kini has ever experienced, for when he opens one of the clams, he sees the biggest pearl he's ever seen; The Pearl of the World.  It is as large as a seagull's egg, and as perfect as the moon.  Kino sees the immediate end to all of his problems, for with this pearl, he will have wealth beyond his wildest dreams: or will he?Almost immediately, things begin to change in Kino's life.  He begins to watch people a little more closely, fearing that they may try to steal his pearl.  He dreams of owning new clothes, a new rifle, and having his son attend school someday.He decides to venture into town to sell the pearl and collect his fortune.  But, what he finds out there is not what he expected.  The buyers tell him that the pearl is too large and because it is so large, it is not worth much money.  He is offered much less money than he expected.  Enraged, Kino and Juana head back to their house, and he buries the pearl in the dirt floor.  But, during the night, someone sets his house on fire.  Everything is quickly consumed, leaving only a few items.  Kino then goes to check on his canoe, but he finds that someone has punched a hole in the bottom, rendering it useless.Determined to get what he thinks the pearl is worth, the family decides to head to the capitol and sell the pearl there.  But, Kino soon realizes that they are not alone; three trackers are following them.  Kino tries to stay ahead of the trackers as they head off into the mountains.  Will Kino succeed in selling his treasured pearl, or will the trackers catch up to them?This is an excellent book, and it carries an important message; sometimes, things are better off the way they are rather than changing them.  Kino was a humble and hard-working young man trying to raise his family the best he could, but once he found the pearl, everything about him changed.  He became suspicious, greedy, and disrespectful to Juana.  Granted, his intentions were good, but his actions were not.  In the end, Kino ends up losing two precious things.I highly recommend this classic work by John Steinbeck.  Its message is clear; sometimes, things are best just the way they are.
I really liked the take of this book....be calm, let the child lead, be calm, the child will not be ready until he/she is ready, be calm.  Did I mention that a ton of this book is based on you?  Like I said I did like the book, it was easy to read and made sense...EXCEPT if you have a totally stubborn child who absolutely refuses to go on the potty.  There is no practicals on how to deal with problems like this.  What do you do when your child is ready, but can not be bothered to stop playing?  I think the book can be improved greatly by some practical answers other than maybe your child is not ready.
This is one of the books that actually changed the world - well the investment world at least. Starting in the 1950's, Harry Markowitz and others in academia developed what later became modern portfolio theory (MPT). The thing was that the investment industry didn't really pick up on these novelties. That is, not until the first edition of this book in 1985 and the paper Determinants of Portfolio Performance the following year by Brinson et. al. After that the investment business was changed for ever. Mr Ellis, the most influential investment writer of the age, was for 30 years not only the managing partner of Greenwich Associated investment advisors to a huge number of financial organizations but also found time to teach at Harvard and Yale and to sit on a number of endowment boards.The real gem in this book is the concept of the loser's game. Ellis offers the analogy of tennis and concludes that this sport could actually be two different types of games. Tennis played by amateurs is a loser's game as the outcome is determined by the mistakes of the loser. Professional tennis players make very few mistakes so it's a winner's game where the outcome is determined by the winner's initiatives. Professionals win points, amateurs lose points. Investments have according to Ellis turned into a loser's game. Most professional investment managers are extremely skilled and combined they have enough capital to almost become the market. This then makes it extremely hard for any one of them to regularly beat the market.In a loser's game the one that makes the least strategic mistakes win. In Ellis analysis too many in the investment business focus on the nearly impossible task of beating the market but too few investment managers try to understand the needs of their clients. The conclusion is that focus should shift to setting up a clearly written investment policy with an asset allocation that truly caters to those needs. Asset mix is what counts and market timing, stock selection and changes in portfolio strategy should be downplayed.Despite its importance this is a very short book. It's also a very likable book where you clearly feel that the author wants to help his readers to make better decisions. The concept of the loser's game is presented early and the consequences of this then follow when it comes to portfolio building, risk management, policy setting, performance measurement etc. All this in less than a hundred pages (which might be the reason for the impact in the investment industry).To be honest the book feels quite a bit dated. MPT has dominated the investment arena for the last decades and its critics are getting louder. Two large stock market crashes the last ten years has not helped to boost the popularity of static asset mixes that is periodically rebalanced. Putting the area of behavioural finance aside and the challenge it post to modern portfolio theory, I think the most serious critique of Ellis conclusions is that they miss the time varying nature of expected returns of the different asset classes. Very few of the clients Ellis discusses really have 50 years long time horizons. For the next 5 to 10 years the expected returns of the equity market, of bonds of commodities etc. will due to the current valuation, the amount of overcrowding and the economic environment be vastly different from the long run averages.This was very innovative work for its time. It's not anymore, but I would still recommend the book to anyone who wants to understand how the investment business got to where it is today. The thoughts in this book should be part of any market participant's tool box but the industry also has to move on from this - I'm not sure everybody in it has.This is a review by eqtbooks.com
Gail is so human and inspiring at once, and her Zen spirituality enriches her recommendations for the writing process. Her book reads so lyrically. She pretty much shares what I have already enjoyed learning from Julia Cameron, Natalie Goldberg and others who are highly qualified on teaching us about just showing up there and nothing should every be a valid excuse in our minds for not writing. I enjoyed learning the following also from Gail:Be there but out of the wayIt is important to write even when we are in the wrong mood or weather is wrong or sky is falling, etc. Even if we don't succeed we'll be developing a muscle that may do it later on.
There is certainly no shortage of books teaching how to set and achieve goals. In The ZigZag Principle, Rich Christiansen, the author brings a unique perspective to the process.  Most books on the subject teach the direct approach.  Figure out where you want to go and charge full steam ahead toward your goal.If you have been in the business world even for a short time period, you have probably met someone who was hard charging, running over anyone and anything that got in their way.  While this approach produces short terms results, the long term effects are crash and burn.  As Mr. Christiansen points out, that approach is not sustainable.  In fact it is normally quite destructive.  There is a better way - The Zigzag Principles.The book starts with a little story about the author and his son on a skiing trip.  This was his son's third trip and he was still in the beginner's stage.  Somehow they made a wrong turn and ended up on a very steep, black diamond run.  Instead of heading straight down hill to a certain wipe out, Rich told his son to zigzag safely down the hill.The same principles apply in business and life.  Instead of trying to go head on at or through all obstacles, learn to zigzag around them.While the principles of the book work in both business and life, the book is written primarily for the entrepreneur.  The first section of the book deals with foundational issues.  You must know your values and where you want to go.  Once the foundational issues are solid, it is time to move to the three zigzag principles.The first principle is to get to cash first.  Far too many businesses fail because they do not understand and follow this principle.  Focus on making the business profitable.The second "zag" principle is once you are profitable, then and only then add the additional resources you will need - this is people, equipment and capital.  The third "zig" is to scale the business.  Many businesses become stuck in the profitable mode and fail to scale because the owner refuses to let go and empower others in the business.After the three zigzag principles, Rich gives some great advice on boundaries and guardrails - safety measures to make sure you are staying on course.  Next he talks about the proper use of rewards.  The final chapter deals with the "all or nothing" mindset that trips up so many business owners.This book gives a refreshing approach to achieving your goals in business and life.  It is very conversational and therefore easy to read.  Rich uses lots of examples from his own journey as a charge ahead, win at all cost young manager to a more responsible and much more successful entrepreneur.You will certainly learn and profit from this book.  A very easy but profitable read.
This is the best current book out for pattern drafting, but I prefer the 3rd edition by the same title. It has styles that are more relevant for today. Caveat: Both editions contain mistakes (for example, double figuring in ease) so you should have some experience with making patterns and fitting before jumping aboard. Furthermore, the patterns and rules that are outlined focus on a mass production type pattern. If you're doing custom-fit clothing, you really need apply your experience and intuition to the pattern making instructions shown.
With his first novel "Sister Carrie", writer Theodore Dreiser put his name on the map. Much of his following success is due to this book. Much of what he wrote in this novel is based on facts that happened to his sisters. When he submitted the work to a publisher he almost got a contract - if not a publisher's wife had read the book and found it immoral.For being so candid about controversial issues, Dreiser was label as immoral - but, as a matter of fact, he was frank, touching current issues that other writers and society used to (or still do) avoid. This is one of the main reason for reading "Sister Carrie". Being an X-Ray of time like nothing else made this interesting book survive through time. And nowadays it is considered one of America's greatest classics. It is such an important book, that many critics and scholars consider it a the first modern American novel and has influenced writers like Hemmingway and Fitzgerald.Thematic was not the writer's main concern in "Sister Carrie". The use of language was ahead of its time. Dreiser was not afraid of incorporating slang to his text. For that, the book is a portrait of its time, how people behaved and talked - what makes the reading more interesting for contemporary readers. Although the language used was the one current when the novel was written it is never difficult for contemporary audiences. Moreover, the interesting plot and developed characters only make "Sister Carrie" very accessible.The plot tells the story of young Carrie, a girl who leaves her hometown to move to Chicago to live with her sister and find a decent job. But she has other plans. After attempting unglamorous jobs, she flees to live with a womanizer. But that is just the beginning of Carrie's journey down then up.Were it written by someone less talented, "Sister Carrie" would easily have become a soap opera. But Dreiser bring depth to his characters and situations. Carrie could have been only another 'a-star-is-born' type of character, but she is much more than that.So is Dreiser. With his following work (mostly with "An American Tragedy") he proved that "Sister Carrie" was not a fluke, but the conscious work of a talented writer. More than a hundred years later, his first novel is still read and very important to Literature.
love schaums elementary algebra, it was recommended to me with lots of practise questions, ok? ok ok ok ok ok
I read this book five years and now found myself skimming it again. This book has a lot of substance and appealing frameworks. Most of the content is timeless and is still valid today. Here are a couple of basic takeaways that I still remember five years later:* Focus on one single aspect of the product that you make unique and so entrenched in your whole system and business model that it cannot easily be copied by the competition. Then you copy everything else, just make it good enough. Now, the author describes this in more eloquent terms like "vector of differentiation".* Make a very clear distinction between product platform strategy and product strategy. The unique differentiator (what the author calls "defining technology") should be a part of the platform.However, for people in start-ups and smaller companies with rapidly changing markets and a high density of entrepreneurial personalities, some of the models are overly complex and the examples are mostly taken from large organizations. It's hard to rally small organizations around a 3-year product plan and product lines when  you can barely predict one quarter ahead.
I have to admit, I liked this one. I read some negative reviews, but I can't say I really agree with them. The story tackles an interesting subject and doesn't over complicate it- in fact, it was fairly simplistic. But it's a love story, not a sci-fi or commentary.I liked the characters and I don't think they lacked the depth that many others say- but they're not greatly complex, either.I read this story VERY fast- it was an easy read.Over all, it was a cute idea and not badly written. It was a love story with a little something different about it.
I stumbled upon this book by reading the author's complementary review of Larry Loftis' book on duplexes, triplexes and quads.  I thought it spoke well of the author to write a nice review of a "competitor" so I gave the book a shot.I was pleasantly surprised.  The book is EXTREMELY complete. (In fact, I preferred it to Loftis' excellent book) The first several chapters deal with the author's beginning as a dot com worker who started to dabble in multi-unit investment and chronicles how he quickly increased his net worth and eventually quit his job to devote himself fully to his real estate "empire".The remainder of the book was very meaty as well.  It basically gives all of the ins and outs of buying and managing properties, including a secion on dealing with Section 8 tenants which I'd not come across elsewhere in my reading.  There is also a lot of information about landlording and the laws which deal with it.  Martinez seems to be quite the careful sort, and I guess experience in real estate must teach you to always be on the lookout for potential troubles.  Perhaps his guidance and advice will allow me to skip any "shortcuts" I might otherwise have tried.In my view, a successful "how to" book must inform and motivate.  Martinez does a good job of that, motivating the reader with the success stories included in the first few chapters while also being extremely informative in the remainder of the book.  Don't be fooled by the sensationalist title, which kind of makes it seem like a get rich quick book (though I'm sure the title helped to sell a lot of books).  What the book IS is a thorough manual of how to proceed in investing and managing your rental properties and growing your wealth along the way.Five stars.
I am going on a solo trip to Paris and wanted to relearn some of my long lost French skills from 3 years of HS French in the 80s. Thought that I remembered nothing and honestly, at the time, I wasn't a very good French student anyway. After listening to these 2 CDs, so much came back to me! And, I kept thinking, WHY oh WHY did my teachers not teach me these "tricks" in HS? There are so many similarities between English and French vocab that it makes sense to link them in your brain. Can't believe I didn't know some of things he teaches after 3 years of suffering through a proper French course.This is a travelers CD set, however. No proper verb conjugations, no learning the difference between the masculine and feminine, etc., but for a fast review of the basics, especially if you've had French previously, this is it! And I do agree with the other reviewers that the woman on the CD is not the brightest bulb in the box (all the bats, but no belfry? A full 6 pack, but no plastic thingy to hold them all together?). I too was screaming at her but it made it sort of fun.
For years I have been repeating the old idea that Somerset Maugham was not quite an "A" writer, but was certainly among the best of the "B" writers.  I think this idea originated with Maugham himself.But the passage of years has made this idea look ridiculous.  Quick, now: name ANY author in English who wrote better short stories?  Maybe we should widen the playing field: name any author anywhere who wrote better short stories?  In the second case, I come up with Chekhov (another doctor).But, leaving all thoughts of competition and comparison behind, please read "The Luncheon" or "The Ant and the Grasshopper" for a side of Maugham rarely mentioned: he can be as funny as any man on the planet ever was.  He may be skewering a victim while doing so, but that's hardly illegal.  "The Fall of Edward Bernard" is another world-class story, as is "Honolulu."You can't go wrong here.  If you find yourself gnashing your teeth when the book is finished, relax.  There are three more volumes.Highest possible recommendation!!
I really loved this book. Beverly Donofrio is a very honest spiritual seeker, free of piety and self-pity. A teenage mother deserted by her husband (who later dies of AIDS), she moves with her young son to New York to pursue her dream of being a writer. An MFA from Columbia and a rather wild social life follow. Later in life, with a stormy relationship with her son to contend with and many failed relationships, Donofrio finds herself drawn to Mary for spiritual sustenence. This is where the book heats up -- trips to Medjugore and Mexico, mystical experiences, and healing for the author. She acknowledges that her neglectful parenting has been her son's "cross to bear" but finds forgiveness for herself as well. You won't close this book dry eyed.
This is an exhaustive attempt to depict the lives of women in ancient Egypt.  It is compiled mostly from primary sources, contemporary observations, and some references to papers published in the last decade.  Many of the observations are assumptions from legal records and comparisons to what is known about the of contemporary women in other Mediterranean cultures.  While being an academic work, it is an easy read and clearly was written for non academics. Recommended for the curious and introductory reading for this area of expertise.
I'm on the second read. So far the main take-aways I've gleaned are: What are my feelings? What emotion am I experiencing? What are my feelings and emotions when I'm going about making a trade or investment decision?  Am I acting out a fractal emotional script from depths of my earliest experiences? Where on a spectrum, defined by extremes of fear of missing out and fear of future regret, are my emotions and feelings regarding any trade or investment decision? Am I motivated to position with a perhaps not so good trade by an inner urge to show my parents how smart, independent, self-sufficient, or better than their other child I am? Am I trying to show Mr. Market something relative to my parents?  What do I feel and emote and why when evaluating my portfolio? How can I use my feelings, emotions and earliest childhood influences as data to help make better decisions and avoid costly account destroying blowups? Salient questions all: Shull's work describes why and how to go about answering thus making MMG a worthy read.I liked her use of fictional characters to illustrate common responses to her thesis and even more common trading-investing mistakes and how awareness of emotional, feeling, and emotional-fractal contexts save portfolio managers from costly big mistakes. Her erudite style made for an interesting read that did not insult my  intelligence. Inclusion of a Bibliography and Index was a plus that prompted me to wonder at the lack of foot or end notes, but as the book is published for the laity rather than professional academia that was not a problem at all.
Pretty good but not her best.  The story lags at some points and she seems to lose focus but is able to finish it up with her tried and true formula.
The book is rich with real-life scenarios, and analises of it. It's great to inform newly promoted proffesionals (Divemasters and Instructors) in diving and prepare them for possible troubles that might occur, and how to react, and even maybe more precios HOW NOT TO REACT, to avoid even fatal results. Very objective stand of view, very fair and real. It's not for begginers in diving.
I've never read anything like it, fearing to finish it, but persisted to the end, luminously  grieving for my 2nd-wife Carolin Combs (who died at 49 on 26 JAN 07.)
I love all the Practice Makes Perfect Italian series and recommend them regularly.  The books overlap which is good for review with students.
My goodness, what an absolutely outstanding book - I could not put it down. It brought me to tears many times as it caused me some serious reflection.  The characters were vivid, sentance structure was pure art, and sometimes I actually felt like I knew the people and could completely relate to the complex drama of family secrets and the petty shames many of us (me too) locked into our smallness.  At 601 pages, I was done easily in under a week.  It was well worth my time and I believe a very compelling narrative on free will from a Christian perspective.This book is very relevant, well placed historically, and a testament to freedom and the creative potential of the human spirit."Timshel - Thou Mayest makes a man great, that gives him stature with the gods...  That gives a choice, the way is open - can choose his course and fight it through and win...  This is a ladder to climb to the stars...  A path is open, new and bright...  Thou mayest rule over sin...  You must master it.""The lightning shattered the air into quaking pieces."
I first read this book about 20 years ago. I still remember it vividly.  Francis Cheggin Cornish seems less like a fictional character to me than a real person a favorite uncle told me stories about.  Actually, that's as apt a description of Davies as a novelist/persona I can think of.At the simplest level, this book is about the life of an artist -- but that gross simplification doesn't even scratch the surface of Davies' rich exercise in fictionalized biography.  To me, this book is nothing less than a contemplation of how life experience makes a person what they are.  A simple enough idea, but one that opens up to infinite complexities.  It is rare to encounter a life (real or imagined) unspooled with such fascinating lucidity and a deft insight.What's that mean?  Basically, Davies' writes about the character Francis Cornish in a way that draws you in at every level.  By the end, you will feel as if you KNOW him.  Again, it sounds like a simple literary idea -- fictionalized biography -- but you feel free to hunt around for other examples as good as this.  You won't be finding many, I'd be so bold to wager.This is the "middle" book of Davies' Cornish Trilogy (my favorite of his trilogy of trilogies, though you can't go wrong with any of 'em) though, chronologically, the first in the story.  I read it that way, way back when, and I actually recommend that.  Maybe I'm off-base here but I think the first book (The Rebel Angels) works better when you know this one, regardless of the order Davies wrote the works in.  I dunno.  You decide.Anyway, a heck of a book.  A heck of writer.  Can't recommend it enough.-- mm
This book had to be groundbreaking in its day--40-50 years ago. One of the first real feminist statements. Today there is less shock value to the book, but very well written and insightful nevertheless less
It was a very good read.  Interesting about his particular life and how he came through it all.  Would have like more details and depth to the book.
I received this book on Thursday, and for the next four nights I didn't turn the lights off before 2:00 AM in the morning. That's how good this book was, and in a week or so, I will savor it again but at a slower pace. I have read the first two books in the Eskkar and Trella series, and I believe that this one is the best of the three. There are many things to like about this epic, and the first one I can think of is that at over 600 pages, Sam Barone gives you a huge bang for your buck. The enjoyment of a good read is VERY prolonged, and I like that! Secondly, the battle scenes are extended and very well done. The action flows and is exciting as the reader experiences the haze of battle from a half dozen characters. Conflict of Empires is not a one man show, and through the eyes of many characters, a fluid battlefield unfolds before one's eyes. Next, the detail is excellent. As I read the story, the visual imagery was very strong, and the actions and planning done by the main characters followed very logical courses. Lastly, the endings of Sam Barone's stories tend to be uplifting. When you finish reading one of his novels you feel like life is hard but good with a bright future ahead. Criticisms? Publishers should make any 600+ page book available in hardcover since they need the extra strength and just plain look and feel better. I'm laughing as I write this, but in book one, I liked Jalen's character and look what happened to him. In book three, Oh Mr. Barone, how could you? And to..............and.............and a few others. I'm just kidding, you know. Really, thanks for the hours of happy reading.
When I initially opened this book, I expected another self help, know yourself, love yourself book.  But as far as self help books go, this one is a keeper.  Yes, there are some obvious rules...but even those are revisited in a way that kind of puts one in a more open frame of mind.I am a woman, but I'm also a little man-like in how I like my love-advice. I don't need a song or a novel or a poem, tell me the problem and I will fix it.  This reads like a how-to book.  The layout of the rules makes this book easy to digest. I really don't do well with self help books because they so often spend the first four chapters introducing and selling their brand of help before ever sharing what that is....then by the time I get to it I have either lost interest or am disappointed by the wasted time.  This book gets right to it.  And you can flip around to read as much or as little of each rule as you wish.  I imagine over the years this book could become dog-eared for many different salient points.This isn't just for romantic relationships.  There is great advice in here that I plan to employ with my 15 year old son.  Hopefully by showing him through my actions, he won't need a book...love and respect will come naturally.I definitely recommend.
Bogle is brilliant on so many of the investment issues that matter most to individual investors -- investing intelligently, the fallacy of active management, how the investment-management industry screws its customers and gets away with it, etc.  But as good as he is as an investment &quot;guru,&quot; he is even better as a writer.His writing combines a deft mastery of mathematics with the ability to lay it out on the page so carefully that you'll wonder how you didn't think of the idea.  His prose is simple, concise, and often, funny.  Bogle is best in speeches and essays, this book combines a very well selected combination of both.I read other investment literature, and I frequently see the articles and speeches in this book cited.  Any interested observer of financial markets, investor wanting to keep from losing his shirt, or professional in the investment management industry would benefit from reading this book.  I heartily recommend it!
Core Servlets and JSPs is currently the best book available for learning these two technologies. I have several other books on Servlets and, while each has pockets of information, none of them does as thourogh a job as this one. You will also find that the other Servlets books usually fail to cover Java Server Pages. The book is very easy to read, clear, accurate, and overall extremely well written. Of all the books I have evaluated, I selected this one for a one-week section on Servlets and JSPs which I teach as part of my company's training program. I highly recommend it to you as well.
The 19th century marked the turning point, when mankind began to be urban rather than rural.  All over the world, a process started of people abandoning their old homes and heading for the bright lights and the lure of fortune in town.  It's still going on in much of the world.  Similarly, writers of many nations traced the stories of such people, writers like Zola, Balzac, Dickens, and even Horatio Alger, who made a clich&eacute; out of it.  (Nice work, Horatio !)  Theodore Dreiser wrote this classic novel at the beginning of the 20th century, about a girl who leaves a Wisconsin backwater for Chicago.  Unable to make ends meet through the drudgery of factory or shop work, she winds up as mistress to two men, the second of whom gives up home, good job, and family for her, committing a crime along the way.  They flee to New York, where, as the long story unfolds, Carrie becomes a successful actress while Hurstwood, her star-crossed lover, slowly hits bottom, becoming a scab in a street car strike, having gambled away what little money he possessed.This gripping tale will take you time.  It is couched in 19th century terms, that is, while it is about sex and power relationships between men and women, it is anything but explicit.  Carrie at first is just a kept woman, but after an unexpected success in an amateur theatrical, she gains power.  The themes of instinct vs. reason and raw desire vs. understanding suffuse the book.  Carrie seldom thinks her way out of any situation, she isn't a schemer, rather more of a dreamer; she falls into everything almost by accident, but uses her sexuality to succeed and climb out of poverty.Unlike most literature of the time, and certainly unlike much of Hollywood's products over the years, a life of "sin" does pay here.  Carrie climbs the social and economic ladder, despite her discontent with Hurstwood's lack of gumption.  It's all quite the opposite of the American dream of Lincoln-like figures succeeding by dint of their hard work, study, and dedication.  She merely longs for pleasure and luxury and through sex, clothes, and looks, plus taking advantage of small 'breaks', reaches her goals.  She realizes along the way, though, that there is more to life, but she cannot conceive of what that might be.  We leave her at last, a lonely, but successful figure, sitting at the window.This is one of America's classic novels.  It goes without saying that it's worth five stars.  Great story, great writing; it evokes the times so well, you feel as if you knew them yourself.
I love the reptile room and I love the Wide Window but the Ersatz Elvator blew both books out of the water. Its a great plot and scheme and I garentee for it to leave you hanging more than ever!
Didn't know this was a veggie cookbook. Still great. Especially if you add a little chicken or steak here or there.
If you love California and literature, this book is for you! "Samuel rode lightly on top of a book and he balanced happily among ideas the way a man rides white rapids in a canoe. But Tom got into a book, crawled and groveled between the covers, tunneled like a mole among the thoughts, and came up with the book all over his face and hands." This is a book that will get all over your face and hands and you will love it.Steinbeck has innovative, articulate and beautiful ways of describing his family - their strength of character as well as his love for them."Her faith is a mountain, and you, my son, haven't even got a shovel yet.""She had no love of places. A place was only a resting stage on the way to heaven.""I believe a strong woman may be stronger than a man, particularly if she happens to have love in her heart. I guess a loving woman is almost indestructible.""Dessie was not beautiful. Perhaps she wasn't even pretty, but she had the glow that makes men follow a woman in the hope of reflecting a little of it."John makes you think, internalize and reflect on who we are and what we stand for."You can boast about anything if it's all you have. Maybe the less you have, the more you are required to boast.""It would be absurd if we did not undertsnad both angels and devils, since we invented them.""There are no ugly questions except those clothed in condescension.""Perhaps the best conversationalist in the world is the man who helps others to talk."Read this book.
This book is a perfect introduction to space for a 2-3 year old child.  Simple pictures and simple text make it great for this age group.
I found this book really helpful for ideas to help soothe my daughter rather than just letting her cry it out.  Definitely worth reading.  FYI - this book and it's methods do take time so it's not a quick fix.
Shrimp, the Endless Quest for Pink Gold (STEQFPG), is an easily accessible book that examines the shrimping industry vis a vis a conservational viewpoint.  The authors set an informal and accessible pace by often inserting anecdotes of his/her shrimping trips, which were quite fascinating to this reader.  As a fan of shrimp, I never considered the amount of environmental damage, e.g. by-catch, involved in each shrimp harvesting.  The authors heavily detail the friction between the government, conservationists, and shrimpers, and this friction increased during the 1970s-80s as the former began to enforce the use of TEDS-equipped shrimping nets to prevent the death of sea turtles.  I appreciated the small biology lesson as well, with an inserted anatomical diagram of a shrimp.The next time I eat a bucket of fried shrimp, I'll think twice about the impact of shrimp harvesting.
I enjoy Graham Greene's books and bought some used copies from a street vendor a while ago.  I took this one with me to read one day because it was the smallest and shortest one of the bunch.  I sure was surprised when I quickly discovered that, although it was only 247 pages long, it certainly did pack a wallop.  I think it is my favorite so far and I've read quite a few of this author's books.Written way back in 1938, it is set in a world that probably exists only in the memories of the Brits who visited Brighton during that year.  For those of you not familiar with the place, Brighton is a seaside resort frequented by working class people.  There are hotels and restaurants, a racetrack and all kinds of Boardwalk amusements.  It is also run by a mob which rivals any in greed and violence.  As usual with Graham Greene, there is a theme of good and evil.  The boy named Pinkie is bad; the girl he romances named Rose is good.  Both are Catholics and the Catholic belief system looms large in this story, adding depth to the excellent characterizations.The writing is excellent, the descriptions clear and concise.  It didn't even take me long to pick up the British slang which included words I had never heard before.  There are several murders in this book.  And some unforgettable characters.  I'll never forget big bosomed good-natured Ida who sets off to solve the murders and save poor Rose's life.  There are also some great mob characters.The title of the book has several meanings.  It's not only about the place itself.  There's a kind of rock candy sold there that is referred to as Brighton Rock.  And one of the themes is that it tastes the same all the way through no matter how far down you eat it.  Clearly this refers to the main character Pinkie, who is also referred to as "The Boy" and is rotten right down to his core.Put all these elements together and the result is an excellent story that gripped me from the beginning and which I couldn't put down until it was finished.  And even though I know that the Brighton of 1938 is no more, I sure would like to visit it.Highly recommended.
Jon Reed has put together a reasonably comprehensive book for those who have little exposure or familiarity with different facets of Online Marketing.  Moving through a clear progression of thought he guides the reader through the basics of:Creating a strategy;Getting online and establishing presence;Creating Sites and Profiles;Specific Hints for Facebook, Linkedin, Twitter and others;How to find a consultant.It strength of simplicity however, is also it's weakness.  If you already have a basic presence the information available here may yield a nugget or two along the way, but this is definitely a work for the beginner; intermediate or expert users will not find much new here.All in all, a helpful read and worthwhile for those who fall into the target audience.4 stars.  Recommended for beginners.bart breen
RENEWAL ENERGY SYSTEMSWhen I saw this book was put out by the Academic Press  I knew it would be a quality book.  It is , however, more for the beginner.  At the beginning,  when they use the Oxford dictinary to define  the word "choice" and "awareness" I felt llike I was being talked down to.However this is a good all around book,  a basic book good for beginners.  It covers "renewable energy";  the wind wave,  tidal, hydropower, Solar power, which includes solar thermal, and geothermal power; Biomass and biofuel technologies; which includes biogasses, and renewable fraction of waste, which is household and industrial waste.The book then gets more technical and discusses different energy plans, including the Danish Society Engineers' Energy plan, which includes many graphs and diagrams and comparisons of the five alternative100 percent renewable energy systems.  Empirical examples are given, which give the reader case examples  which helps the reader make up their own minds.
Claire Randall is on a second honeymoon with her husband Frank after serving as a combat nurse in World War II. While on a trip to Scotland they visit an ancient stone circle known as Craigh na Dun. Claire touches one of the standing stones and is suddenly sucked back in time to war-torn Scotland in 1743. After almost being captured and raped by hostile British soldiers, she is rescued and taken by a band of Scottish outlaws. An &quot;out of the fire into the frying pan&quot; situation if there ever was one. The Scots are deeply suspicious of Claire's dress, speech and manner. Thinking her to be a British spy they decide to take her with them to their stronghold. She does win the men over, to some extent, when she uses her nursing skills to save the life of one of their comrades, James Fraser, a recent escapee from a British prison.And so begins one of the most remarkable sagas in modern fiction. To label &quot;Outlander&quot; a romantic historical novel is to do it a terrible injustice. This is an epic romance, yes. And the relationship between Claire and Jamie is one of the most caring and intimate I have ever encountered - in fiction or in real life.  Claire, having lived in England during the bombings of WWII, and served as a nurse at the front, is a resourceful, strong woman. And Jamie is an educated, philosophic man with a sense of humor...who is also a warrior in a &quot;Braveheart&quot; kind of way! This is a couple who are truly committed to a life together for better or worse. And Since Claire's first husband Frank will not be born for another 200 years, she is not committing bigamy. And, yes, &quot;Outlander&quot; is a historical novel, covering a tumultuous period in Scotland, England and France when Prince Charles Edward Stuart is attempting to regain the throne. I have also read time travel novels before, and this is like no other. The sheer magnitude of material that Diana Gabaldon covers, from the intrigues of the Scottish clans and the politics of the Jacobites to the everyday life of survival in 18th century Scotland, is extraordinary. Her research is impeccable and she tells a tale like no other. This is the kind of book you will want to read slowly and to savor. Ms. Gabaldon knows how to draw the reader into the story with her deft prose, wonderful humor, unusual characters and awesome adventures. One of the main reasons that I love this book is because Ms. Gabaldon develops her characters, major and minor, so that they become almost real. It is difficult not to form strong attachments to them and to care what happens to them all.I had read &quot;Outlander&quot; when it first came out in the 1991, was entranced by it then and stored it away with my box of &quot;keepers.&quot; I recently had the flu and was looking for a wonderful book to take my mind off of my aches and pains and decided to reread this novel. Once started I had to keep going and am now on the third book in the series. I highly recommend &quot;Outlander.&quot; Oh, and don't be intimidated by the number of pages...once you begin to read, you'll soon wish there were more.JANA
After seeing the movie numerous times I didn't really want to read the book because I thought that it would be almost exactly like the movie. How wrong I was. The book and the movie are similar but different in enough ways to make reading the book a different experience. If you have seen the movie and liked it read the book and you'll wish it had become the movie. I thought it was strange that Jurassic Park 3 used a variation of the pteridactyl part from the original Jurassic Park book. I guess they realized they shouldn't have left it out in the first movie after all. Great book!
After reading Of Mice and Men, The Red Pony, and The Pearl in high school, I was not an admirer of Steinbeck, but when I picked up The Winter of Our Discontent as an adult, I was awed by the author I had once shunned.  Steinbeck's keen sense of character and a mastery of the language carries this novel from first page to last.  The story revolves around Ethan Hawley, a descendent of proud New England stock whose life seems betrayed by circumstances as he struggles to provide for his family.  His wife Mary urges him to be more ambitious, and his restless teenage children exhibit signs of being morally corrupt.  When Ethan decides that his ethics no longer matter in this demanding world, he enters his own compounding crisis.In perfectly rendered language, Steinbeck explores the themes of two Americas - the old Puritanical and morally staid one, and the one where every man fights for himself.  The corruption in New Baytown is rampant.  Issues about privilege and entitlement, family values, skewed priorities, flagging morality, and work ethics simmer underneath.  Steinbeck's depiction of Ethan and Mary's marriage is witty, biting, and affectionate, demonstrating both his humor and his talent for dissecting domestic issues as well as the grander, social ones.A fine novel by a recently underappreciated author, The Winter of Our Discontent is worth every minute spent with it.
I found this to be a useful book.  As a research scientist I have given hundreds of talks to various audiences, in fact I consider this to be an integral part of my profession.  I was therefore not expecting this book to provide very much novel information and I was therefore pleasantly surprised to find that I was wrong.  I learned quite a bit and I hope that the information that I learned will improve my future presentations.  The book is very clearly written, with very good ideas, presented very succinctly and very clearly.  These ideas are presented in terms of numerous examples, which illustrate how they are to be applied and why they work.  I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to improve his or her presentations.What is in this book -This book is divided into five sections, each of which is further divided into numerous 2 or 3 page chapters.  These sections cover:1.  The Art of Telling Your Story - which focuses on how to organize a presentation and how to focus it onto the points that you are trying to get across.  I found numerous examples of how to better focus my presentations.  For instance, how to better plan out a presentation using PowerPoint slides, how to better insure that the message that is received by the audience is the one you want to be sending and how focus the presentation away from yourself and onto what you want the audience to learn.2.  Graphics - which is largely devoted to how best to create and present PowerPoint presentations.  Almost all the presentations that I have given utilize PowerPoint slides and I found this section to be most illuminating.  It goes well beyond the important rule of minimizing the verbiage on each slide.  For instance, sometimes I am forced to use bullet points that consist of more than a few key words.  I never read these slides - rather I let the audience read them while I face them and paraphrase what is on the slide.  This book has shown me that this is a very poor technique as the audience is tasked with both reading something, while listening to something else, and their focus is divided between the slide and myself.  I found out that a better approach would be to face the screen (to focus to audience on it, rather than on me) and then to discuss (not read) each bullet point, one at a time.3.  Delivery Skills - which discusses techniques that allow you to properly project your voice and to establish a clear cadence to your speech.  It also discusses what to do with your hands while you are presenting.4.  How to Handle Tough Questions - why dodging the question is a poor approach as is demeaning the questioner, and why learning to listen to the question is critical.5.  Special Presentations - which covers speaking clearly, panel discussions and IPO presentations.
I borrowed this book from the library several times because I personally found it to be a difficult and frustrating read.  While the information it suggests is very interesting and makes you think twice (or three times or more), I find for me that there is too much speculation.  As well, I found too many contradictions.  Even the author's state how many contracdictions they found which kept them pursuing more "information."  In any case, I can only wonder at the true validity of much of the information.While it does appear to be well researched, I'll be doing more of my own to see where it all leads me.
I've played tennis for years and now play at a fairly high level.  Always looking for the silver bullet to help my game I'm a sucker for any new books with a different angle.  I would rate this book close to the tops of those but it still suffers from a significant issue: how to write a book for all levels of tennis.The basic premise of this book is do what your body tells you and don't overanalyze or over-instruct.  In this respect the book is very good and gives numerous examples including pros on why this works better.  Also, it approaches the basic learning from this thought process.  I would recommend this book highly for beginners as it has very simplistic initial tasks to help the beginner and they sound quite helpful.Therefore I recommend this book but don't believe it to be the silver bullet that will make you a star.
This book cannot but be considered one of the greatest works of American literature.  Its plot is simple, almost literally pedestrian, but it magically conveys the feelings not just of its characters, but of an entire social movement and era.The device of alternating chapters between the tale of the Joad family and descriptive narratives of the society around them only strengthens things.  This is no academic, dusty view of history; this is reality, as people lived and thought and experienced.The human attachment to the soil, the desire for home and community, the struggle for social justice, the tyranny of property, the myth of the Promised Land, the hope and dreams of a new life - there is something here on every level, the social, the spiritual, and the emotional.The beginning of the novel is a bit slow, but it slowly picks up momentum as it travels west.  By its end, one cannot but be riveted by the Joads and the struggles they endure.  And one can feel the grapes of wrath building, the knowledge that some way, somehow, the human will to survive can never be defeated.But, despite its clear social messages, this is not a political tract.  The novel's ending takes one of the most intimate of human actions into a bare, stark necessity.  Eroticism, motherhood, generosity, desperation - what is it?  We cannot tell for sure, but we know only that it is human.  The most horrific of our trials only serve to bring out our humanity.  A haunting and unforgettable message.
Lewis' portrayal of people on Wall Street was spot-on. Even though the time portrayed in the book was the 1980s, traders are still the same. If you want an entertaining but accurate look at how investment banks actually work, this is your book.I've gone back to this book repeatedly over the years. It still has the power to entertain.
One of. Grishms best.  Taught- fabulous story line.  Kept guessing till the end.  Brothers have their secrets and how we weaves the story line is taunting and fabulous.
THIS BOOK WAS AN AMAZING EXPERIENCE FOR ME AND MY PEERS WE ENJOY IT TILL THE END. I RECOMMEND THIS BOOK TO ANYONE BUT SMALL CHILDREN.
ANYWHERE: HOW GLOBAL CONNECTIVITY IS REVOLUTIONIZING THE WAY WE DO BUSINESS provides important business keys to a new era where all people and things are connected at all times. In the Anywhere economy, location will be much less important than global branding - and ANYWHERE discusses how this might be achieved, and the opportunities and challenges of global connectivity. Any business library needs this.
It is a strange book the one Italian writer Alessandro Baricco has produced with "Silk". He claims this is neither a novella, nor a short story -- it is just an account. And as an account it works pretty well. It is a love story -- as simple as that. What may lead readers to thing the author is either a genius or a charlatan depends on how much one expect from a narrative to tell you."Silk" is a very matter-of-fact book. It is a novel in which consequences are more important than the facts themselves. Baricco style is to expose the story, instead of analyzing or `psychology-zing' his characters and the events. It is a book which exposes and doesn't judge. The analyzes is totally left to the reader.That can be either very genial or frustrating depending on how much you expect the reader to tell and show you. "Silk" certainly isn't for those who expected a novel with every dialogue spoken line by line. Baricco even avoids reported speech. In his words are not what were said, but how what was said unfolds in the narrative.Chapters are no longer than two pages. Yet still they work perfectly for Baricco's purpose. His aim is to create an atmosphere that blends both sensuality and dream. His characters are minimalists, but nevertheless complete as human beings in a narrative.Not many writers are as talented as Baricco to tell so much with so few words. Most of them need zillion words, hundreds of pages and aren't as successful. "Silk" is an interesting story that captivates and takes more time to be digested than read.
I started my intro with Bret Easton Ellis around the wrong way. Beginning with Luna Park, I found BEE's work incredible at the start, only to be let down by a plot that sort of died in the wayside, and hung around long enough to rot. Following it up with American Psycho was my next mistake. So when I finally got around to Less Than Zero, it was fair to say my expectations of the novel were pretty much as it's title suggested. Boy was I wrong. Every critic who called BEE the voice of his generation, every critic who held him as the Kerouac of his day, were by and large referring to this book. From the first two pages, I was hooked. The kind of novel where you never know what'll happen next, and you're never willing to slow your reading. Incredible character development, a pace of plot that beats like the thump of some underground rave, and a language that somehow came across as poetic, in it's ability to capture the essence of a city. If you only read one Bret Easton Ellis novel you're entire life, this is it. This is the one.
This book is the first of his writings and the easiest to read. As a sociologist, I estimate it as one of premier field works, while at the same  time it is the intellectual and stimulative reading, which cultural  relativism criticizes the Western rationalism. The story of the  anthropological research begins at &quot;The End of The Travel&quot; and  closes at &quot;The Beginning of The New Trip.&quot; It suggests which  culture seems home to him. If once you experience the field work of the  different culture, this feeling will be easily sympathized. This  composition implies this touch. I remember words of witches at MacBeth:  &quot;The beauty becomes the dirty, while the dirty turns out the  beauty.&quot;Not only the students of the anthropology and sociology,  but also the general educated people will enjoy the thought of this book.
Without a doubt the most sublime of all manners books are the classic What Do You Say, Dear?  and What Do you Do, Dear? by Sesyle Joslin with sly and witty illustrations by Maurice Sendak. No matter how improbable or bizarre the circumstances, good manners should always prevail.  Kids today do not hear this book as often as they do franchise character manner books.  This should be mandatory reading for all children. It is too much fun to miss.
This book was good for me.  It helped my on my way Chief Techology Officer.  It really helped to get my priorities straight.  I read this book three times to really understand it.  Cutting Costs and Boosting Innovation.  That really help me to get it straight.
This was a my first time to read anything by this author. This was a great read.  I couldn't put it down.  Full of action.  I look forward to reading more books by Richard Herman...
This book provides excellent intuition into the fourier transform, discrete fourier transform, and fast fourier transform.  There are no others that provide the depth of intuition.If a reader should find it difficult, then he/she should be satisfied that the struggle is worth it and will lead to an exceptional understanding of the subject matter.  All complaints are unjustified (though it might be nice if Brigham treated the Z transform as well).
This is not one of her best books, but it is still very good reading, and the end is unusual.
While I agree with the other reviewers that the question is well posed, but I just could not help wonder why the author had discounted "electric car" (not hybrid) but "electric cars" that consumers can charge just like their cell phones? Would that not help decrease our dependence on oil ?
This is a fantastic, very detailed and rather objective biography of the boy genius of the theatre world. 600 pages about Welles for only the first 26 years of his life is a lot, but definitly worth all the details.The author basically tells Orson's early life around the plays he directed and that were his life at the time. It is amazing to me how a 14 year old kid was able to succesfully direct Shakespeare plays and even write a book on how to understand Shakerpeare's work.The book gives great details on every single play he directed, radio shows he produced, the making of citizen Kane and on a broader scale gives a great insight on what broadway was like during the 30s. The account of the war of the world radio broadcast that terrorised the northern US on halloween night 1938 will make you relive the moment as if you were there.I highly recommend this biography to any fan of Orson Welles or anyone who is interested in the history of broadway or the theatre in general.
Game Feel, an introduction to the interaction of the player with world of a video game, is an excellent primer on this much neglected subject in video game design. The way in which a player interacts with the virtual world of a video game is, perhaps, the most important factor in determining whether the player will invest any time in the game at all. If the player finds the controls either frustrating or too simplistic, or if either the actions of the player's avatar lack polish or seem inconsistent, or if the ratio of reward to effort is unbalanced the player will most likely just walk away from the game. Game Feel helps the reader make a start toward keeping these things from happening in your own video game. The author accomplishes this by first setting forth the basic tenets of: input (the range of possible movements of the player), response (the range of possible reactions of the computer to player input), context (essentially the world in which actions occur thus giving them meaning), polish (the finishing touches that bring the avatar and the world to life), metaphor (whether the game is realistic, abstract, or iconic) and finally, rules (which determine what the player has to do in the world). Next, the author presents case studies of several games, including Bionic Commando, Asteroids, and Super Mario 64. I felt that these case studies really put the previous tenets into sharp relief. Overall, I feel I have come away from this book with a better understanding of how to think about video game design. I highly recommend this book to anyone who would like to make a video game whether a hobbyist like me or a professional game designer.
This book was reccomended to me by a schoolteacher, about a year ago. It is permenantly etched in my memory. It is a rather long book, but it only took me a few days to read it all. There are some books you read only to see what happens at the end. It was not so with this one. I wanted to soak up every word . . . to obsorb every detail. It made me laugh, sigh, and cry.
Jack London I only discovered over the past five years, which by all relative standards is very strange, since I studied creative writing in college, and was an avid reader of the classics as a youth. I despised the classics as a youth, :), but now appreciate most of them during my formative years of understanding literature and the novel.'Call of the Wild' certainly ingnited my senses to the prose power of London, and it was by an odd encounter and chance that a distant friend handed it to me in passing, that I discovered the magic talent of London and his epic sea story of 'The Sea Wolf.'Arguably, "Wolf Larsen" is one of the greatest characters in literature. He is vibrant, total, fitting for the role in which he is written; belivable, enigmatic and actually quite charming in that raw sense of hostility.However even though Wolf slowly descends into the abyss of madness, he has the mental capacity to be childlike and endearing. In this passage in particular...{"Wolf Larsen underwent another bad attack of headache which lasted two days. He must have suffered severely, for he called me in, and obeyed my commands like a sick child...at my suggestion, however, he gave up smoking and drinking; though why such a magnificent animal as he should have headaches at all puzzles me."}...we see an almost patent adolescence in Wolf, and London paints the potrait of the ironclad rascle, as human, with emotions and tenderness that even in the rank hollowness of declamation and ruthlessness, we can see a yearning for sympathy.That is magical.This is one to give to grandkids, your own kids, or to share with others. It holds a special place in my heart this book, and on my shelf next to "Master and Commander."Thank you.
I love R.K. Narayan's books because of the simple but fascinating stories. His language skills were phenomenal allowing him to hold his audience spell bound. This book is no different.
Used for a university course, this book is surprisingly quick to read and highly compelling.  Greek myth is discussed and explained in vivid detail, while exploring beyond the confines of Greek myth, and looking to the origins of certain characters, comparisons in Egyptian, Sumerian, and Babylonian myth, as well as the potential origins of characters based upon their names, and the relations with the particular pronounciation with an Indo-European and proto-Indo-European language equivalent.  The Zeus figure is shown to be a shared archetype in the mythologies of peoples as far north as the Sarmatians and as far east as the Indians.In sections, the text tells the stories of the myth told by certain playwrights, authors, and poets, along with providing fragments, or full texts of the plays and works in question at the end of the sections/chapters regarding them.  You basically don't need to even read the works themselves, but they're there in fully readable translations.Of my complaints, I have two, neither of them particularly important.For one, the index is poorly done.  It's incredibly difficult to find specific things in this 1000+ page book based off of the index alone.For two, the pronounciations.  I shouldn't expect a strict adherence to Graeco-Roman style pronunciation (Ah-rays for "Ares", He-fai-stoos for "Hephaestus"), but the pronounciations given are atrociously wrong, even with regards to Anglicized pronounciations.  Hippolytus, for example, is given to pronounce as "Hip-PAHL-ih-tus", which is a needless struggle for the tongue compared to "Hip-poh-lai-tus", which is also much closer to the true pronounciation.Others include "dee-ya-nye-ra" for Deianeira, "uh-thee-nuh" for Athene (which is spelled in every instance as "Athene" and not "Athena"), and then suddenly putting the pronounciation for Uranus as "OOR-a-nuhs" which IS the right pronounciation in Latin/Greek.  Obviously they weren't looking to have the pronouncation stretch out "Yur-ay-nus"
As a backpacker/long-distance hiker, I normally stay on terra firma, but I have enjoyed going kayaking a few times. In fact I have previously told myself that if I weren't so involved with hiking, I would probably kayak on a regular basis. At least that what I thought until I read "More Deep Trouble." Now I am much more aware of how seriously sea kayakers should take their sport. Sea kayaking may have tremendous rewards--the joy of being at sea and the fitness it affords, but it also has challenges and risks. It is not something to be undertaken frivolously."More Deep Trouble" is a collection of 29 true stories compiled by Christopher Cunningham, the editor of "Sea Kayaker." The compelling stories--each with its own disaster or near disaster, demonstrate how important caution and planning are to sea kayakers. From novices who don't have tidal charts or maps to experienced kayakers who have become too complacent and don't wear adequate clothing for water temperatures--we see it all. It's actually a gift that those who have gotten into trouble on the water are willing to share their mishaps because we can learn from their experiences. It is all to easy to think we have mastered a sport, when in reality we have just been lucky enough to not have encountered the worst that nature can throw at us.After each story, Cunningham or one of the kayakers, writes another installment of "Lessons Learned". Here we learn how to reduce the chance of calamity at sea by such measures as checking weather reports, having an adequate float plan, carrying working batteries, and having safety equipment in accessible places. Many of the stories involve kayaks capsizing--and the kayakers' inability to self-rescue. Cunningham warns that knowing how to right and to re-enter a kayak in calm water near the shore is not enough if you may be going into rougher conditions. As you'll read in the book, in many cases the kayakers didn't anticipate going into less-protected sea conditions, but the current or wind changed and they found themselves far offshore. Ongoing training and practice in self-rescue and assisted-rescue should be part of any serious kayaker's preparations.I was very excited about the opportunity to receive and review "More Deep Trouble" because of the promised adventure stories. You will not be disappointed--there is plenty of excitement. Yet it is more, it is a thoughtful compilation of stories and its advice may well save a few lives. Highly recommended.
In 1954, the Nobel Prize for Literature was awarded to one Ernest Hemingway; his successor the year following was a considerably lesser known Icelander named Halldor Laxness. Yet Papa Hemingway would no doubt have felt both admiration and kinship with Laxness's stubbornly comical, almost tragic hero Gudbjartur Jonsson, in INDEPENDENT PEOPLE. Bjartur, as he is called, is undoubtedly one of literature's great single-minded characters, a Don Quixote of Iceland's punishing sheep country, a Candide devoted to the seemingly simple concept of personal independence. Unlike Sartre's spineless seeker of freedom, Matthieu Delarue (THE AGE OF REASON), however, Bjartur has both guiding principles and a backbone, although probably too much of both.The plot lines are surprisingly minimal for a book of nearly 500 dense pages. After eighteen years of working as a sheep-herder for the local (and wealthy) Bailiff, Bjartur scrapes up enough money to purchase a scrabbly piece of boggy land and a few sheep from his former employer. The land is rumored to be cursed, but Bjartur disdains these superstitions and resolutely forges ahead, optimistically naming his homestead Summerhouses. Refusing to assume debt or even ask for help in order to preserve his cherished independence, Bjartur of Summerhouses builds a sod house (the sheep live downstairs, the humans upstairs), slowly expands his flock through birthing, and marries a woman (Rosa) who dies alone in childbirth; Bjartur is out in a violent snowstorm searching for a sheep that he doesn't know his dead wife had cooked and eaten. The infant (named Asta Sollilja - Beloved Sun-Lily) only survives thanks to the body warmth of Bjartur's dog. Later, Bjartur marries again and fathers three boys (Helgi, Gvendur, and Nonni), as well as several stillborn children. His second wife dies, but Bjartur and his children eke out an existence that suddenly improves with the increase in price in Icelandic wool during World War I. Of course, this newfound wealth brings its own set of curses, luring Bjartur and his farming colleagues into building new, more modern houses. The intrusion of worldly affairs into Summerhouses also threatens the solidarity of Bjartur's family and results in breakup and tragedy, but also in a certain degree of good fortune. By the end of the story, Bjartur and his much-reduced family and flock are forced to set out for new land even further into the rugged north, recalling nothing so much as the ending of Mary Shelley's FRANKENSTEIN.Plot and story is not really what INDEPENDENT PEOPLE is about. Laxness has penned a great satire of Icelandic mores and customs, turning Bjartur into the sort of close-minded, impossibly stubborn farmer who, the more he strives for independence, the greater and tighter are the shackles that bind him. Bjartur is surrounded by a colorful group of supporting characters, from the  equally stubborn Asta and romantic Nonni to the other sheep farmers, the odd and slovenly Bailiff Jon, the politically ambitious Ingolfur Arnarson Jonsson (the Bailiff's son), the old grandmother Hallbera, and perhaps best of all, the Bailiff's wife, the Mistress of Rauthsmyri. The Madam Myri is a satirical triumph, an incessant worshipper of the noble peasants and their lifestyle while she lives in magnificent comfort and even complains of the burdens and unhappiness of being rich.Nearly everything is the subject of satire in INDEPENDENT PEOPLE. World War I becomes an insane exercise to kill ten million people over some guy named Ferdinand. The economics of socialization (rural cooperatives) versus capitalism (the merchants) becomes nothing more than the replacement of one set of heartless thieves bleeding the farmers with another set, both sets caring only about money and little about the farmers' lives. Modernization in the form of roads and bridges become just another way to help the rich get richer and to distract the young with dreams of the big cities and foreign lands. Even America is satirized as the distant land of impossible dreams, so that the word America becomes a pejorative for the young who leave their families to discover their own America. Of all these symbols, however, America appears to be the one with a positive side - youngest son Nonni leaves for America because he has been prophesied to be a great singer, one who will sing a song for the whole world to hear. We see little of Nonni after he leaves Summerhouses, but we can guess that he perhaps represents Laxness himself.INDEPENDENT PEOPLE is rich in its sense of place, drawing unforgettable pictures of the northern Icelandic sheep-farming countryside. Laxness's depictions of Nature are captivating, and his tales of struggle against the elements make the reader feel a part of the fight for existence. One scene, in which Bjartur nearly dies attempting to capture an elk during a snowstorm, is truly memorable. For all that, however, Laxness writes in a style that many readers will find slow and dense, reminiscent of authors like Thomas Hardy, George Elliot, or Charles Dickens. First published in 1945, this book shows its old-world, European novel roots. Nevertheless, patient readers will be amply rewarded; those expecting Grisham-style pacing will doubtless be unwilling to persevere. I highly recommend this book to anyone who loves classical literature, looks for novels with a serious message and point of view, or simply wants to meet and savor a memorable story with classical pacing and an unforgettable cast of magnificently-drawn characters.
What a magnificent book. Christopher Boone is an autistic 15-year-old who finds a neighbour's dog has been killed in her garden. He sets out to solve the crime. Mark Haddon does an outstanding job of putting us into the mind of a savant with severe learning and social disabilities.Anybody who has known someone with Asperger's Syndrome, Non-verbal learning disability, ADHD, autism or any of that large spectrum of illnesses will instantly recognize Christopher's voice. He's a young man who, to calm himself down, solves complex equations in his head but who, if he sees three yellow cars in a row on his way to school, knows the day is going to be a black one. Mark Haddon's skill is that Christopher's view of the world makes perfect sense. Who is to say which of us is the more mentally challenged, Christopher or the reader?I found the book a terrific eye-opener into the world of autism. I loved it.According to the fly-leaf Mark Haddon teaches creative writing. I wish I lived close enough to be one of his students.
This is a great book that I loved many years ago and was happy to find available for my kindle.
The Horse and His Boy may be my favorite book in the Chronicles of Narnia. I love everything about it. The main characters are interesting, and their adventures to Narnia are exciting. It takes place during the time that the Pevensies ruled Narnia as Kings and Queens. What is different about this one is that it actually starts in the world of Narnia (although actually takes place outside of Narnia). There is not any children going through a wardrobe or using a ring to get there.I remember loving this book as a kid because of the talking horses. What little girl would not love a story with talking horses in it? This book follows the adventures of the boy, Shasta, and the talking horse, Bree, as they make their way to Narnia. Along the way, they meet a girl, Aravis, and another talking horse named Hwin. I really liked Aravis because she is a strong girl character. She may very well be the strongest girl character of the whole series. Of course, there is a great deal of Christian allegory, which I think is great for the kids.I definitely recommend reading this book and the other books in the Chronicles of Narnia. It is a fun read that I think most people will enjoy.
In my opinion he still didn't surpass &#34;Without Feathers&#34; which I think is his funniest book.But Woody is Woody so it's still a good, entertaining reading experience.
There are some things in life that you hold close to your heart and love.  This book is one of those things.
I've reviewed a number of books on Vikings and their times and regard Else Roesdahl's as one of the best.  It is both comprehensive and, although reasonably academic with references to abundant archaeologic, skaldic and historic information, it is also readable.This book gives us important insights into the extend of Viking wanderings, adventures, conquests and land settlement and even gives us information as to why it all ended.  Christianization, power consolidation in the various Scandinavian Kingdoms, improved defenses of various foes and just pure luck ended it all.  Roesdahl gives 1066 A.D. as the most important terminal date in Viking history and surely she's correct.  The defeat of the Norwegian Varangian king, Haraold Hardrada, by the English Saxon Harold on this date was surely deadening to 'Viking' ambitions.Like the famous Lee's battle plan rolled around 3 cigars discovered by a Yankee sergeant immediately before the battle of Antietam, it is fascinating to speculate on the turn of Weird--Fate.  Harold Hardrada was defeated and killed by Harold the Saxon at Stamford Bridge.  A scant three days later, Harold the Saxon was defeated and killed by William the Bastard of Normandy at Hastings.  Had the winds been a little different and had William the Bastard landed at Hastings before Harold Hardrada landed in the north of England.....We could very well be living in a different world.  England might have become an essentially Scandinavian nation.  As it was, England and the British Isles fell under the Latinized influence of the Dano-Normans.  Still, I think, the Viking impulse would have faded either way.  If Harold Hardrada had conquered England and Scandinavia his centralized power would have discouraged truly Viking enterprises.Perhaps Roesdahl should have emphasized a little more pointedly that 'Viking' wasn't synonymous with Scandinavians of the age.  Probably few Scandinavians were actual world-shakers and Vikings and, almost certainly, there were non Scandinavians--Germans, English, Frisians, Irish--who certainly were Vikings.  One of these--a German--was involved in the discovery of North America.  To go so far, a man had to be a Viking.
This is really three books in one, written by different authors, and all covering the past century and IBMs contributions to that century. If you're not interested in reading about IBM, I don't recommend picking up this book, since it's very focused on the company, its history, and the contributions it made to the world of technology over the past 100 years. Most interestingly, it follows the century in technology, but focuses on the reliance of people to drive technology and utilize it to its best. It's not about tech for the sake of tech.The first book - Pioneering the Science of Information - follows the development of computing, with a particular focus to IBM's contributions. It's a very interesting history of computing throughout the major systems of a computer, and not technical. It's a fascinating study on how far we've come in the last 100 years.The second book - Reinventing the Modern Corporation - focuses on the development of the corporation, and the contributions to the process by IBM. Focusing on culture development, globalization, and creating value, this part was an excellent history lesson. I didn't find it prescriptive in any way, but it did tell a good story that other organizations should think about.The third and final book - Making the World Work Better - goes through how ideas, mostly started at IBM, have changed the world in a positive way. This is the most pro-IBM section, but not overbearingly so.
I love her books! They are so enthralling.  You are just pulled in...even if you just read the synopsis. This was a great story, I felt like I actually learned something from it.
This is one of the most fascinating technical books I've read in some time. This book teaches something you want to know about, if you are a web programmer. Your education is not complete without it. You can definitely handle this, too. Discover why RAD on Mozilla is cool.Nigel McFarlane's book offers an introduction to the vast of the capabilities of the Mozilla browser. Want to build an application? Download and install a copy of Mozilla (it's free), get this book, and start exploring Mozilla's vastly sophisticated application development framework. You don't need deep expertise in Mozilla internals to get applications started. I am working on a project for a client that will emphasize graphics. This book is helping me get started with it, even though I have no deep knowledge of Mozilla's workings. I'm now dabbling with XML User Interface Language (XUL), XML Binding Language (XBL), and Resource Description Framework (RDF), thanks to this book. I'm also getting indirect exposure to Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG), MathML, and Chemistry Markup Language (CML), as an unexpected side benefit. The Mozilla.org developers have implemented to some degree these interesting and deeply complex XML-related standards.The book is easy to read. McFarlane is able to take extremely complex material and explain it in a way most people will understand. Go ahead, read the first few of Chapters 1 and 15: they will draw your interest and bring you into the next paragraph and the next. You can pick up this book, read the introductory material, and go right into Mozilla and start working. You will understand what McFarlane is talking about. The writing format should sustain your interest in experimenting and learning more and then going on to do your own applications.I personally appreciate the choice of font, line spacing and font size. It seems easier on bifocal equipped older folks such as me. Each chapter begins with interesting diagrams referred to as &quot;Not Perfectly Accurate (NPA) diagrams&quot;. They help you see how the chapter topic fits in to the application class object framework being discussed. There are all the things you come to expect of a good tech book: numerous screenshots, well-laid out tables, plenty of source code to dabble with. The publisher has done an excellent job of laying out and producing the book. There are very few typos compared to those littering many other technical books.This book is going to give programmers using the Mozilla platform for applications a competitive edge. Mozilla, today, is available in many forms and is widely deployed. AOL deploys Mozilla in those stupid tin CD cans, and that gives Mozilla enormous critical mass. You can download Mozilla Firebird and Mozilla Thunderbird right now if you would like lighter-weight browser or email clients, respectively. Mozilla is catching on, and it is getting better every day. I highly recommend that you buy and read this book and then do some apps with Mozilla.McFarlane suggests you visit his web site [...] , and it doesn't exist. Some readers might buy a book on the strength of the topic, the book examples, and the author's promise of downloadable source code. It can be disappointing not to see the promised web site and source code. But don't worry, the publisher offers downloadable source code through [...] My other concern is that I wish this book were physically a bit larger in size. I like 8.5 inch X 11 inch page formats for books with a lot of screen shots and tabular data.An overall must-have book.
Ah!  An Oprah book that doesn't take the reader to the deep dark depths of doom, despair, and depression!This is the story of a woman's self-discovery after her husband of twelve years leaves her.  Her evolution as a woman makes this ride worthwhile.
I was looking for a decent novel to start off my summer leisure reading and I found it in this book. I found the characters to be vivid and believable and the plot was excellent with a thread of tension that starts in the first chapter and runs through the entire story.The main character, Luke, is a seven year old boy who has many attributes of children in that age range. But he is also an independent little soul who becomes overwhelmed at times with the secrets and events he witnesses.The vulnerability of Luke and his family, who are simple farmers thrust into a world of murder and devious people, will keep you reading.Grab a lawn chair and an iced tea and settle in for a good story!
Michael Brock had grand ideals of serving humanity when he entered law school.  When he graduated and joined a leadinng Washington, D.C., law firm, the realities set in.  Success was measured by billable hours, and the competition to be one of the few who advanced to partner was intense.  Practicing trust law meant few contacts with actual people except other attorneys.  The practice of law was an jealous mistress.  There was little time for anything else, and the divorce rate was high.Invasion of the law offices by a homeless man with a gun, and the taking of hostages, redirects Brock's life.  He discovers a law clinic for the impoverished, and gets a first had view of street people, shelters, and soup kitchens.  Someone he tries to befriend meets a tragic death.The novel is well researched and well written, and gives a good picture of the downside of modern society.  There are people at the top who live well, and people at the bottom who are starving.  They don't have bread?  Let them eat cake.  For some people, the lower classes are invisible, but they do have legal rights.
This summer I am determined to read as much PG Wodehouse as possible before the fall and work begins. I feel if I have lots of fun, laughs and smile often it will carry me thru the winter. In the Little Nugget, you will meet a very bad - horrid child that is the object of some typical Wodehouse farce prone kidnappers.  Now kidnapping is not funny, normally, but when its a child like this one - well you get the point - this is a delightful wacky, witty, novel. I had a laugh on each page, loved every minute of it - and I can tell you after reading Wodehouse, it really does make the world easier to live in! Give yourself a break and read Wodehouse!
I absolutely adore this book.  It is the best love story I have ever read.  I'm clearly not one for the fairytale romance or the high school sweethearts.  This is real love - raw, passionate, intertwines-your-soles kind of love.  It's not always perfect, and sometimes it hurts.  This is a book that I will be reading over and over again for the rest of my life.
Of all the books people have given me to read over the years, this one is tops. In turn I've probably given away about eight copies to other people.There is no sense in spoiling or dissecting this masterpiece here.  If you've read it already, I suspect you agree with me, and if you haven't, I'll let you go in with fresh eyes.
This book can "turn on the lightbulb" for all types about what the Efficient Frontier really means!  This is the best investment book I have read that attempts to focus the individual on risk -  the most important facet of investing.
This book is part of my massge therapy curriculum and has been my best tool yet.If there's something I am not getting from the lecture or something I want some more detail on, this book has got it and has got all the juice on it.I feel this book would be a valiable reference for anyone in the medical feild.
I was pulled into this story almost immediately.  I wasn't very informed on the situation in Africa during this time and feel now that I am more informed.  The story was well written.
This book covers modern views of both normal and abnormal personality. I did'nt give it 5 stars because I prefer a more developmental approach using more concrete examples and less category interpretation since I believe it is targeted for a popular audience.
To me, White Noise is the kind of book that's a lot easier to admire than to truly "like," if that makes any sense. The story of Jack Gladney, professor of Hitler studies at a school only known as College-on-the-Hill, White Noise is a book filled with existential angst, terror of death, worries about the future, and a constant awareness of how we increasingly distance ourselves from the realities of the world through technology, unreality, and consumer goods. In other words, it's the kind of book that you'll either respond to or find insufferably pretentious; as an English major, I tend toward the former, although I wouldn't truly fight with anyone who felt the latter to be the case. DeLillo is a gifted prose stylist, and his writing is always sharp, with a satirical undercurrent that's hard to pin down, although it shows through occasionally (my favorite section: a disaster simulation team that uses a real disaster as training for their simulations, but frequently complain that the real disaster isn't measuring up to their standards). Beyond that, though, there's barely a plot to speak of in White Noise; there's a toxic cloud, a drug that relieves the user of the fear of death, and an infidelity that lingers on, but all of that feels perfunctory at best, an afterthought at worst. Rather, White Noise is about the insanity of academia and the feeling that we're wasting our lives with the ephemera that we think is important. As such, it's a book that has a lot to say, and says it well; at the same time, it almost defies you to enjoy it on any conventional level, instead luxuriating in long monologues, descriptive passages, and aimless dread and angst. For me, it's a complex, rich novel that addresses so much in its short length that it's almost dizzying, and yet I don't find myself loving it the way I do so many other "literary" works of that type. Nonetheless, it's a remarkable achievement in many ways, and an "important" book, for whatever that somewhat meaningless distinction is worth.
Very much in the English style - reminiscent of Austen, Christie, Greene... very much an insular story that allows you to fall into a world that possibly no longer exists. Loved it.
as the manager of a middle sized distributor we found this book deals with  the stalls in negotiating, and can teach us all useful methods. if stalls  are what you need to solve, THE 2000 PERCENT SOLUTION,WHICH IS JUST OUT IS  THE NEW BIBLE ON HOW TO SOLVE STALLS. SHOULD BE REQUIRED READING
Mike Moran may be an Internet marketing genius (or not, I do not feel qualified to make the evaluation), but he has got to leave the continual punning and attempts at humorous asides to others. They are irritating, and they slow down getting the key lessons from the book.I do not read marketing books because I am looking for the author to show me a real good time. If I were, Moran would not succeed. He may be winsome as all-get-out when delivering this shtick in corporate seminars, but he should save the stand-up comedy for an audience that appreciates it.On the plus side, it is useful to get a distillation of marketing wisdom and examples.
The 2007-08 edition of LOWER YOUR TAXES-BIG TIME! Has been named one of the best tax guides for small businesses, so any library catering to small business owners seeking only a few select guides must have this reference. It comes from a CPA and former IRS attorney, has been updated to include the latest tax laws and changes, and covers everything from travel and home business expenses to taking advantage of fringe benefits and 'IRS bulletproofing' them to survive any auditor's eye. From income shifting and car expenses to considering the best corporate structure for a business, LOWER YOUR TAXES-BIG TIME is easy to understand and structured to take full, legal advantage of deductions often missed by small business owners.
This book was unusual in many areas, but on the whole well written and kept my interest up at least.  Being of Scotch origin some of it was probably of special interest to me even if it is not historically completely true.  I would recommend it for anyone that likes light reading in their novels.
William J. O'Neal reveals the secrets of the CANSLIM formula that has allowed the IBD 100 to outperform the S&P 500 year after year. Mr. O'Neal makes it clear - if you want to really make money in the stock market, you can - but it's going to take work. There is no get-rich-quick system: Mastering the markets requires intelligence and dedication. I fully believe in the CANSLIM principles and I am an Investor's Business Daily subscriber. IBD and this book have made me a lot of money. But on the downside (preventing a perfect 5-star rating), this book is rather dry. I had to read most sections several times to fully absorb the information, but it was worth it!
The premise of the book is just beautiful: the children born around midnight on the night that India gains independence from Great Britain all have special powers.  One boy can jump through time at will.  Another can change sex.  The narrator can peer into others' thoughts, or at other times (surrounding an interesting plot device) can smell trouble through a remarkably sensitive nose.The book's style is addictive.  The narrator liberally jumps into and out of his own story; he's reading it to his lover (Padma, a reference to Rushdie's own companion) as he rushes to tell the story before he disintegrates into 600 million pieces, as he foresees happening shortly.Since the entire basis of the story are these magical children, the book is necessarily part fantasy.  (I've heard it compared to Garcia Marquez's ``magical realism&quot;, but I wouldn't know.)  As a result, Rushdie can take frequent flights of fancy into events that wouldn't make sense anywhere outside of Midnight's Children.  But it's all totally believable, because these children are all magical in their own way.Midnight's Children is Rushdie's way of describing India as he sees it.  To him, the nation is part fantasy, part reality, part horror story.  Some of the horrific events in India's postcolonial past come off sounding unbelievable, which is why they fit into the fantasy-fiction construct so well.  One wonders throughout, ``Is this real, or is this India?&quot;  In this way, Rushdie's postmodern flights of fancy aren't just stylistic wankery; they serve a meaningful purpose in the plot.This is certainly one of the most beautiful books I've ever read.  I went immediately from Midnight's Children into One Day In The Life Of Ivan Denisovich by Alexandr Solzhenitsyn, which is something like moving from six years of filet mignon into a day of cold gruel.  Nothing's wrong with Ivan Denisovich, but the stylistic differences are mighty.  I can only recommend that you read them sequentially; you'll see what I mean.
This is one of my all-time favorite books.  It is seemingly a simple story, but with amazing depth marked by terrific prose.  I'll never forget reading this as a younger man and its warmth has stayed with me.
The Diamond in the Window is the story of Eddy and Eleanor Hall, who live in a fantastic house in historic Concord, Massachusetts. I particularly enjoyed these books as a kid because I grew up in Lexington, right next door to Concord, and it was easy for me to picture the Hall's house and neighborhood. Langton's children's books also have just the right touch of magic, mixed in with real-life, to make a real-life kid feel like anything is possible.Things are tough for Eddy and Eleanor. Their Uncle Freddy is perpetually confused, and their Aunt Lily is overworked, struggling to pay back taxes on their house so that they don't lose it. And then a wonderful thing happens. Eleanor and Eddy discover a hidden staircase that leads to a secret room at the top of their house. The room has toys and books, an elaborate castle built of block, and two small beds. They learn from Aunt Lily that the room belonged to their aunt and uncle, Ned and Nora, who disappeared when they were children. Aunt Lily's fiance, and Uncle Fred's friend, Prince Krishna, also disappeared.Eddy and Eleanor promptly decide to search for the missing Ned, Nora, and Prince Krishna. They uncover a clue-filled poem, and start having fantastic shared dreams (or are they dreams?), in which they uncover secrets from the poem. These dreams are wonderful experiences, overlaid with menacing fright. But slowly, the determined children work through the clues, and the dreams, trying to find their missing aunt and uncle, and uncover a treasure that will save the family home.The Diamond in the Window is filled with excellent adventures: kids turning into toys, and mice, and wandering inside of mazes. Some of the adventures hide larger lessons about loyalty and being true to who you are, but the lessons are rarely overt. The story is also filled with historical references about the Revolutionary War, and Walden and Thoreau, and Louisa May Alcott. Again, not so overt - these things are part of the world that Eddy and Eleanor, and especially Uncle Freddy, live in.I couldn't really say how well this story will hold up for kids who aren't from Lexington and Concord, and who don't fondly remember it from their childhood. But I suspect that that Jane Langton taps into universal themes of mystery, adventure, and fantasy fulfillment that will please anyone. I'm glad that I visited again.This book review was originally published on my blog, Jen Robinson's Book Page, on June 17th, 2006.
Claudia Hampton, dying in a hospital in London, is thinking backover her life. Penelope Lively weaves Claudia's memories with the memories of a daughter and a brotherand friends, and spills the story of Claudia's life onto the page in little snippets and bits to create a storythat is both clever in its structure and beautifully written. Recommended.Favorite Quote: p. 28 "The cast is assembling; the plot thickens. Mother, Gordon,Sylvia. Jasper. Lisa. Mother will drop out before long, retiring gracefully and with minimum fuss after anillness in 1962. Others, as yet unnamed, will come and go. Some more than others; one above all. In lifeas in history the unexpected lies waiting, grinning from around corners."
This book is a great read.  It can and should be read in one sitting (unfortunately I was not able to do this the first time...but I did the second time and it made all the difference!).  Palahnik writes in such an interesting style, it is almost musical.  In each chapter there is a refrain of sorts that is repeated with great effect, almost like the chorus to your favorite song.In the aftermath of the Branch Davidians in Waco, the Rub Ridge disaster, 9/11, and the renewed interest in spirituality, this is a must have.  Notice I did not say a must read; you must read it, but more importantly you must own it, so that you can read it over and over again.The way in which the addictive personality is shown in Survivor is unforgettable, and the attack on simple-minded religion is much-needed.  Read this book and read again and again.  It will enlighten you in different ways each and every time!
The Handmaid's Tale was required reading for me as an incoming freshman at Southwestern University in 1988.  I've read it twenty times since, and every time I find another gem.  Parenthood itself has changed my reading, made my perception of the narrator and her world more complicated and frightening.  Truly a novel that keeps giving, long after the first reading is over.
I always say that I'm not a fan of science fiction because for the most part I'm not. But every now and then a book comes along that bridges the line between one genre and another because the writing is that good or the story is so compelling -- or some combination of the two. THE TIME TRAVELER'S WIFE was just such a book for me. I have to say that it took some time for me to wrap my mind around the concept of time travel as Audrey Niffenegger describes it, but with her skillfull story telling, and given that I kept an open mind, there was a point at which I knew I &quot;got it&quot;.  That point didn't take long to reach and there was no confusion after that.Henry DeTamble is the time traveler. Clare, his wife, is the woman totally committed to him and to the life they share -- no matter what. And there's a lot of &quot;whats&quot; that certainly do matter.  Henry doesn't merely climb into a machine and travel from one historical event to another. He travels through the times and events of his own life, and he visits his past, present, and future interchangeably. It's a heck of a way to have a life, a job, a family, and friends. But Henry manages, and so does Clare. It's the devotion to each other and the chaos Henry's unstable life creates in their lives that make Henry and Clare so memorable.When I began to suspect where this story was headed, I wanted to speed up the reading process because I had to find out what happened. And then as I came to believe I knew how it would all come together, I wanted to slow down the reading process because I was not ready to leave Henry and Clare. For me, that's the sign of an excellent book. When I don't want it to end because I don't want to let go of the characters just yet. I liked this book very much, and I highly recommend it to anyone who would like to read something creative and clever and sad and witty and oh sooooo romantic. You won't be disappointed.
84 Charing Cross Road is a small book of correspondence between Helene Hanff, the author and Frank Doel, a London book seller.  These letters chronicle their lives over a twenty year period from 1949 to 1969.  Though  never meeting, they share a very special friendship, almost a chaste love  affair, that extends to his co-workers and family.  This is a charming and  delightful book about two people you come to care for through their letters  and wish you knew in person.  A must for your home library.  A book you'll  read over and over again and share with friends.
Note: Some immature Mormon has been slamming my reviews because I wrote some negative reviews of books attempting to defend the Book of Mormon.So your "helpful" votes are greatly appreciated. A short review is not necessarily a bad review if it leads you to a great novel. I've just noted the general theme. ThanksA group of adventures with an old map travel to Iceland and find a cave.  They enter the cave and follow a path to the center of the earth, where they find an inner world of strange creatures. Just suspend your belief, and sit back an enjoy this wonderful tale. I experience it first as a movie way back in 1960. Later, I read the novel. Don't miss it.The concept of a hollow earth was not new in Jules Verne's day (mid-1800s). Its most prominent advocate was Capt. John Cleave Symmes, who advanced the theory in about 1818. Symmes was so convincing that in the 1820s he got twenty-five members of the United States Congress to vote to fund an expedition to the North Pole, where they would enter the center of the earth through a 4,000-mile-wide cavity in the earth.It was then believed that the Lost Tribes of Israel lived on the North Pole behind a wall of ice. This theory found its way into the revelations of Joseph Smith, who in the Book of Mormon and later, said that the Lost Tribes would break down the ice and return from the "north countries."Also, check out "At the Earth's Core," by Edgar Rice Burroughs.Land of Terror (Bison Frontiers of Imagination)
In White Noise, DeLillo takes a jab at the modern American family. Although written in 1985, a few years prior to the internet being in every home, White noise is strangely prophetic.The Gladney's go about there daily lives with TV's blaring in the background handing out curious bits of factoids. It would be difficut to call the Gladney's disfunctional, even though the children were products of multiple marriages of both parents. Even though they communicate well with each other they all seem a bit paranoid and therefore a bit off center. Jack Gladney is a professor of Hitler studies at the University and his wife Babbette is a housewife. The Hitler studies is farcical to the point that Jack is encouraged to dress and look like the Fuhrer. After a chemical accident,which forces the family to temporarily flee their home, their lives are forever changed. Babbette, preoccupied with death goes to some bizarre methods to ease her paranoia. Jack, after the toxic spill,  becomes convinced that he has acquired a fatal dosage of insecticide poisoning. He becomes suspicious of his wife and obssessed with the scientist who is experimenting on her. Even the chidren catch on to the paranoia.Darkly funny, White Noise, is a good time and intersting study of modern Americana.
Excellent read if you're interested in autism and its many manifestations.  Well written, some humor, a mystery, and always the boy hero who is brilliant in his own way.
If you liked The Hot Zone, you will love this book. The Hot Zone told the scary story of a variant of Ebola that turned out to be harmless to humans. The Coming Plague narrates the history of little-known but lethal diseases such as Machupo, Ebola, Four-Corners Hantavirus, Lassa Fever, Marburg and others. In each of these cases, the list of victims was relatively small, but the onset and progress of these illnesses were frightful. Garrett examines how "disease cowboys" worked backward to patient zero, followed the course of the illness, discovered its means of transmission and identified each disease. In a few cases, the original vector could not be found, despite a careful search. How even medical professionals react when they find out that they too, have the disease is a fascinating psychological study. Often they go into a state of denial, like the researcher in New York who came down with Lassa after studying some samples. At the other extreme was one doctor, who, fearing he was exposed to Ebola, hit the bottle hoping that alcohol would kill the virus. To his relief it turned out to be measles.A large amount of this book is devoted to AIDS. Garrett details its emergence in the early 80s. She is critical of the government's slow response, which she says was partly due to the insistence of some in the Reagan administration that since it affected only homosexual men it was beneath concern. On the other hand, she suggests that the rampant promiscuity of some members of the gay community didn't help matters either. While there was enough blame to go around, the real heroes were a handful of careful physicians who noted some bizarre symptoms among their gay patients and brought this medical condition to the CDC and the world's attention. While this book presents an excellent history of the emergence of AIDS in both America and Africa, Garrett's information on AIDS is now unfortunately out-of-date.The author presents more chapters on antibiotic-resistant TB, Legionnaire's Disease, the problem with overdosing farm animals with antibiotics and even Toxic Shock Syndrome. At one point, I bogged down with information overload. But during Garrett's chapters on hemorrhagic and other exotic fevers, this book is difficult to put down.
I cannot recommend this book enough! It has become one of my absolute favorites. Having never read an adventure/romance novel,  I was initially intrigued by the beautiful yet colloquial prose and soon after became completely absorbed in the characters and plot. I found myself thinking about the story when I wasn't reading it, and for perhaps the first time in my life, felt that I just couldn't put it down! (This is saying a lot, given the seemingly endless book-lined shelves throughout my house). I struggled between wanting to read on, and feeling saddened by the prospect of the adventure being over.  Needless to say, it did not disappoint and I've already purchased the next book in the series!
Toward the end of this entertaining book Mr. Dennis says that being rich will not make you happy.  On the next page he asks readers to think of him as a rich poet "sitting in one of the most beautiful houses on earth, staring at a turquoise sea, sipping a glass of ...Chateau d'Yquem..."You've found paradise Mr. Dennis and it's all thanks to your accumulation of a ton of $$$$.  The rest of us are promised paradise in the afterlife if we are humble enough but the very rich can get it now.
The book is rich in detail, highly informative and well illustrated. The picture essays throughout the book are great, the ones on the cult of St. Cuthbert and the formation of boroughs I found particularly enjoyable.Part history, part archeology the book tracks down and gives origins and backgrounds of the source materials that the authors use providing some great insight not normally found in other books on the subject. After reading this book, one can't help become an admirer of Bede. Also what I found interesting is that most of the book emphasizes the history of Anglo-Saxons ecclesiastically instead of following the monarchs like most others.My one severe critizism of the book is that there is no mention of the Witanagemot anywhere. Other problems that I had were that the last third of the book was surpisingly a glossy overview of events. Which is ironic since that is the era of Saxon England that has the most detail. And the book can be dry in places.It has been noted that this has been used as a text book and I can see why. But I do not recommend this as the first book to get regarding this subject. The authors expect you to have at least a general knowledge of Anglo-Saxon England, particularly when it comes to its kings. Those familiar with the history will find this an excellent addition to your library. Critizisms aside, this is an admirable work and I'm glad I bought it.
The sense of smell is the most neglected, most protected, of our senses, especially in the developed world. So many of us are so far removed from smell, we ignore, distrust, or fear this sense. Scientists believe that the human sense of smell is every bit as good as that of our best friend, dogs. We just haven't developed it to the degree they have, Luca Turin exempted.Yet the sense of smell is also the most primitive of the senses, and the most evocative. A particular smell can transport me back to a certain time or place more effectively than a song, or an image. Olfaction is wired to a more primitive part of the brain, which may explain its power and its unconscious influence.But smell is also our most amazing sense. The resolving power of our sense of smell is orders of magnitude greater than the eye or the ear; in our noses we have the olfactory equivalent of a telescope AND a microscope (a scanning tunneling microscope, to be exact, if Turin is right). We can dectect the minutest difference between two chemicals, and scientists have shown that we can detect the presence of perhaps a SINGLE molecule among trillions of other particles.And yet, smell is also the least understood of the senses. It has resisted classification and analysis, probably because of our own reluctance and disconnection to it.That's what I loved about this book. It was an eye-opening (nose-opening?) examination of something I give so little thought to. And the more you think about it, the more you read this book, the more amazed you are that you have this thing, and how it works just blows your mind. It also reintroduced me to the pleasures of this sense that I usually neglect.I am not a scientist in any of these fields and therefore am not really competent to evaluate, but Turin's theory smells right to me. While the mechanism is exotic, it seems to me quantum mechanics (Vibration) would be easier to do in the nose than what the Shapists propose. Therefore, according to the scientific principles of parsimony and Occam's razor, Turin's theory deserves careful examination if for no other reason.Sadly, the theme of the tale, as Turin himself understands, is not unique to him. Vested interests and petty jealousy very often impede the process of discovery. Science is still a human endeavor.This book is:1) A fascinating tour of scents and how we experience them2) An scientific discussion of how the sense of smell works3) A profile of a fascinating person4) A tragedy about cruel scientific orthodoxy and intellectual martyrdom. The casuality is not so much Turin as the process of discovery itself.Very highly recommended!
The magistrate, the narrator of WAITING FOR THE BARBARIANS, wants no more than "...a quiet life in quiet times."  Then, Colonel Joll, a policeman from the Third Bureau of the Civil Guard, appears in the magistrate's live-and-let-live town. Joll holds paranoid concerns about nomadic barbarians who, he says, threaten the peace of the Empire. Using emergency powers, Joll begins to arrest and torture ordinary people near the town, using their confessions to verify the barbarian threat. Then Joll and his team leave for the remote capital and the magistrate, who as a jurist sees shame in unjust suffering, tries, in his peculiar way, to right the trauma wrought by Joll and his abominable acts. In doing so, the magistrate becomes an enemy of Joll and his paranoia. His reaction is: "I have set myself in opposition, the bond is broken, I am a free man... what a dangerous joy!"WftB is a terrific novel, albeit harrowing and slightly creepy. The novel is harrowing due to its amazing imagining of torture, which ranges from waterboarding, a mock hanging, and delicate ministrations with a heated fork to degradation, humiliation, and boredom. Torture, which is the dominating presence in this book, appalls but fascinates the magistrate, who learns that he, himself, is not impossibly far from the strange intimacy in some of the torturer's acts. Nonetheless, the magistrate never loses his moral compass, as do most of his neighbors. At one point, he even dares ask the man who has tortured him how, after a day on the job "... it would be possible to return to everyday life--to sit down at table, for instance, and break bread with one's family or one's comrades?"Meanwhile, the magistrate, a sexually active older man, also develops a sexual relationship with a young woman that Joll has tortured. This relationship, which is borderline invasive and creepy, helps to expiate the personal guilt that the magistrate feels for averting his attention during Joll's first gruesome acts. But Coetzee evokes a queasy feeling around this relationship that is not unlike the queasiness in DISGRACE, when Professor David Lurie seduces an overmatched student.This is a great novel that explores acts of brutality, courage, and conscience with amazing and eloquent precision. "There is no consoling grandeur in any of this," laments the magistrate. Highly recommended.
First, the success of this book cannot be achieved without the community efforts for bringing Tcl 8.4 and beyond. Tcl continuous success is without a doubt due to the strong, talented community that has stayed focus and continued to help improve on a already great language.The book covers both Tcl, the language itself  and Tk, the GUI toolkit. Tk success can be seen given that Perl, Python and Ruby have hooks to it.Topics which I enjoy a lot includes tclhttpd, tcl based web server and Startkits, a simple and effective way to package and distribute applications. On top of that it also covers, Metakit, an embeddable database engine which runs on dozens of platforms, including Unix, Windows, and Macintosh.As mention, Tcl success rest with its tight pool of talented contributors and the book (the authors) clearly translate the great stuffs that have been available into something that newcomers can easily picked up and grow with.
Read this book over the weekend. Overall, I thought it was a solid read about the many elements that impact human conversation, and had many insights useful to both personal and professional dialogue. With chapters on navigating around behaviors, Fools Choices and passive-aggressiveness, this content should be required reading for anyone managing others, or even just working as a team within an organization. My only negative was that it felt 'fluffy' thee quarters in; the book probably could have been cut in half while remaining just as informative.
Toogood has a great step-by-step system to help you look, act and sound like a leader.  It&#8217;s especially helpful for those who speak often to groups or work in a corporate environment, but these principles can be applied to anyone working in the business world.  Thanks for the checklists and great tips!
I have wanted Sugarman's book for months.  Just never sprang for it until it was a follow-on to another book I was purchasing.Looks like a great resource as well as insightful.  THANKS!
I'd be shocked if I ever enjoy any of Bellow's books as much as I did Humboldt's Gift, and stacked against Herzog and Seize the Day, I'd say it's my favorite.Citrine is at once enviable, sad, and such a cleverly comical pushover. His career success, wealth (well, at least at the novel's outset), freedom, and intellect are on par with the highest societal levels, and yet he seems to have next to no relationship with his daughters, and for all of his intelligence, he's devoid of common sense in dealing with his friends and saboteurs, easily convinced and easily abused, with a big old selfish and simultaneously generous heart. Crooked, manipulative people like small time Cantabile and sophisticated Thaxter take him on a ride or go along for one, Cantabile with a penchant for querying him on a given topic just to hear him sound off, and Citrine always seems to become convinced of the truth in whatever purported purpose they claim to have for the requests they make of him.The crazy, uncompromising poet Von Humboldt Fleisher was a dear friend of Citrine's, and his fall in life, much more dramatic than Citrine's, as revealed to us by Citrine himself, turns out to include an unexpected wake up call from the grave. Throughout the novel, alive or dead, Humboldt is Citrine's closest friend.I'll read more from Bellow with an open mind, but I don't know that anything else he wrote will surpass Humboldt's Gift for me.
This book was one of my favorite Star Wars books I have read to date (and I have read several).  It was an excellent expansion on the movie, particularly with regard to Anakin.  It gave the story a whole new dimension and made it a great deal more poignant to "feel" Anakin's confusion and torment.  It also gave you a better feeling for how he was manipulated into becoming Darth Vader; in the movie it felt a bit abrupt, and I was left with a "Ok...but I really am not sure I buy that being enough to convert him", but the book made it feel much more fluid and easy to follow the transition.  It felt more like a gradual transition rather than abrupt break.  Kudos to Stover.  It definitely enhance my understanding of the character and the progression of the growth of the Empire.  Worth the read.
I spend a large amount of time searching for books that explain economics in compelling, non-jargony language.  There are distressingly few such good books.  This book by David Henderson, though, is certainly one of these few.The reader need not have ever studied economics to enjoy this book.  And even the reader who holds a PhD in the subject will not only enjoy this book, but will also learn from it -- learn how to communicate better as well gain even deeper insights into the ways markets and politics work.One reason why economics is such an enduring subject is that continued reflection on its principles never stops deepening our understanding of the world.  David Henderson is among the very finest guides to the fascinating subject of economics.  I sincerely hope that all citizens will read this book -- and that all economists will read it twice.
This is one of those books that is life transforming. It is as inspiring and meaningful as the book that motivated my Master's thesis. After dealing with a level of cruelty and ugliness beyond anything I have every experienced and found myself defeated, depressed and lost, this book helped me to wrap my head around the evil that was at the core of my suffering and I was so confused and off set by it that I didn't even know what hit me. This book has empowered and inspired me to take back my life and protect my soul from the forces beyond my control. It's a very powerful book only for those ready for this. Read the intro and decide if it's something you are ready for. Seriously, this is for the advanced practitioner or individual who is ready to face the ugly truth.I have already recommended this book to several friends and clients and have contemplated writing about it myself.
"The Cartoon Guide to Physics", first published in 1990, is one of a series of Cartoon Guides which Larry Gonick has co-authored with scientists in the field of choice; in this case it is with Art Huffman who is in the physics department at UCLA.  Outside of Larry Gonick's excellent "Cartoon History of the Universe" series, this is the best of his books that I have read.There are two sections in the book: `Mechanics', and `Electricity and Magnetism'.  The first section deals with motion, forces, Newton's Laws, Energy, and associated topics.  The second section deals with electricity and electrical fields, and magnets and magnetic fields.  It also touches on relativity and quantum electrodynamics.  They do not cover topics such as String Theory or Chaos Theory, which have become increasingly more publicized since this book was published.This book works well as an introduction to the topic, or as a refresher.  There is not enough substance for this to serve as a text book, nor do they provide a bibliography to assist the reader in finding more in depth books on any of the topics.  However, Gonick does a wonderful job of blending the history of the field with the topics that are covered, and he does so in a way which does not overwhelm the reader.
I've been a fan of Liz Pulliam Weston's Money Talk columns for some time. She writes for CNN and also appears on television from time to time. On the message boards on CNN Money (including one called Your Money), she drops in and offers personal experiences as well as updates on financial information. Based on this, I know she stays well-informed.Many people who ask questions there and at other money sites clearly need the information included in Pulliam's book, Easy Money. Many haven't the slightest idea how to assess investments, plan for retirement, help save for their children's college or even pay off credit card debt. Pulliam offers solid advice and tailors it to the individual.In this book, of course, you will get some more general information but I found it all very rational and down to earth. More importantly, it was the type of basic information that falls into "financial literacy", the kind of economic sense that should be learned before adulthood but so often is not. I particularly liked the variety of savings and investing plans offered by Pulliam because there was an acknowledgment that people aren't all alike and there isn't a "one size fits all" savings plan.THe focus of the book? Taking the pain out of managing and keeping track of key financial papers and information.Some things you should know:1.The author is a fan of online banking and handling many financial matters online. For those who feel insecure about this, think about the fact that a fair amount of identity theft comes from those who steal credit card and other info offline, not on. Whether in retail stores or restaurants, a certain percentage of workers could (and do) hand your info to others. Your risks online aren't high, not if you follow Pulliam's security tips.2. She has solid advice on finding the right financial assistants and others who can fill in your information gaps.3. Her advice isn't flashy or a "get rich quick" scheme but the good, basic information that is likely to provide you with financial security and maximize your returns over the long run.
This book has been a great guide for me & my husband.  My husband was recently diagnosed with Bipolar.  The symptoms he was experiencing weren't the "typical" ones that come to mind when you hear the term bipolar. After reading this book, we have been able to identify several symptoms that indicate where he's headed, as well as triggers.  The symptoms of Bipolar II, NOS, are not as extreme and therefore can go on undetected. This is an excellent resource for those recently diagnosed & have softer bipolar disorder.  Also great for loved ones who want to understand the disorder.
A truly interesting book.  I have to say that it changed my view on the legendary man, and opens my eyes to how power corrupts.  It's a bit long, but I'd recommend this to anyone interested in American politics in the 20th century.
Talk about a super long title that clearly states what a book is about! When you pick up "Why Employees Don't Do What They're Supposed To Do and What To Do About It" by Ferdinand F. Fournies, there's no doubt what you think you are getting. The question is of course if you DO get that and how valuable the information is.There are apparently 16 different reasons why an employee might not do what they should. These are: They don't know why, they don't know how, they don't know what, they think your way won't work, they think their way is better, they think something else is more important, there are no positive consequences, they think they ARE doing it, they are rewarded for NOT doing it, they are punished for doing it, they anticipate negative consequences, there are no negative consequences for NOT doing it, there are obstacles they can't fix, they have personal limits, they have personal problems, and the task is simply impossible. That's quite a lot of reasons for one "problem"! Just having that list can really be helpful. A manager who thinks "My employee is simply an idiot! I told him what to do!" might take a step back and realize there really IS a problem that can be fixed, once it is identified.I realize that a lot of these items are common sense - but it's amazing how many times in the workplace that I've seen bad managers completely ignore the real problem and just yell at an employee. That rarely helps!Now, while the basic list is good, I do have some issues with this book. The first is that the book opens telling you "Now a manager could be assaulted or killed by the employee [for not handling problems effectively]." Good God Almighty. Talk about a nasty way to sell a book - "read me or you could DIE!!!"The book does a good job of laying out each type of problem in detail, and then giving specific solutions. You might say "they're common sense" but obviously if so many managers out there are NOT handling these situations well, they need a little kick in the behind. Maybe they're just too stressed and aren't actually thinking about the problem. Maybe this book will help give them that extra insight they need into using a good solution.One thing that bothers me is that the book makes it seem that every problem CAN be solved by following these few easy steps. There's a small FAQ in the back that says in essence "Oh yeah, sometimes this fails and you'll have to demote or fire the person." It would have been more helpful if in each section there were the regular tips, but also "drastic steps" and then "when to give up". I suppose they want to be positive - but if they give you only a few things to try, and they aren't working, it would be good to have a progression of what to do next. To keep trying those same things becomes an exercise in futility and frustration. In fact, it's sort of funny, he says at one point that, if these tips don't work, go buy my next book to learn what to do then :)Still, it's a good basic primer for the new manager of how to handle a variety of situations. I definitely have worked in many situations where managers did NOT know these things and the environment suffered because of it. If you feel like you already know these things, borrow the book at the library and skim through - you might pick up a tip or two. If you're a new manager, then I would suggest buying this. It's the sort of book that you read in the bathroom, going just over a single chapter, and focussing on how to handle that one specific issue. You're probably going to run into all of these issues over time, if you stay on a managerial path.
While I enjoy huge sprawling novels, the stories I like best are lean and short.  Not allowing subplots or extraneous characters to bog down the main story.  This is one of those stories.Set in the depression, the novel is the story of George and Lennie.  Lennie is &quot;slow&quot; and depends on George to do the right thing.  This dependence leads to the grievous, yet inevitable, ending.I don't enjoy this work as much as I could say it is one of the most moving stories I've read.  I think this is superior to The Grapes of Wrath.  This is a heartbreaking work of staggering genius.
This is an excellent account of the incredible struggle in the Solomons.  The author gets into both the American and Japanese perspective and writes with great clarity.  It's hard to believe these days that young Americans and Japanese engaged in this kind of horrendous conflict.  They were made of sterner stuff that we are. Both sides showed great courage and determination and were willing to accept terrible losses to win the objective.  This is the one arena where neither side had a clear advantage and they slugged it out in the equivalent of a 15 round heavyweight title bout.  The USA won it but it was by a whisker. You also really get a feel for the effects that the jungle, irregular terrain, starvation, disease, climate etc had on the combatants.
An amazing saga, I enjoyed reading it.  Very creative and even if it differs from the series, I thought it as captivating.  When will the next book come out?
This is a beautifully-written children's book! I only wish more of the main characters were frolicking across the manor lawn at the end, but I guess that would violate class lines.
Writers usually avoid impenetrably obscure topics and complex scientific enigmas.  Writers also tend to dislike "Cinderella" topics, especially when the Cinderella has a difficult character and shows no interest in getting along with anybody. Chandler Burr demonstrates enormous writing talent and skill by combining such unpopular topics and creating a fascinating tale about a 21st century Renaissance man obsessed with smell, who accumulates encyclopedic knowledge in three separate science disciplines, and fuses them to create a new theory of human olfaction.Burr easily explains complex notions in physics, chemistry, and biology using simple terms, demonstrating intellectual federalism and building the notion of "perishable arts." In Burr's book, Turin appears as a genius scientist who easily "divides and conquers" hard problems into sequences of tractable questions but remains a poor educator and a miserable agent of change. In spite of his tremendous talents and connections, Burr's Turin fails to find a way to gain acceptance and successfully promote his theory among his colleagues, fails to find a corporate sponsor to help him to complete the development of his theory, and fails to develop any commercial applications using his theory. Although Burr offers no solutions to these problems, he describes exceptionally well the personal pain that Turin suffers because of his own shortcomings.A highly recommended book for anybody interested in modern science and a must-read text for graduate students in science and engineering.Yuval Lirov, Medical Billing Networks and Processes - Profitable and Compliant Revenue Cycle Management in the Internet Age
Lilly Walters focuses on the success stories of 19 top speakers and their hints for speaking well. She highlights their backgrounds, turning points and key sayings, and then provides tips on becoming a top speaker using their methods for developing and giving effective presentations. Hearing what these speakers say about the principles of good speechmaking is interesting, but their "insider" tips are pretty obvious, even to an outsider. Most of their advice is widely known within the speaking industry and is presented here repetitively. Don't be put off by the "read this resume" nature of the initial introductions, because they put the speakers in context and show their success. We [...] recommend this book to virgin public speakers or those who want a refreshing booster, to those who book big-name talkers, or to those who like to read recreationally about celebrities and their ideas.
In 1952, Great Britain still digs out of the horrors of WWII.  Newlyweds Isabel and Philip Carey move to rural Yorkshire where he takes over a medical practice.  Philip dives into his work as a country doctor while Isabel suffers from loneliness and a sense she does not belong here rusticating.On a lonely night, Isabel finds an RAF greatcoat buried in the top of a cupboard by apparently their landlady Mrs. Elizabeth Atkinson.  To keep warm on this freezing evening, Isabel puts on the coat and falls asleep.  Not long afterward, the ghost of the owner of the coat Alec, a late RAF officer, taps from the outside on the flat's window.  The isolated woman and the dead pilot begin a tryst.This is an exciting 1950s ghost story that switches between the "present" (1952) and WWII as Isabel obsesses over her new "friend".  Although none of the triangle protagonists are fully developed beyond their prime role, fans will appreciate the tale of the Greatcoat.Harriet Klausner
In this novel, the author's beautiful writing brings alive his service as a soldier in the U.S. Army during the Vietnam War.  He shares closely-held fears, funny stories, horrible experiences, personal philosophies, and soldier-to-soldier conversations. It presents a good balance of wartime's bad and the ugly with the not-so-expected love and beauty. The author exquisitely expresses his universal ideas about war. Psychological realities of becoming, being, and having been a wartime soldier are keenly described.For some readers, the book presents itself as a collection of stories.  For me, it works well as a novel because it had me thinking of the author as the protagonist. As he recalls his youth, he remembers his call to the draft, his years of service in Viet Nam, his buddy's post war return to civilian life, and even a sweet love of his young childhood.  Although the time skips around, that is how our memories work--with no set chronology as to what we remember or in what order.  In remembering, our minds sometimes to turn fact into fiction and vice versa.  O'Brien uses this blend of fact and fiction to makes his war stories truly memorable.
A good, brief book on how to deal with others.  There are many examples of how to interact with people in ways that don't harm their ego.  The final chapter is an action plan for the reader to fill out and follow up on, a great way to chart your success.  Highly recommended.
Roddy Doyle was born in Dublin in 1958 and saw his first novel, "The Commitments" published in 1987. It was later adapted for the big screen, a version that saw Star Trek's Colm Meaney and a very young Andrea Corr among the cast. Doyle went on to win the Booker Prize in 1993 with "Paddy Clarke Ha Ha Ha".The book is set in the 1960s Barrytown, and is told by Paddy Clarke- the eldest child of his family. Although he has a few younger sisters, it's only his younger brother Sinbad who features to any degree. He's a Manchester United supporter, and particularly idolises George Best. His chief hobbies involve playing football, and messing around with his friends on neighbouring farm and nearby building sites.Sinbad doesn't always get a fair deal from his brother. He cries constantly, wets the bed and as a baby, he once got his head stuck in the bars of his cot. He never smiles in photos and doesn't eat his dinner - something that particularly infuriates his Paddy Sr. Despite wearing glasses with one black lens - to deal with an eye problem - he's a great dribbler on the football pitch. (Paddy and his friends used to make Sinbad be Nobby Stiles when playing football - so he stopped supporting United, and started following Liverpool).Out of Paddy's friends, he's probably closest to Kevin Conway - though, to be honest, Kevin isn't an entirely likeable kid. James O'Keefe, for the most part, is a good deal more - deapite being, quite possibly, the biggest liar in Barrytown. O'Keefe is hated by their teacher Mister Hennessy - he even gets blamed on making noise in class when he's off sick. (Henno does appear to have a slight vindictive streak in him - in fact, he reminded me a little of a teacher I once had at secondary school). The two most likeable of Paddy's friends, however, are a pair of brothers called Liam and Aidan. The boys' mother is dead, and though their father is trying his best, he seems to be a little lost. The neighbours aren't above gossiping about him and - although they are officially part of the gang - Liam and Aidan are also on the receiving end of a fair few nasty comments. As much as Paddy loves going over to their house, even he's not immune to a touch of snobbery.The story is told more from a child's point of view rather than by an adult looking back on things. There are some things that raised a smile - the childhood theories about Purgatory, for example - and it even inspired a touch of nostalgia sometimes. However, it's set at a time when not only is Barrytown changing, but Paddy's home life is changing dramatically too. Naturally, Paddy doesn't always understand his parents and the things they say - so it's only gradually, as the frights become more and more frequent, that you come to realise there are problems between Paddy's dad and mum. There's a certain sadness about watching Paddy grow up as the story is told, while the difference between Paddy at the book's beginning and on the book's final couple of pages is tragic. A lovely book, though very sad.
This is one of my all-time favorite books.  I don't want to give too much away so I will just say that Shirley Jackson makes you feel for the characters.  The way she writes is poetry.  It's an easy read, not difficult to follow.  It's also one of the freakiest haunted house stories I have ever read.  If you liked &quot;Hell House&quot; by Richard Matheson then you will really enjoy this book!
After reading Diamond's "Guns, Germs, and Steel" I became hooked on the subject of global history and evolution. Consequently, I couldn't wait to get my hands on "The Rise and Fall of the Third Chimpanzee". Diamond's writing is not only extremely interesting, it is interest-shaping, and I was not disappointed with this second highly compulsive read. For those who have read GG&S;, I can say that both books compliment one another nicely. The Rise & Fall covers similar themes - expanding on many, and opening the way for GG&S; to cover many others. Anyone who enjoyed one book will surely enjoy the other.To begin with, Diamond first examines the fact that we share more than 98 per cent of our genes with chimps, and so he concludes that by the rules of zoology we are in fact a third species of chimp. He then proceeds with his thesis, setting out to examine what it is in our genes that accounts for our dramatic rise and makes us so exceptionally different to chimps and all other animals. Much of his discussion examines the following proposition: There must be animal precedents in the things that we like to feel make us human (including tools, art, language, and plant and animal domestication) - as well as in some less positive things (murder, genocide, habitat destruction) - for such a small difference in genes to have gone such a long way. Accordingly, there is much to fascinate people who enjoy reading about some of the wonderful oddities and curiosities belonging to the human and animal kingdom, as Diamond considers the precedents and precursors of these attributes in animals, and then traces their rise in Cro-Magnon man. In the final chapters he then puts all this together to give a chilling prognosis of the way we may soon prove our own undoing, but although this is inevitably less scientific and more conjecture than the preceding chapters, Diamond is careful to observe where fact does become opinion (and where theories are not necessarily widely accepted), and so I felt that his conclusion was quite relevant.I have said that his writing is extremely interesting. Another thing that I like about his work is the fact that he draws a lot from his own adventures in Papua New Guinea; that he writes from a broad intellectual base (referring to many sciences and their findings as he puts a massive puzzle together to construct very plausible arguments); but at the same time he is not above using even childish humour ('fart' comes from the Proto-Indo-European word, 'perd', one reads). People who like reading about the origins of Homo sapiens will also perhaps be fascinated by an in-depth discussion on the relative phallus size of the various apes (cleavage size is covered too), and on the implications pertaining to our own place along the scale. In short, I found "The Rise and Fall of the Third Chimpanzee" to be another highly interesting, factual, educational and compulsive read.
Steinbeck masters several different purposes with this book.  First, he provides us with, in typical Steinbeck fashion, an in-depth character study of several figures worthy of discussion.  The characters are intriguing, life-like and hold our attention as they move through their  existence.Second, he weaves a picturesque and spellbinding story with  this ability to animate scenes with his words.  He truly captures the idea  of &quot;suspension of disbelief;&quot;  the reader has no doubt he/she is  reading about real places and people.Last and most important, Steinbeck  turns the tables on the reader in the last paragraph of the book.  While  this book may superficially appear to be a scathing commentary on the  ruthlessness of unchecked capitalism, its really a singular question on  human nature, regardless of the dominant socio-economic system, be it  capitalism or communism.  The reader must make up his/her mind at the end  on which is the worse crime: exploitation of the masses for profit or  exploitation of the masses for personal power and position, especially at  the expense of a friend and allie.One of the most powerful books I have  read in such a few number of pages.
I'm not an expert on consciousness but this is an excellent book for the layman. I found the author's style of writing captivating.I read the original edition and it was from 1991 so maybe an update could be useful. Or maybe not because it is largely about philosophy. But it would have been nice to for instance get a current assessment of Lipet's work.Sorry for the incompleteness of this review. I read the book a long time ago. By adding a positive review I want to show my appreciation of the author. Book was five star, but 20 years later I cannot vouch for five star review. So I give the book four stars.
I haven't seen the movie based on this book entitled "Christmas with the Kranks" yet, but I hope it captures the simple, fun-filled magic John Grisham has created here. To me, the book harkens back to the kind of old-fashioned story telling from movies of the fifties, where there were no gimmicks, wild stunts, or any of the modern "tricks" today's movies and books often resort to in order to hold an audience's attention.The plot is straightforward. When the Kranks lone daughter goes away to the Peace Corp, with no plans to return for Christmas, Mr. Krank talks his wife into skipping the hectic, stressful holiday season altogether by going on a cruise. Despite harassment and interference from their entire neighborhood, who sees skipping Christmas as a betrayal to not only them, but to pretty much everything that's sane and decent in the world, Mr. Krank remains defiant, he and his wife finding themselves in all sorts of uncomfortable and downright hysterical moments. But as always happens, things change when their precious daughter calls at the last minute, reporting that's on her way home to introduce her parents to her new fianc&eacute;. This is when we all see to excruciating and hilarious effect just how horrible last minute shopping is during the Yuletide season.I loved this book, even though it waxes a bit sentimental at the end. It's the perfect Christmas book for those who truly appreciate the beauty of this particular time of year, as well as to all those who have found themselves a heartbeat away from going postal while caught in another long, boisterous, tired, angry line at the local department store.I highly recommend this book.- Gregory Bernard Banks, author of "Phoenix Tales: Stories of Death & Life"
We pull this one out in the fall.  The story is great for standing up and moving around -- clomp, clomp - wiggle,wiggle - shake, shake - clap, clap - nod, nod... plus, there's a great surprise (which we shout out VIGOROUSLY!) and a happy ending.  It's one of our best fall books.
I purchased this book in the goal of learning more about the terminal and shell programming. I mainly use fedora but have touched ubuntu and mint. This book starts out easy to follow but quickly looses you in some chapters and you find yourself flipping around for answers or turning to Google to figure out what they are talking about. It almost seems like they are trying to stuff too much stuff into one book when it should be broken down into two books. I wouldn't recommend this book unless you are more of an intermediate user. Beginners should definately look for another book and be more familiar with the OS and terminal before jumping head first into this book.
I have this book in paperback for a long while. It has good basic information, but it is quite outdated. Some info are quite obsolete. Try out my bookMarket Timing: Profitable, Predictable and Protective (Tools in Investing)risk-free (check out Amazon's return policy). It has detected the last two market plunges correctly (2000 and 2007). I have posted many comments about the possibility of market peak today as judged by technical indicators SMA% and RSI. Nothing to subscribe and nothing to buy.
I used the Domino 5-minute consult along with this book for NP school and they compliment each other well. Domino has few explanations while this book has plenty, clear cut, explainations. Buy it!
I've not made it all the way through, but this is everything I was hoping for in a land nav book.  Exactly what I was looking for.
I hadn't read this since high school. Purchased it after watching a special on the Depression and was not disappointed!
Harris combines the best modern scholarship with a detailed analysis of the text to provide a reasonably clear picture of The Bible and its origins. Practicing Christians and others owe it to themselves to become familiar with the The Bible outside of the bounds of the strongly biased presentations that are more readily available.Folks here who criticize this as "liberal" or "not respecting the alternative viewpoints" are simply reacting to the fact that Harris is seeking to approach the topic with an objectivity and degree of scholarship that is uncommon. If someone's cherished misconceptions about The Bible turn out to be simply incorrect then we shouldn't blame Harris for revealing that fact. Don't shoot the messenger.
This book attempts to dispel the myth of King Richard 111 who is traditionally known as the murderer of the little princes. Setting the analysis in today's world is a clever ploy
If you are a fan of JPIi and Benedict XVII, you will enjoy this book. Many interesting details which I had never before thought about were explained. It felt like I had a friend at the on clave and I understood the most recent conclave (Francis' election) much better.
I had read others first; liked Headhunters the best; movie was a bit disappointing compared to book. I'm also a Lee Child Jack Reacher fan; Nesbo is a bit more slow moving than Child. A friend recommended and I read a Clive Custler novel-- didn't like it much- too simplistic, too black and white Hollywood.
I'd worry about peope who don't hurt themselves laughing while reading Wapiti School. My goodness, these stories are terrific, sometimes tough and bitter, sometimes perfect poetry. Just wonderful.
This book provided an excellent overview of the very broad range of  telecommunications topics, including history, telephone technologies, data  technologies, protocols, and standards; from twisted-pair copper through  fiber-optic, cellular, and satellite.  It is a very quick read and a great  introduction to anyone new to telecommunications.  Its coverage is very  good considering the broad range of topics covered.It does not, however,  provide much depth on any one technology.  Most topics, such as ATM, SONET,  etc., are covered in one to four pages each.  It was significantly less  than I was looking for, but I am still impressed with how well Ms. Dodd  covered such a broad range of topics.  Anyone with a high school education,  no telecom experience, and the motivation to do it, could read and learn  from this book.
Brilliant 1st book by this talented writer.  Am reading her 3rd (latest) one.  Couldn't put down "The missing", read 'till my eyes hurt.
Well written, succinct yet conversational style.  Has everything I need to learn and put into practiceso I'm not at the mercy of the up/down stock market.  Excellent book.
I have consulted this book many times over the last few years, both as entertainment and as a reference to what is going on in a particular part of the world.  It makes for a very entertaining read, as the author not only describes the socio-political situation of the country, he also tells a story of his own experiences in the particular places.When I started reading about his experiences, I often thought them exaggerated.  However, given Robert Pelton's recent abduction in the Panama Colombia border by paramilitary groups, I start to believe more and more that he actually did live through such experiences.  The book is a good eye-opener to everyone who thinks we are living in a modern civilized society.  If you are doubtful, read about sub-saharan Africa or Central Asia.
This book tells some excellent stories about innovation in pricing. The  focus is B2C (pricing of consumer goods), but that does not mean it is irrelevant to B2B. As we have seen time after time on the Internet, consumer models and applications often go on to spawn disruptive innovations in business markets.I found Chapter 3 on price wars in China, Chapter 4 on thinking small (which has some good points about Bottom of the Pyramid markets and what we can learn from them), Chapter 5 on automatic mark downs, and chapter 9 on pay for performance models especially useful. In chapter 3 on price wars in China there is a nice light explanation of Incremental Break Even Analysis and how it intersects with strategic choices in pricing competition. When reading this section I suggest you pop up your favorite spreadsheet and build the model then run a few scenarios on it to get a feel for its behavior (unless you are one of those rare people who can understand the behavior of an equation just by running it in your own mind). Then apply the model to yourself and your competitors and see what pricing decisions it leads to. The historical treatment of automatic markdowns at Filene's basement (I am writing in this in Cambridge, just across the Charles River from Filenes) and the analysis of buying psychology are also compelling. Pay for performance will be, I believe, one of the most disruptive pricing strategies going forward, and the more different examples one can read the better. I am glad that they included the classic Tom Nagle article "Money-Back Guarantee ... and other ways you never thought to buy your drugs" (the article is available on-line at LeveragePoint). There are useful 'rules of thumb' at the end of this chapter on when pay performance is likely to work. (Other chapters also have this feature, which is a nice feature of the book - the authors give you some guidance on when a particular pricing strategy is likely to work.). On the other hand, although the authors introduce two-sided markets in the chapter on Google, they do not unfold the implications for pricing and pricing strategy. Two-sided markets are likely to eat through traditional markets everywhere they can be applied (see Catalyst Code by David S. Evans; Richard Schmalensee).This book does not do for B2C pricing what Strategy and Tactics of Pricing (Nagle, Hogan and Zale) does for B2B. It does not have an integrative framework that can help one think through B2C pricing. Sadly, I do not think such a book has been written or such a framework developed. This may be because B2C pricing is very much a part of brand strategy, and any integrative approach to B2C pricing would also have to be a book on branding (and how branding is changing in a social media world). Pricing experts and brand builders are seldom the same people and often do not work well together, but a transformative book on B2C pricing will require input from both sides.
I am an Alex Cross fan.  I love all the other characters, especially Nana Mama!  If you don't know who I am talking about, then you haven't been reading the right books.  MUST READ THE ENTIRE SERIES!!!
A story of much adversity but told in such an accepting manner. What an interesting life Bert had. His ups and downs were seemingly just how life was back then. A great read
I am mystified at all the poor reviews for this best seller here at Amazon. Apparently most reviewers were expecting a thriller. Perhaps that is the result of a misguided marketing ploy trying to capture the sales momentum of The Da Vinci Code, to which it bears some superficial resemblance. This is much better written than DVC, though, with excellent character development and thoroughly entertaining descriptions of people and places. I was on tenterhooks throughout most of the book. Even though I listened to the audiobook in the car while driving, rather than reading it, I was able to follow the accurate descriptions of the various cipher methods and found them credible and clever. Cryptology is a hobby of mine and this book is 1000% more authentic than DVC. It also avoids the typical B-movie chases across continents partnered with gorgeous, unattached 25-year-old female cryptologists (yeah, right) and evil religious fanatics in pursuit that characterize DVC and that genre of copycats. This is a thrilling book intellectually, not the pop schlock so many reviewers here were looking for.  If you're a mental lightweight, you won't enjoy this book (which is not to characterize everyone who didn't like it - no offense meant - just if you thought DVC was great, this one is probably over your head). It's about philosophy, history, scholarship, human foibles and relationships, not secret societies and fanatical cadres and cults.
I bought this book a couple years back, but now am buying as a gift for a friend of mine.  I enjoyed the book thoroughly and have recommended to many friends.  The story involves love (love lost), deception, medicine in Africa & USA and hopeful redemption.
When starting to read this book I had no clue what it was supposed to be about. The inside flaps and the back cover  keeps everything vague, just admitting that it is about a '50s farmboy, his family, their farm hands, and the crop. This sounds a little like a nice little family story maybe even similiar to Tom Sawyer - and actually it is.A story of a moving quality of experiences and consequences,  with other words a fine read. I don't want to talk about the book's story, because I think it is good not to know what a book really is about until you learn it from the book itself. You also could say the one of the best things about the book is that the publisher does not betray the reader and give him an idea of what the story is about - you might argue how you should chose a book if you don't have a clue what it is about. Well, as for this book, the story on the flaps and the book cover is indeed sufficient.To cut right to the chase, the book is good, because the story is fine. It is a story maybe a little inspried by works of  Mark Twain and Charles Dickens although the literary quality definitely is not comparable with that of these authors. What I want to say is, the book is fine for a John Grisham. I have all of his books so far, and liked most of them, but entirely for their story and not for the writing, which is something  I can't combine with a true writer - which Grisham positively is not. He is after all a lawyer who started writing and that's why all of his books where at least in some way about a lawyer except this one. This is not a bad thing - under circumstances -, but it is, if it is all you get for about eleven years or so. Lots of his books are boring or have at least too much lawyer 'n' courtroom stuff which makes it boring.This book obviously is different. There are no lawyers, no courtroom, nothing Grisham can identify with if he would not have grown up on a farm himself. I don't know if Grisham himself decided that his lawyers suck or if he just figured out that  a change of scenery could pay more bills.Let's be honest: although this book is nice and pretty, really moving and so on, it is somehow artificial, appears to be at least, because Grisham desperately tried to change his reputation and to make something that could get his writing some fresh air. As I said, this book is good, and really treasureable, because it might be the best one Grisham has ever written, and, as I said, it's a fine story. Despite the fact that Grisham is doomed to write like a lawyer who started writing - with little literary beauty and grace, with bare words - this book is good, because for the first time in his career - it seems to me - he at least tried to give his writing more beauty and grace, making his characters deeper and more identifyable (although the seven year old narrator is kind of a satire to every seven year old kid - the kid's an ex-lawyer who started writing and is more than forty years old - and strongly reminds me of Calvin in the Calvin&amp;Hobbes comics by Bill Watterson) - which he accomplished at times. I especially liked the ending about the book, because it was pathetic and somehow dramatic, the slight reflection of the quality works by Stephen King and John Irving have.In my opinion, if you are not one of those complete courtroom freaks - I honestly can't understand these folks, why would anybody like The Rainmaker or A Time To Kill except a lawyer, but these are supposed to be books and not trial protocolls, e.g. - this is a book everybody should read who likes OR does NOT like J. Grisham, because all of you might be in for some surprises.I liked the book very much, even if it was partially shallow and artificial, but I liked the narrator's tone, even if the idea that it is supposed to be the voice of a 7-year-old is ridiculous. Sometimes you just got to shut up that old critic that lives in the very all of us and just enjoy a story that is of good craftmanship and good heart. It will give your live a new perspective, for some time at least, as long as the story's still fresh in your mind, and - if nothing else - at least entertain you.What's more important than to retrieve a little entertainment out of the gray routines most of us call their lives?
This book has a wealth of good stuff in it. It includes a lot of safety measures that a person might not think of until too late. I enjoyed it..it had a lot of practical info that can be used without being a wilderness guru. I found myself thinking "huh, that makes sense, but I'd never have thought of it on my own" fairly often throughout the book. It's geared more toward the "oops, how the heck did I get myself into this mess, now I need rescuing" scenario...staying alive until help arrives. I feel it was well worth reading, and I would recommend it to the average person who doesn't have a lot of experience in life-threatening situations. Also a good read for kids...how to be safe,and what to do if things go awry, complete with many pictures to follow.
Thought the book and process was well though-out.  Microsoft really does use elements of the process Eades laid out.
I just finished this book a week ago!  What an amazing story as told by an amazing author.I tend not to provide a synopsis of the book in my reviews and I will continue that trend in this review.  I will say that East of Eden is basically a grand morality play using the Biblical Story of Cain and Abel as  its backdrop.As in Grapes of Wrath, Steinbeck throws in chapters that are very omniscient in scope, some might even say Biblical in tone.  It is in one of these chapters that Steinbeck basically asks the reader to make a choice between good and evil in his or her life.  I had to stop reading at that point and just think for a little while....that is the sign of a great author at the top of his game!Highly recommended!!!
I'm biased: this is my favorite book ever. I read this and The Great Gatsby every year. Yes, the subject matter is depressing and has cringe-worthy moments, but I think that's why I enjoy the book so much. Revolutionary Road peels back the facade of perfect suburban life and shows the ugliness underneath through the frustrations of Frank and April Wheeler, a couple who dreams of a better life than the "good life" they presently have. Yates's narrator details their story with a touch of snark, which keeps this story from being a complete downer. Despite the unlikable characters (for example, Frank is pretentious and all talk, April is flighty, and Mrs. Givings is that annoying neighbor you go out of your way to avoid), this is an engrossing read that details how people can deceive themselves into believing they're better people than they really are. A classic.
Chapter 7 is titled "Complex Number Calculus". It's 13 pages long. It covered the same material that my complex analysis college class covered in 4 months (using a 300 page text book)!  The point is that you are not going to comprehend complex analysis from reading chapter 7. You need to work a lot harder for that. But you will gain a glimpse into why complex calculus knowledge is useful for understanding laws of universe.  This book gives you a map of what you need to learn but unless Professor Penrose choose to write a 20,000 page long book there is no way he can cover all the necessary knowledge in a single book.I gave the book five star because in addition to giving us a map of the long intellectual journey to enlighment of physical universe, Professor Penrose writes beautifully, passionately, and clearly has a deep conceptual understanding of the topics. There is a unifying stress on geometrical intuition and understanding that is ever present in all of the diverse topics of the book.  All the various topics have been masterfully summarized in a way that show their main sailent features.Unless you are a professional mathematical physicist, you should expect that you will understand only some portions of this book (depending on your knowledge of math and physics). But it will give you a fleeting humbling glimpse into knowledge and expertise possessed by a top notch theoratical physicist.
Sharpe's Eagle is the first of many books by Bernard Cornwell in which his character, Richard Sharpe is a member of the British army in the years around 1800.  I didn't read the book in the order they were written, I read them chronologically, but this book is still the best regardless.This book introduces Cornwell's fantastic writing style, he educates us of the British actions throughout many different campaigns.  He is very detailed on a number of subjects, from how the battle was fought to the steps in which a cannon is loaded.  After reading these books you feel like you know a great deal about such an important point in our history.This book introduces us to the upper class in-adequacies surrounding the British army of the time.  Rich upper class 'snobs' became commanders by buying their commission, this left a greatly trained army to be run by untrained commanders.  In this book an arrogant Sir Henry Simmerson, thinking he knows best, goes on to disgrace his whole unit by losing the Kings colours.  It's then down to Sharpe, with the help of his immense bravery and courage to restore his regiment's honour.It's a great introduction to a truly interesting and gripping series.5 Stars
Since the first edition in 1987,  Tom Nagel's "The Strategy and Tactics of Pricing" has been the standard pricing text and an indispensable guide to value-oriented pricing for students and practitioners alike. All the major pricing topics are expertly covered with a good balace between theory and practice. As one very interested in this important topic and about to publish his own pricing book, I can highly recommend this work as there is nothing comparable on the market today.
am still reading, the book is okay, but it does jump all over the place in time, making it hard to determine if they were speaking of the past century or the most recent. i love the perspective, and sympathize with a lot of what happened. i find myself wishing i was around during that time to have a voice and or to do something that would help. what a brave and honorable people the lakota and friends were. i admire them more than most peoples in this world, they came the closest to sacred living and honesty than even the christians. and thats saying something for me. god (wakan tanka) bless their future.
I began this six book series just for a taste with book one and three moths later I am well into book 3. Why? Because it is fascinating. Because it fills so many gaps in my knowledge of these times. Because it blends so many familiar themes and even familiar phrases with new material. Because Winston writes so very well.  Because the times in which he lived shaped so very much the civilisation in which we live. Because if Tolkien's great work (The Lord of the Rings) fictionalised so much of this struggle Churchill's is the real thing but without elfs and goblins. And his breadth of vision is tremendous. One can easily forgive a touch of self advertisement.With respect to the format I bought volume 1 on paper nad then switched to Kindle. The small print of the paper version was miserable. The kindle version has a number of word recognistion errors but still wins easily. I never lose my place, I set the font size and the touch of the leather case is more agreeable than the paperback. I will be buying book four and on Kindle.
I expected this book to be a bleak but necessary exercise in political allegory.  Maybe some have interpreted &quot;Disgrace&quot; this way, but I found it a rich human drama written in breath-takingly clear, diamond hard  prose.  For me, most of its politics is on the level of individual human  relationships, the power dynamics between two people, and the ways those  dynamics can change (or not), as well as the means of those changes.  Coetzee's main character, the disgraced professor Lurie, is much more than  a characature, thanks to Coetzee's sympathy for both human foibles, and our  ability to rationalize the worst of our actions.  The prose is stark,  highly readable, but the characters and incidents are very much alive--you  may not like Lurie, but you'll believe he exists.  Despite the dark nature  of the action, I didn't think of this as a bleak book.  Coetzee does seem  to offer a glimmer of redemption.  One of the strongest works of fiction  I've read in a long time, one that's both a pleasure to read and to ponder.
I have had this book in my library since the first edition and I buy the updates as soon as they are available. I recommend it to my (advanced practice nursing) students as a concise tool to keep up with the latest in procedures, medications, tests and imaging studies while maintaining and reviewing all the basic principles.And you can't beat the "Scut Monkey" name!!Ann Hirschman FNP
This is a well delayed review.  I bought this book almost 10 years ago and I am reading some chapters again after becoming an entrepreneur myself.Let me start by quoting the advance praise for the book "Rob Ryan has a passion for business and a love for entrepreneurs". This is exactly the impression I got when I saw him at an event where he talked about entreprensurship, and had the luck to chat with him briefly. He impressed me as a brilliant, pragmatic and genuinely nice person.  He is an extraordinarily successful entrepreneur, has the passion for entrepreneurship, know many entrepreneurs and has been helping many. Few have better credentials than him for writing about entrepreneurship.The book is essentially a complete guide for starting a tech firm and making it successful.  Not only does it explain the principles, rules backed by solid examples from the author's own experience, but also provides detailed instructions including lists, tables, charts to drive a startup at different stages. One can start benefiting from the book before the inception of a firm, and continue it all the way till it reaches the top - a major player in a field.The book is geared toward startups seeking external funding, but the principles described in the book are equally applicable to bootstrapped startups and organically grown firms. For example, the required traits of an entrepreneur depicted by the book - intelligence, initiative, integrity, heart and willpower - are applicable to all startups. The sunflower model is a an enlightening way of  planning products and services based on a firm's core competence.The book provides quite a few practical checklists such as Rob's Quality Dog Food Test for evaluating product ideas.  I find the diagnosis of all kinds of wannabes such as quickie, dreamers, wonderful wacky MBA very interesting. If one observes with the list in mind, he can find plenty belonging to the list though not as many nowadays as during the dot-com bubble years.The 10X rule advocated by the book shows how realistic and experienced the author is.  One may naively think if a new product from a startup is 2X better than those of a dominant vendor, the efficient free market would help sell them.  The real fight for market share against established vendors is a tough one.  Striving for 10X is a good way to start the battle.I have to mention that the book is also an easy and entertaining read.
Before we got to know her as a philosopher, or as a legal and an academic scholar, Hanna Arendt was a journalist for the New Yorker magazine. It was in this capacity as an eye witness to the trial that she accumulated material for this book, which first appeared as a series of articles in that magazine a year or so after the trial.As usual, Professor Arendt's supple mind and precise writings are on exquisite display here. In her other roles, she is well known for not suffering fools lightly, and here too she does not stoop or even give a nod or a hint to political correctness, or cheap but anticipated ethnic pandering. Apparently trying to maintain her high standards of scholarship is what got her in trouble regarding certain aspects of this book. Yet, despite the hoopla, in my view, she remains the "real deal," raising our IQs as she teaches us how to think correctly about complex, sensitive and raw emotional issues like race, ethnicity, anti-Semitism and the kidnapping and the trial of Adolph Eichmann, all issues that I thought I already knew all there was to know?During 1961, Eichmann's capture and kidnapping from a suburb near Sao Paulo, Brazil was a sensation. We all predicted the script of the trial: that Eichmann would quickly be found guilt and hanged.  And although that was indeed exactly how it turned out, it takes the acute eye and a mind like that of Dr. Arendt to give us all of the textured and nuanced layers that do not meet the casual and legally untrained eye. That is where the richness of this book shines through.  Every reader must be grateful to her for pointing out all the non-obvious aspects of what we all saw as a cut-and-dried trial.For instance, it never occurred to me at the time (or even later), that Prime Minister Ben-Gurion, the architect of Israeli statehood, was also the director of the stage play that would become the Eichmann trial. The trial was clearly Israeli Kabuki theater but also it was global theater too. According to the author, one would not have been incorrect to see the trial as Mr. Ben-Gurion's own personally orchestrated "show trial." Ben-Gurion after all believed that sitting in judgment of Eichmann was the business of Jews alone since Eichmann was an enemy of the Jewish people.Under Ben-Gurion's theatrical directorship, the trial thus was turned into a pure "show trial," a symbolic and didactic exercise, a forum for teaching Israelis that Israel remained the only true safe-haven for them from an anti-Semitic world gone mad; for teaching Christians that Eichmann, the ovens, and the gas chambers were the logical end points of 1500 years of Christian directed hatred towards the Jews; to teach the world about Jewish history and about the continuous suffering of the Jewish people; and finally the trial was a drama about the perpetrators, the Nazis. It gave them names and addresses and shamed the culture from which they came, just as it catalogued what they did, to whom they had done it, why they did it, and how they had done it. In short, Eichmann became the "stand-in" for all of the monsters that Nazis and Christian culture had produced.Yet, Ben-Gurion's agenda was not even half the story of the meaning of the Eichmann trial. In addition to Ben-Gurion's agenda, Eichmann's trial was also about a host of other important issues -- things that only a mind like Dr. Arendt's could conger up, uncover and then explain. Here is a short list of them to end this review:First, Eichmann was on trial for his murderous deeds only -- for which the prosecution could not produce a single witness who saw Eichmann kill anyone? The best they could produce is a hearsay conversation in which Eichmann was supposed to have suggested in a coded way, having certain people killed. He was not on trial for the suffering of the Jewish people. He was not even on trial for his anti-Semitism or racist views. For if he had been, then the Israeli state, one of the world's only race-based states, would also have to answer for having Nazi-like laws against mixed marriages, and its way of declaring all mixed-race babies as bastards, etc.Second, as this last point makes clear, whether it wanted to be or not, the Israeli state, its ways of justice, its culture, and even its way of life were also on trial. In fact it was in this area where the author, a Jew herself, got into big trouble. She correctly insinuates that "show trials" are usually not about justice but are about larger political issues beyond the courtroom. While the Israeli court that hanged Eichmann failed to show that he had personally killed anyone, it did prove what Eichmann had readily admitted to: that he was but a cog in a cultural and bureaucratic wheel whose hub was Nazism, which revolved around anti-Semitism and a vast machinery of death.But being true to the racist social order in which he found himself did not make Eichmann a criminal in the eyes of the German laws he was duty bound to obey and uphold. Indeed he was a murderer for the state in the same that an ordinary soldier is. Is this not true of patriots in most countries, including the USA? Because of his role as a German patriot, Eichmann's conscience was no more troubled when he killed Jews than when any soldier's is who kills a perceived enemy of his state? Nor did he violate any known German laws by following Hitler's directives, directives which had the same status and effect as law.It is in this vast area of the morality of cultures, the morality of state laws, and the morality of people under extreme duress within them that Dr. Arendt earns her pay. She raises and then tries to answer two forbidden holocaust questions, both of which got her into trouble with Jews. The first one was: "Why did Jews go meekly to the gas chambers without protest, even when it was obvious that there were times when they could have easily overpowered the guards? (whom they always outnumbered, and as eventually happened at Sobibor)Her two-part answer was the best I have heard so far: The first part is profound and with the unmistakable ring of truth. As she puts it: "the triumph of the SS, demands that the tortured victim allow himself to be led to the noose without protesting, that he renounce and abandon himself to the point of ceasing to affirm his identity." The second part of the answer is equally profound and even more succinct: It is that there are some punishments much worse than death itself and all them were held in abeyance: reserved for Jews collectively in the event of uprisings and rebellions.The second question had to do with the morality of the Judenrate, Jews who ran the ghettos for the Nazis and thus who collaborated with them, selecting and sending many of their own Jewish neighbors to be gassed -- ostensibly so as to be able to either save others or delay their execution. As I understand her argument in this instance, there comes a time when humans under extreme stress and duress, that see morality as an abstraction, must give way to the reality staring them in the face? The author argues that this was the case for the Judenrate whose very existence was balanced on a slender thread of Nazi capriciousness. Their decisions were not ones made strictly on the basis of abstract moral principles alone, that is to say, only on the abstract moral plane, but were made on the plane of individual pragmatism, on their own  "Realpolitik" of the moment.The upshot of the book is that Eichmann was neither especially evil or immoral but a colorless vanilla cog in the wheel of a bureaucracy based on racial superiority mass murder and genocide. And as we have seen, such governments did not whither away with the defeat of the Nazis: they still stalk the post-modern world. Five Stars
With wit, subdued (but real) erudition, and prophetic accuracy, the late Neil Postman exposes and exegetes the form or nature of television. This book is not a screed against "what is on TV," but an analysis of "what TV is."Although written over twenty years ago, the arguments are not dated (although some of the illustrations may be). TV, according to Postman, has debased public discourse because of its incapacity to sustain critical thought--about politics, religion, history, or anything. Postman declines to go so far as McLuhan in saying that TV alters our very sensorium (a proposition I agree with), but he finds TV to be a ubiquitous and dangerous feature of American life. It has become our very epistemology, the way we process reality.I conclude with two suggestions that may change your life (and that is not hyperbole or adspeak): (1) Read this book, carefully and slowly. (2) Spend one entire week without watching TV in any form (on the net, on your cell phone, etc.). Then see how you change...
Happy with the product.
This book is in no need of another rave review. It is already critically acclaimed and recognized by readers as one of the best books of the 20th century. I reserve "five stars" ratings only for true classics, and this is one. It is as relevant today as it was 20 years ago. And it will continue to be relevant as long as our sons and daughters are sent overseas to kill other peoples' sons and daughters.O'Brien's writing style is unique; at least it was until he influenced subsequent authors, with his blurring of fact and fiction, and his use of a fallible and unreliable narrator. He is the author, who is also a character in the novel, and this character is the narrator. Obviously influenced by his own experiences, this is still a novel, a work of fiction.This is one of those books that will keep students in freshman English busy for years to come. If you were not fortunate enough to have it assigned as required reading in school, read it now. Better yet, read it as part of a book club. This is one book you'll want to be able to discuss with other people.
The Big Book of Spanish Verbs is just that. It is a rather thick book. It teaches every aspect of spanish verb usage, and conjugation. If you are  learning to speak spanish you'll find this book an asset and a great help. It's a book that will be used, and not collect dust on a shelf.
The book was delivered on time as promised and arrived in great shape.  It was a present and was given to the individual who used it to make a book review of his class.
I love this book. I take it everywhere and use it everyday as reference.I think the title is very appropriate. There is no other definitive, dictionary-like book about options like this one.
.The moral of the story is reminiscent of a favorite Facebook meme: "Let go or be dragged."Written in fable form, "Who Moved My Cheese" takes twenty minutes or less to read, but contains good advice. Sometimes we need a reminder that change is inevitable.  The moral of the tale is trust your gut and move on.Curiously enough, I could see packaging "Who Moved My Cheese" with Coelho's book "The Alchemist." They are of similar length and carry an equally powerful punch.Like.KIm BurdickStanton, Delaware
I use this book as a reference in my technical writing.I recommend this book to everyone who have a basic Assembly Language programming background and want to understand everything behind the Machine Language Operation Codes decoding process.The authors build from scratch (and you learn from scratch):* How to build a complete Arithmetic and Logic (ALU) Unit- Basic Logic Gates processing- more advanced topics as Ripple Carry* How to build a complete Control Unit to guide the ALU Operation- Microprogramming vs. Hardwired Control Implementation* Assembly language examples for programming the Control UnitIt is a good Technical Book in this area.Complement the study of this book with the Assembly Language Programming presented in the book "The Art of Computing Programming", Volume 1 by Donald Knuth (also, if you need more application examples of low level programming, review Volume 3 "Sorting and Searching"). This is a very good study track.
Everything you have heard and not heard about the Vikings is True/False.  You must learn to find your own verasity. They were multi-facited Explorers and Settlers.  The developed their own art in jewelry(bloom wire wrapping), Language, painting & sculpture.  They left their mark in ancient sites.  They mastered the Compass Rose(navigation)and Ship Stores(salt Cod-Torsk).  Modern Kingdoms and Introduction of Christianity came to be in the Vikings.  Rune Stone Inscriptions yield to study.  A range from Novgorod Russia to North Atlantic America is investigated.  These were an enigmatic People.  Site finds reveal an amazing depth of residue.  0810 was the first attack in Frisia(Flanders Zeeland) of w. Europe.  To the East Russia & Bizantium were great sources of valuable trade goods.  Caravans from the East brought amazing goods  Tributes were imposed by IE. Olaf, king of Birka.  Many areas were looted by Scandinavians.  For a revealing study of this ERA, you must peruse this Tome.  Good Reading. DAS
Along with To Kill a Mocking bird and The Great Gatsby, this is one of my all time favourite pieces of American literature.  I say America because of the all the central characters but really it is English with an Englishman's keen observation of well to do American's at one point in time.  The 1920's.  Just wonderful. It transports you back to another time and place. And the characters are so well drawn. Particularly Larry, Elliot and Isobel. Really well written and my favourite W. Somerset Maugham book of all time.  Read it. You will love it.
I LOVED THIS BOOK ONE OF ERMAS FUNNIEST BOOKS. I COULDN'T STOP LAUGHING I LAUGHED SO HARD I FELL OFF THE BED AND WENT ROLLING ON THE FLOOR. I LOVED THIS BOOK BY A GREAT LADY WHO KNEW HOW TO BE HILARIOUS.WE ALL MISS YOU ERMA LOVE ERMA LOVE HER BOOKS.
Benjamin Hoff uses Winnie the Pooh to teach Taoist principles.  The book is a quick and easy read, as I am sure the author intended as way to reflect his subject matter.  Tao or "the Way" has always been a somewhat mysterious and inaccessible philosophy for me.  Perhaps that's the result of my over-westernized mind.  Whenever I read a treatise on the Tao, I am always left with the feeling that I have only touched the surface of the teaching and that I would need to enroll in a some long term course before I get it.  This book leaves me with the same feeling.  I did, however, glean some important teachings, like how one must try to stick to his own nature, how it's better to go with the flow than to be hyperorganized, and how our culture's acquisitiveness has resulted in mindless consumerism and the threat to our planet's viability.  I was also impressed by the teaching on Tai Chi, where practitioners do not confront force with force but use deflection and evasive tactics to overcome their enemy, a technique that should be used more often in other areas of life.  So, maybe I did get more than I expected. In any case, it's fun and comforting to have Winnie the Pooh and his character friends on the journey to learning the Tao.  Read and enjoy.
I used this for background information on the development of communities of practice within airlines.  Good examples of how the airline runs.
Just Java is one of the rare programming books that cut to the chase and get to the point in the first sentence.  There are two major pitfalls for all technical books: getting caught up in the nuts and bolts, making an otherwise interesting topic read like a Chilton manual, and getting caught up in controversial abstract design philosophies.  The author has a knack for avoiding both these flaws.Just Java is the icing on the cake, the fun stuff that doesn't bog down too quickly.  It's not the book to buy if you want an indepth explanation of concurrency.  But it is the book to buy if you have a job interview next week and want to know a little about everything.It's a fun book to read.  I'm reading it just out of a comp sci bachelor's degree.  It's serving as great spackling for filling in all those areas I somehow missed in school.  I wouldn't necessarily call it a reference.  It's more like the wikipedia - an introduction on any given topic with hints on where to learn more.The examples are in awful shape.  There's a metadata directory that I hoped would have an eclipse project file in it.  No such luck.  (Something to consider next time guys?)  So far, I have found about a half dozen syntax errors in the code and maybe as many stylistic errors.  That's common for technical books unfortunately.Good book.
This is my second read through of Outlander. And surely it is not the last. This is escapism at its finest.
This is a very civilized story with a terrible premise. Some Americans have said it is a silly book but Europeans who lived through a similar process feel it is a great book. The book, the times, and the difference of opinions make for a interesting read.
This is a good book to learn navigation for both beginners or the experienced.  Size and weight also make it portable if needed in your ruck.
A boy with no scent.From the minute his mom left him in the streets of Paris until the end of his life he continued to be unusual, others did not want him, people did not know how to approach him, and his looks scared people away.One of the most fascinating books I ever read. A book that talks about a genius (others could differ) that is able to create the most amazing scents in the most creative way, would do the impossible, the unheard of to get to self-satisfaction, and to the ultimate desire (scent).You won't be able to put the book down; you would be amazed how all France kneeled to him without even wanting it. How his mistakes were forgiven, how luck turned his way, and how his story is just so unusual.How far can a person can go has no boundaries...
Jane Howard celebrates her thirteenth birthday with her family when she makes a cryptic comment that no one is happy.  The next morning her dad quoting her profound statement on happiness leaves.Jane internalizes what happened, blaming herself.  She locks away her feelings and turns to the academic world for sustenance.  At Harvard she has an affair with her married thesis adviser, who dies in an accident; which affirms her belief people leave.  Jane makes a fortune in the finance world, but turns to teaching at a minor Boston university.  She falls in love with film archivist Theo and they have a child, but he steals her money while running off with his new partner.  Once again Jane learns men leave.  However, she finds a new interest a child-murder investigation in Calgary.A lot happened to Jane but she courageously  is accepting that sh*t happens as That's Life (Sinatra), but what makes her an admirable heroine is that "Each time I find myself flat on my face I pick myself up and get back in the race"; she never quits.  Readers will root for Jane who tells her entertaining tale in which "Some people get their kicks stompin' on a dream But I don't let it, let it get me down."  That's Life.Harriet Klausner
When I was younger, in elementary and middle school, I devoured Sharon Creech books. I loved them all-The Wanderer, Walk Two Moons, Chasing Redbird, Ruby Hollow-but I especially loved this one. I've read this book probably upwards of 20 times in my life, but it doesn't get old. Dinnie is a great character and I love the story. It's fun and leaves you feeling happy. All in all, it's a great read.
The book was a very good book just a bit redundant. It could have been as good with less repetition!
I confess:  I came very, very close to wall-banging this one at the end of Part II, approximately 200 pages into my read.  I had simply had enough of the shallow, self-serving main character, Robert Merivel.  His incessant need to be loved by King Charles II had led him to marry the king's mistress in order to give her a "legitimate" name (and also allowing him to line his pockets rather nicely).  All well and good, but Robert kept searching for a calling in his own shallow way, first through painting (for which he apparently had no affinity) and then through music (with only moderately better results).  Robert is actually a little surprised and upset to realize he'd been chosen to marry Charles's mistress simply because he was so foolish; that self-same foolishness leads him to believe he's falling in love with her, and he makes a rough pass that leads the king to take away all he's given.  It was at this point that I threw up my hands and said, "Enough!"  Though well-written, I was so irritated with Robert that I just couldn't face more of his whining lack of self-awareness.And then...I visited Amazon and read a few reviews, which led me to realize that perhaps there was hope for Robert's metamorphosis yet.  So I decided to give poor Robert one more chance, and I am most glad I did!  Robert finds himself, as a former physician, thrust amid a group of Quakers who tend the mad.  Through his closest friend, Pearce, Robert rediscovers his need to heal and the rewards of thinking beyond himself.  Robert does not entirely give up his former ways, but there is growth and responsibility and ultimate tragedy that lead him back to the King and forward in growing up. I'm still not sure what to think of the ending, however; it seems ambiguous to me.I am pleased that I decided to finish this book in order to learn what became of Robert, and I liked that each of the three parts seem to section off his life very well.  This novel is well done and thought-provoking, and ultimately a very worthwhile read.
One Day She'll Darken: The Mysterious Beginnings of Fauna HodelThis is a complex read.  There are many characters all with very similar sounding Latin names.  Keeping tract of everyone is half the fun.  Of course, like all of McCullough's books, they are very well written. If you want to know what it was like in Ancient Rome, then this is a place to start.
A good read with periods or exciting prose. At times it seemed that the impossible situation could not be resolved, and then the tide of battle shifted to make escape possible. Looking forward to the further adventures of Sharp!
William O'Neil the author has just published his magnum opus and its a wonderful book to show the small investor how to attain wealth in an effective and systematic fashion.This book is a guide to understand how the Stock Market really works.  William O'Neil perfected his CAN-SLIM method in the 1960's to make himself a multi-millionaire.  He felt that his investment system was something most people could learn so he launched a newspaper in 1984 called Investment Business Daily (IBD) to teach small investors how to invest well and increase their net worth significantly.During the go-go Bull market years of the 1990's IBD reached a subscription level of over 300,000 subscribers and competed head-on the the venerable and established Wall Street Journal (WSJ). I am convinced IBD is the superior newspaper because it specifically teaches the small investor how to outperform Mutual Funds by using the small investor's main advantage - the ability to get in and out of the market quickly.  This advantage when properly used allows the small investor to avoid the major damage of a huge Bear market downturn such as in the case of 2001-2002 and also in 2008. Mutual Funds being so heavily invested with billions of dollars of stocks are not so nimble; consequently they usually take heavy losses during large market downturns such as in 2008.His system is called CAN-SLIM. It is a complex set of rules; so allow yourself two years to learn the basics. You will have to master the reading of technical charts and understand fundamentals of various  companies.  You need to understand concepts such as Sales, Earnings, Return on Equity (ROE) , how Mutual Funds operate, accumulations, distributions, relative price strength (RPS), cups and handles, breakouts, 50-day moving averages, base failures, puts, calls, pivot points, double bottoms, growth stocks vs value stocks, accumulation days etc.  Understanding these concepts is not for the faint hearted; there is a lot to learn.O'Neil will show you the way with his book.  Unfortunately the rules are very, very counter-intuitive and contrary to so called "conventional investment wisdom" and what most investment pundits advise.  It will probably go against everything you have been taught in life. That is why most people have difficulty applying CAN-SLIM methods because it is so counter-intuitive.  For example: What really works well is to buy high and sell higher.  We are conditioned to buy low and sell high.  This latter approach is not effective in the stock market but most people buy in the "conventional wisdom" manner and in many cases get clobbered. 98 % of individual investors buy stocks this way and it is not effective.  You also need to know when the Bear Market is coming so you can exit and go to cash for safety.  IBD provides the early warning indicators when the Bear is near.There is much to learn in order to win against the Stock Market and how it really works.  But it can be done ! To do so you need to be a hard worker and be able to learn from your mistakes.  Learning CAN-SLIM is similar to learning upper-level math courses such as statistics.  There are no royal roads or shortcuts in learning and applying CAN-SLIM rules.  It is not an easy subject to learn. You should also have access to the Enhanced Daily Graphs to see both the Fundamental and Technical Analysis displayed on one page. You will need these tools to win this financial war; these tools provide the key financial intelligence to let you know what is really occurring in the world of the stock market.I also recommend you keeping notes in a journal of some type.  This will help you to learn the skills needed. You must also develop a skill in reading the charts to understand the psychology of what is happening in the market place. There are about 100 charts of past winners to study which provide the guide for picking future stock winners if you are able to recognize the patterns. If you can read the past history well you can predict the future. It will appear like you are looking at Latin and Greek symbols at first and will seem unintelligible for awhile but after much practice you will readily start seeing patterns. These patterns provide the entry and exits points for effective stock buys.Why is learning this method so hard ?  Here are some of the key CAN-SLIM rules that must be mastered if you do not want to financially hurt by the Stock Market:1)  Buy stocks above $ 20 per share at the optimum pivot point in a buying surge during a strong Bull Market and sell at a higher price.2)  Always cut your losses at 7 - 8 % when buying.(Most important rule).3)  If initially successful; pyramid your buying up.4)  Stay in cash during a Bear Market.5)  Never argue with the Stock Market; it is always right.6)  Concentrate your stock buying and watch your stocks closely.7)  Do not over diversify.8)  Read the investment classics by Jesse Livermore, Gerald Loeb, Benard Baruch and Nicolas Darvas.  They are the pioneers in this field and the teachers that William O'Neil discovered after reviewing over 2000 stock investment books in the early 1960's. Only few authors such as Jesse Livermore and Gerald Loeb were deemed worthwhile. William O'Neil learned their methods, added some of his findings and crafted their wisdom into a complete and effective but complicated system called CAN-SLIM.9) Keep your ego in check. Stay objective. Don't celebrate too much when you win; Don't get depressed when you get losses.10) Keep your gains big & Keep your losses small.11) Buy high and sell higher (very counter-intuitive !)12) High diversification of stocks ensures mediocrity; Concentration in the right stocks leads to large gains.13) Yearly gains of 20 - 100 % are possible in strong Bull markets while in Bear Markets your capital is preserved.I have also subscribed to the Wall Street Journal (WSJ) for twenty (20) years. But the WSJ does not provide the information that is in IBD.  IBD is unique and is an investment education conduit for people who are active learners and who wish to increase their net worth significantly.The WSJ has some good in-depth articles on business news but doesn't inform the small investor when to be in or out the market or how to pick the best growth stock leaders.  This is the gap which IBD fills ! I am convinced IBD is by far the more valuable newspaper for the small investor.Effective use of the IBD tools is like a financial light sabre that will allow you to make significant financial gains especially in the first year of a strong Bull Market.These methods are for those who do not mind hard work. You must be able to learn from your mistakes and be tenacious in learning the complexities of the Stock Market.  If you are looking for an easy way to make significant money you need to look elsewhere.  You will not be happy trying to learn very complex and counter-intuitive concepts.  If do you pursue this study; it will probably take you at least 2 years to learn CANSLIM well.  It is an art as well as a science.What about actual results ?  I am a Chief Engineer in Aerospace and the skills and knowledge I have picked up in the last 5 years with O'Neil's system has added about $100,000 each year to my savings since 2006. The time I spend on it each week is about 3 to 4 hours so it is like having a second job. I have not quit my day job but with the extra savings I have more peace of mind and with three children to send thru college in the near future I am confident I will be able to do so. In short - I may not be on easy street yet but I feel like I am out of the salt mines.  This CANSLIM approach has worked well for me and I hope to improve my skills in it by continued study. I plan to get better at this. This system does work well.Thank you Mr. O'Neil......you are a great teacher and wonderful philanthropist for the small investor.  Highest recommendation for you, the reader to use this system to make money in the stock market.
This is my number one fav, all time author and this series is the best story i have ever read  Characters become your family!
J . Salinger - The Catcher in the RyeHis first novel  , The Catcher in the Rye published in 1951 established J.D.Salinger `s success as a novelist . Inspite of its success the novel was criticized because of the colloquial  language used in it ,full with lots of slang words and expressions .  The  book describes a  teenager`s weekend in New York .The hero , Holden  Caulfield is not an ordinary teenager because he is a neurotic person and  he cannot adapt to the complex society in which he lives . All he wants is  a simple kid of life , in the country side , being a kind of modern  Huckleberry Finn , in look for the American Dream .Holden is not a  brilliant student , at school all he likes is the English literature . This  is one of the reasons he is expelled from the school . After this event ,  Haulden decided to stay by himself in New York up to the moment holiday  would start .  Holden is a very sensitive teenager  and after his  adventures in New York he finally comes to reject the adult`s world  , a  world which he consider to be &quot; phony &quot;  Under his bad manners  and bad behaviour ,Holden hides an essential purity and innocence .
A Codex is the earliest form of book. That is a series of pages sewn together, usually with a spine and a cover. The codex form replaced the scroll as the most common form of manuscript in the early Christian period.Lev Grossman uses this as center stage in this book about a mystery in three parts: the codex itself, the computer game, the character.The character is interesting as he is an ordinary person, not a bibliophile. But as he delves further into the manuscript he becomes adicted (as all of us visiting this web site probably are).The computer game seems to be an analogy of the book. I can sit and read for hours, engrossed in a novel or a history. My son cannot, but give him a computer game and he gets the same glassy eyed look.Finally there's the Codex itself. An ancient manuscript that may or may not exist, and I'll leave that part to you.
You will want to stay away from the coffee while reading this one----it will come out of your nose!  In fact, I rented the audio book for a trip (I had already read the book) and almost had to pull over to the side of the road for laughing so hard.  Don't wait until December to read this----it's funny all year 'round.
This is my second reading (the other was the 2nd edition) of How to Make Money in Stocks within two weeks. What is different this time is that I made extensive notes from each chapter and typed them up. Now, I will begin studying the CAN SLIM system and start applying them to see if it works. The biggest improvement of this book from the 2nd edition is the introduction of Investor's Business Daily newspaper and website and how they work. I just recently enrolled myself for a free trial for both, and I like the website but haven't received a copy of the paper yet. So far, I really like the book, and I can see the wisdom contained within the book. I haven't yet begun buying stocks on a full-scale because I want to be a student of the market first in order to arm myself with necessary knowledge and tools. All in all, I am glad to have discovered How to Make Money in Stocks the first time around at a cheap price which was a buck and the more I read the book, the more informative it is.
Never have I read such a novel as cathartic and therapeutic as Silko's "Ceremony".  I first encountered it in an English Lit. class in college.  As 'sophomoric' as I thought I was at the time, it was not until a few years later that I reread the novel and fully grasped what was being said through the protagonist Tayo and his actions."Ceremony" is a journey of the soul, a Bataan Death March that we are all forced to experience at some point or another in our lives.  That is what makes this novel timeless and accessible to us all.  Leslie Marmon Silko, who I believe won a literary award for this novel, opens the heart and mind of the reader to a theme which has been recorded since the ancient Greeks (see Aeschylus' "Oresteia"), that of mathos through pathos, enlightenment through suffering.Having already paid a heavy price as a veteran of WWII, Tayo returns to the suffering of his tribe.  It is then that Tayo is able to recover what he never knew he had lost, his heritage and soul that was intricately linked to everyone and everything around him.  The author attacks the demons plaguing Tayo with the rich symbolism in Native American culture (pay particular attention to the use of yellow and blue colors) and the aid of an enigmatic medicine man.  Silko's weapons are in Native American song and myth, histories that empower Tayo to fight the state of mind that oppresses the Laguna Pueblo people on his reservation.  With this, Tayo is able to finish his Bataan Death march once and for all, his past behind him, and his heart born again as true a Native American.
Most of us probably have had the unpleasant experience of being collared by a friend who is intent on sharing the details of some passion --- whether it's golf, stamp collecting or scuba diving --- about which we know little and care less. As a non-runner, I approached Haruki Murakami's memoir with some of the trepidation that attends those conversations. Instead I found a spritely, engaging story of one writer's quarter-century encounter with serious running and how that pursuit has threaded its way meaningfully through his life. Focusing in the main on the period from August 2005 through the New York City Marathon on November 6, 2005 (his 24th marathon since 1982), Murakami blends snippets of autobiography, descriptions of his running life and insights on the craft of writing into an entertaining mix.Murakami, author of critically acclaimed and popular novels like THE WIND-UP BIRD CHRONICLE and KAFKA ON THE SHORE, started running at the age of 33, turning to it as casually as he apparently did writing ("One day, out of the blue, I wanted to write a novel. And one day, out of the blue, I started to run --- simply because I wanted to."). Refreshingly, he's no proselytizer for the sport, conceding that "I've tried my best never to say something like, Running is great. Everybody should try it. If some people have an interest in long-distance running, just leave them be, and they'll start running on their own."Departing from the central time frame of the memoir (the origin of whose title should be readily known to fans of Raymond Carver, for whose work he confesses his admiration and which he has translated into Japanese), Murakami provides a lyrical account of his first "marathon," one that took him backwards on the original route, from Athens to Marathon (in fact, one mile shorter than the standard marathon distance of 26.2 miles) in the searing heat of a Greek summer. He describes his single ultramarathon (62 miles, completed in 11 hours and 42 minutes) in such grim detail as to make one question the sanity of anyone running such a race. While doing so, he brings to bear the novelist's keen eye for detail in describing the closing stretch of the race: "Evening had come on...and the air had a special clarity to it. I could also smell the deep grass of the beginning of summer. I saw a few foxes, too, gathered in a field. They looked at us runners curiously. Thick, meaningful clouds, like something out of a nineteenth century British landscape painting, covered the sky."Murakami hasn't confined his athletic activities to long-distance running. In the 1990s he competed in his first triathlon. His account of the training to overcome the panic he experienced at the beginning of the swimming leg in an event in 2000, ultimately disqualifying him, is both candid and instructive. In the final triathlon described in the book, he makes gentle sport of how the Vaseline he applied to make his swimsuit easier to remove fogged his swimming goggles and how his shoelaces became untied during the running leg.Although Murakami offers brief glimpses into the subjects that engage him and his view of the writing craft ("manual labor," as he describes it at one point), there's no strained effort here to draw parallels between his running and writing lives or to import cosmic lessons from one realm to the other. More by indirection, he hints at the ways in which similar qualities --- dogged persistence, attention to detail, a willingness to press on in a solitary way through extended periods of effort --- inform and enrich both pursuits.Although he admits to something of a prickly nature, Murakami's tone throughout is self-effacing, even self-critical at times. He's a realist about the ravages of age: "Even when I grow old and feeble, when people warn me it's about time to throw in the towel, I won't care. As long as my body allows, I'll keep on running." And while he hopes to pursue his passions for many years, he has already decided he wants to be buried under a tombstone that reads, in part, "At Least He Never Walked."Murakami's small memoir didn't inspire me to leap from my chair and lace up my Nikes, but you don't have to be a runner to enjoy this reflective book by one of Japan's most prominent contemporary novelists.--- Reviewed by Harvey Freedenberg
I found this book slow going and difficult to get into.  It did improve slightly but didn't do wonders for me.
Mary Renault has no rival when it comes to classical historical fiction. Her prose pulses with grace and sincerity. On one level, the novel is a love story between two men during turbulent times. Her interpretation of the relationship between men in ancient Greece is thoughtful and engaging. While the relationship between Alexias and Lycis has its physical elements, it is predominantly based on friendship, admiration, and a protege-mentor bond. Keep in mind that women and men led radically different lives, and for the most part women were considered the property of men. It was hard for a man to have a satisfying relationship with a woman because they had nothing in common. It makes sense that men would reach out to other men--not only because they were often away during years of warring, but because they shared the same experiences.On another level, it is an ideal snapshot of a time and a place, complete with appearances from Socrates, Plato, Xenophon, and others. Anyone who wants to know more about ancient Greece and the Peloponnesian Wars should read this novel. Additionally, anyone who wants to read compelling fiction should pick it up and anything else by Renault.
This is easily one of the most influential books I've ever read.  It is a follow-on of sorts to Postman's earlier book, Technopoly, in which he argued that the USA was the first-ever society that could be described by the title -- a society with no culture apart from the tools it uses.In this book, Postman opens by comparing and contrasting Orwell's (1984) and Huxley's (Brave New World) visions of the future and asserting that it was Huxley who was more correct -- that we would not be tyrannized to death by Big Brother but amused to death by Bread and Circuses.Backed up by many statistics and insightful anecdotes, Postman traces America's shift from a word-based to an image-based culture, in which we as a society are being rendered more and more incapable of engaging in serious public discourse on complex issues because we have been trained for arguments to be "won" by sound bites.While many parents are leery of "too much entertainment" on television and seek to limit daily consumption to the news, Postman argues that this is exactly backwards -- that as an image-based medium, television is perfect for entertainment, and not much else.  That when the boob tube seeks to package itself as capable of conveying meaningful information (e.g., the daily news), it is at its worst.  When an entire culture mistakenly believes it can abandon word-based media for an image-based medium to carry on its serious public discourse, culture death is a real possibility.I can't recommend this book highly enough.
If you want to get some quick "tricks" about how to become rich next month from trading, this is the wrong book for you. It is a great book that deepens my understanding of trading philosophy. If you are serious enough and are willing to invest time and money into trading, you'll learn a lot from this book. However this is not a book for beginner and I recommend it to people who have actual trading experience or already read some other books (like O'Neil's how to make money in stocks).  The only reason I gave four stars instead of five is about the writing. Of course the author is a great author, but some times uses advanced expression or analogy, which makes it a little difficult to read for a non-English speaker like me.
Please read this book. You will appreciate it on many levels. This book is a must for any new parents. The information is a life safer for everybody.As well i find out these books which have a very valuable information we must know:The Poisoned Needle: Suppressed Facts about VaccinationThe Vaccination Myth: Courageous MD exposes the Vaccination Fraud!Vaccination Horror: An anthology of important works on vaccination pseudoscienceVaccination: Spreading Leprosy and DeathVaccination: State sponsored Murder
Lots of obscure and strange formulas that actually came in quite handy for Classical Mechanics, and will surely come in handy later.
THE VILE VILLAGE is the seventh book in the Series of Unfortunate Events which focuses on the lives of Violet, Klaus, and Sunny Baudalaire. In this new chapter of their lives the three Baudalaire orphans find themselves unwanted by any of their relatives because of their recent &quot;unfortunate events&quot;. However the get the good news or you can consider it bad news that the village of V.F.D whose motto is &quot;IT TAKES A VILLAGE TO RAISE A CHILD&quot; wants to adopt them. The orphans are excited as they embark on their new journey as they very well know that this village might hold the secrets to the Quagmire triplet's secret about V.F.D.However when they arrive there they find thousands of crows to greet them and thounsands of ridiculous rules they have to follow. Plus the three of them have to do all the chores they village elders require them. It seems the only person who actrully accepts the orphans to care for is the village keeper named Hector. However he isn't much help because he gets skittish around the village elder for their stupid rules. The good thing is that he keeps a secret inventing studio and a secret library( which by the way are against the rules in V.F.D.) for Violet and Klaus to enjoy. The plot thickens when they kids find couplets written by Isable Quagmire under the tree next to Hecoter's shack and then the three Baudlaires get the news that Count Olaf(Known in V.F.D. as Count Omar) has been captured. However as all the unfortunate things are for them this one can also be counted for this Count Olaf is false. Before the kids can get information about him he is mysterouisly murdered and guess what? The detective who comes to review the case is no other than Count Olaf in one of his new ridiculous diguises. And he accuses the kids of murder! Can the Baudlaires find a solution to their neverending series of unfortunate events?This 7th book was totally genious by Lemony Snicket! It is one of my favorites. The 8th book which I have already read can be said to be even better. However let me warn you if you hate bad and unfortunate endings don't read these books!!!! Listen to the author's advice!
The mere title of this book and knowing that the author wrote " Traders, Guns and Money" was enough to get me to read this book about the last few years and the rise of the use of money not as capital, but as a commodity.This book didn't disappoint.  The author, who has a background in financial trading, is like Virgil leading Dante through the gates of hell as we visit different circles of the suffering.  By suffering, I think we can define this as the suckers who purchased stock in companies engaged in that new fascination, "financial engineering."  The narrative is similar to Dante's version of hell because we visit many different scenes of the engineering and the damage it wrought.  Tranches, default swaps, looting of companies by officers that only had their interests in mind, it is here.The narrative is not especially organized as a chronological discussion, but rather as vignettes of all the scenes of the last few years building up to the crisis the world still finds itself in and the lack of empathy felt by the participants.  It is certainly maddening to read how stock and currency has been hijacked by people that feel it is better to make money from commoditizing returns instead of making money from capital return.I greatly enjoyed this book and found the stories that author included are very informative.  I would think the book would appeal to anyone with an interest in the current economic environment.  The book certainly held my interest and was a worthwhile, though maddening read.
Great historical and worldwide perspective on the &#34;Eastern&#34; half of the Catholic church.Most-removed from modern analysis of religions, these sects contain a myriad of insight into how the Church became as it is today, fragmented almost beyond belief, as a result of the all-too-human need for power and wealth of individuals and nations.
And just when I thought I was getting used to the creep factor brought on by most dystopian novels, I read this.Okay, so it could be worse. But not by much. Picturing a society where every woman's movements are so controlled they've had to do their best to make sure there's no way they can commit suicide, throw in all the forced attempts at pregnancy and tearing apart of families and . . well, I don't really want to list everything in the novel, but, goodness. Margaret Atwood sure knows how to create the perfect imperfect world. Ha.While I can definitely appreciate the books that have more symbols and other devices imbedded within the work, The Handmaid's Tale makes it fairly easy to pick out what's important and what can be discarded. The narrator herself-and we never learn her true name-comments on how this or that now means something else, and the ironic tones are never left untouched for long. Thank goodness.Originally, I was disappointed and frustrated with the ending, for reasons I won't specify for fear of giving anything away. But, thinking back on it now, it's perfect. I don't think I'd have wanted it to be any different, if I could change it myself, and after this reflection, I'm glad that I can't. Score one for Margaret Atwood!I think what makes this book so appealing, so powerful, is the knowledge that something like this might actually happen. Maybe not exactly this; it's impossible to predict the future. But it's easier to take away liberties than to hand them out, and it's not hard to imagine a world, years from now, with a more controlling government (a more censored internet?) and a whole lot of creepiness. Everywhere. And while dystopian authors might be trying to warn us, or entertain us, or try to prove some other point altogether, I think all that matters is picking up a book (like this: it's worth it, I swear) and learning something from it. Something positive, hopefully. I don't want to go around telling people to get bad habits . .Heh. Like the habits they wear in this book.Anyway, go read this. Not everyone has a school to force them to, so use that free will of yours, and give into peer pressure. About books like this, at least.
I love the premise, the start, and the detailed development of European police procedure. However, after a few chapters I bogged down in the pacing of this novel. It seemed to take Wallander forever even to get the case, and let alone solve it. I was caught by the detail of life so different from mine and yet frustrated by the pacing of the book and lack of focus. Occasional beautiful writing kept me going in spite of these mixed emotions.I also found the writer indulged himself with "telling" rather than "showing" especially regarding Wallander's plodding and disorganized solving of the crime. His thoughts were baldly stated. Being a crime writer myself I kept saying aloud, "for God's sake, man" and "hurry it up" as Wallander's car broke down yet again and several pages were wasted in the barren and unpronounceable landscape of a Swedish winter.That said, I finished it. And that's huge for me with my own writing and two jobs. I am left hoping Wallander gets his dog and absentee girlfriend, and a vacation. Oh and some PTSD counseling would be nice.
If you are looking for how to do data modelling and working with data represented in trees and hierarchies, then you have found the right book.  The book assumes you have a decent background with SQL but the SQL concepts are layout cleanly and easy to understand.The strength of the book is really to show you where to start dealing with trees and hierarchies.  I found it to be eye-opening as I had not thought of representing the data in the way the book presents.  The concepts are not hard but the value of the representations is well laid out by the author.  If nothing else, the book is a good way to help you rethink about how you approach SQL and what it can do for you.I would recommend this to people starting out as DBA as well as programmers who deal with data and databases.  The concepts are helpful in framing solutions as you think about how to arrange and access data.
I bought this book a while back and found it be one of the most comprehensive of its kind. It has a respected space on my bookshelf. It covers other cultures as well as many human signals that one might not think about, like submissive , cut-off, and displacement signals. There's so many in this book!!Did you know that if a man's face turns red during a confrontation, he's probably less dangerous as a man's face that turns pale, since the blood is being moved to the muscles prepping them for physical action? I didn't read the whole book yet, but I've gotten through many chapters and found it absolutely fascinating! I took an animal behavior course in college and this definitely tops it as it actually has theoretical relevance to humans.Desmond Morris does it again with this brilliant book !
Like a good programmer, Bruce Blinn writes his book very efficiently. He describes the command brieflythen uses well-thoughtout examples to show the power of that command and the 'gotchas'. He groups thecommands and points out differences between similar tools (like  single v double quotes v brackets )He also textually hyperlinks you to other chapters in the book for further reference when a subject is referencedbut not covered at that time.While the book is only about 250 pages (including 5 blank pages for your own notes), Bruce covers all thegood stuff. If you want the info, get it here. If you more words for your money, there are other books for that.For the gentleman who asked about Chapters -Chap 1  Shell SyntaxChap 2  Shell VariablesChap 3  Shell Functions &amp; Built-in CommandsChap 4  Using FilesChap 5  The EnvironmentChap 6  Parsing Command-Line ParametersChap 7  Using Filters  [sed, awk, ed. Get O'Reillys Sed &amp; Awk]Chap 8  Shell Utilities [Arith, String, UserInput, etc]Chap 9  Example  Shell Functions [GetYesNo etc]Chap 10 Examples Shell ScriptsChap 11 DebuggingChap 12 PortabilityChap 13 Command Q&amp;AAppendix A - Comparison of UNIX shellsAppendix B - Syntax SummaryIndex
This story is incredibly well written, about a young boy named Luke.  By the age of eight, Luke has witnessed two murders and the birth of a baby. His family lives on a cotton farm, and this year the crop is not going to make it. The graphic descriptions of the intense labor young Luke endures while picking cotton with the hired Mexicans and hill people, peppered with humor and good story telling, is enough in itself to keep the reader enthralled. But John Grisham takes the story further, telling us about Pappy and Gran, who live on the farm with Luke and his parents and who become loving, warm characters that will live in your heart long after you have read this book. It is a story of intense love, of willful and comical disobedience, of unshared and shared secrets, and it is a story that will invite you in and give you a cup of coffee.  Luke's house has never been painted, and an evil comment by one of the hill  people about the unpainted house leaves Luke with a bitter taste in his mouth. When the only hill person to be liked in this story, a handicapped boy named Trot, takes it upon himself to paint the house, it falls to young Luke to finish the job. The storytelling begins, encircles, and ends with the painting of this much loved home, but John Grisham paints more than the house. He paints the Mexicans, the hill people who come for the summer months to help pick cotton, the poverty-stricken neighbors, and even the Uncle who is at war in Korea that never actually enters the story.  There will be no doubt in your mind that John Grisham is capable of writing in any genre, and you will enjoy and remember this story for years to come.
This is one of these books that are on what I call the "Moby D" list.There are book and movies that you have to read  and or see so that you can be a well rounded individual. At least in theory. I plan to make another list of books that everyone should read before they die. This is one of them so hop to it. Insightful and endearing and a easy read for a young adult. Great character studies.
What a wonderful picture of small town America! Great character development, funny, scary, poignant and very hard to put down. Touching - I'm sorry it's over.
This book is magical!  Within its pages I have discovered that the health of my relationships is 100% my responsibility.  From this viewpoint, I am no longer a victim, but now the author of my life.My husband & I used to bicker before we discovered authors Ariel & Shya Kane, and their insight on relating.  We have learned the art of listening and our 8 year relationship has blossomed into a beautiful marriage.  We just got married this past summer.  Our relationship continues to expand with ease and love, and we give credit to what we have learned from the ideas in this magnificent book.If you have been searching for the consistent sense of well-being within yourself and all your relationships, this is the book for you!
[...] (google maps location showing Macedon Regional Park - home to Victoria State's famous Hanging Rock).The story is set on Valentine's Day 1900.  But please be aware that despite popular rumour, this is purely a work of fiction.  Though in reality Hanging Rock really is a haunting place - a labyrinth of natural stone stairways and hidey holes - it is easy to let your imagination get away with you when you picnic there.  It is a very popular picnic destination for Australians living in Melbourne, Victoria due to the legend of the book and it's incredible natural beauty.  Visitors are able to climb up to the rock and explore the area themselves - though it really feels sometimes that if you took a wrong turn you too could find yourself mysteriously disappeared!  Worth a visit if you ever come to Australia.As a child growing up in Victoria, I was convinced that this was a true story - but it is definitely a wonderful work of local FICTION that is worth reading.
I loved Days with Frog and Toad when I was a child.  I purchased this book to use in my classroom this year.  My students loved the book.
I purchased this book after I had been trading options for approximately 2  years.  I found the descriptions of option strategies very helpful and have  incorporated several of them in my personal investing.  It won't make you a  better investor all by itself (you still have to pick the right options and  underlying stocks), but it does provide you with useful ideas about how to  invest to take advantage of your personal investment outlook and minimize  risks.I have read at least six books on option trading and this is one  of only two that I return to frequently.
Okay, folks, this is how you "read" Finnegans Wake.  First, you read Shakespeare, preferably Hamlet, start with Cliff's Notes.  Then you read the encyclopedia blurb on Vico, the author.  Then you read everything you can find on Finnegans Wake in your local half-price book store, and maybe two or three current books on Finnegans Wake from Amazon or one of the big box stores.  Then read Joseph Campbell's books on James Joyce and Finnegans Wake.  Finally read Harold Bloom's Western Canon.  Once you have read those books -- then place Finnegans Wake by your bedside and read a bit every night.  Don't start at the beginning.  Start anywhere.  Harold Bloom will guide you.  But read a paragraph or two each session, and then spend about an hour trying to sort out the puns, the historical references, the inside jokes, the psycho-social-sexual history of Joyce, and you will never tire of picking up the Wake again.  And that's it.  They should never assign Finnegans Wake to high school students.  I agree with earlier reviewer:  Finnegans Wake is for those who have tired of reading novels.  But once you "read" Finnegans Wake you will go back to "classic" novels and read them with more enjoyment. [Update: having just completed the biography of Lucia Joyce (his daughter) by Carol Loeb Shloss confirms my impression of "Finnegans Wake." As Ms Shloss states, "FW" may be the most remarkable book every written.  But I wonder if "Ulysses" isn't the better of the two with regard to character development, etc?]
This book was #1 for a reason - it is simple, easy to understand, and makes us confront our fear of change head on.  Most of us are faced with change that was caused by forces outside our control, and yet, the book reminds us that we need to adapt, take control, take action and embrace the change.It is rather smplistic, and certainly leaves something to be desired in the change management department. But having just experienced some of the most challenging times in by 15 years in business, the book provided a little pick me up and a reminder that we need to keep moving.A good read for those displaced during the current economic challenges as well, it is a reminder that there is something out there - we just need to keep running through he maze. (As frustrating and scary as it may be)
I read this book for my pharm class in Medical school it was good read and it is high yield and every you need to know for the exams and step 1 exam. be sure to buy the newly updated one. the questions at the end of the chapters really helped prepped me for my pharm exams i had. great book must have....
I was totally engrossed in this book from the very first pages. The writing style is engaging and captures your attention throughout. The constant references to real situations help bolster the author's position.I walked away from this book with a heightened appreciation and understanding of what makes some things more memorable than others. It has helped me with my business marketing efforts and has enabled me to take a more critical look at not only my own advertising but also of my competition.I think this book would be enjoyable to read and would provide great insight even to people not involved in marketing. The principles outlined in this book can be of great benefit to anyone who communicates with anyone else... that includes just about everyone I guess. Really enjoyed this book.
If you're a Mets fan, or even a baseball fan who wants to relive a year in depth, you'll like this book.  It's from a time that is as far removed from today as the pre-Curt Flood era was back in 1985.  It may not seem like that much time has gone by, but it has.  Hernandez' book, a diary of sorts, does a good job of recreating the mood of the mid-1980's baseball atmosphere.The 1985 Mets were a great team.  Many Met fans consider the 1985 team the best of those great 1980's Mets teams (remember, there was no wild card back in those days to fall back on).  This was an era when you saw the same players suiting up for your rivals year after year.  Met fans knew that Tommie Herr, Willie McGee, Ozzie Smith, and Jack Clarke were going to be in the Cardinals lineup each year.  There were 2 divisions in each league, no wildcard, the format that had existed since 1969.  It seems like yesterday, but in reality, it was another baseball era.Hernandez' diary does a good job of talking about his ups and downs, the teams ups and downs, and the behind-the-scenes stuff (including his cocaine problems and the labor dispute that year).  He talks about his batting slumps, comically disses certain players, talks about the difference in team pre-game attitudes when a star pitcher (Gooden) takes the mound versus a journey man starter, etc.  Hernandez does a good job of recreating the daily atmosphere surrounding the Mets 1985 travails.  My one pique was that there was not as much depth of commentary during a couple of late August and September Met stumbles, and more feedback from Keith on his emotions and the teams following the bitter 3 game season-ending series in St. Louis would have been appreciated (the Mets went to St. Louis near the end of the season needing to sweep all 3 games; they won the first two in dramatic fashion, but lost Game 3).I wish Keith had written this same book a year later when the Mets won it all.  The 1985 Mets were hit by injuries (Strawberry's 6-week absence the most noted) and they finished a narrow 2nd to the St. Louis Cardinals.  1985 was the year that Dwight Gooden had his best year, 24-4 with a 1.53 ERA.  Gooden never dominated again like he did that year or his rookie year the season before, and Met fans always wonder how far that team would have gone if they had made the playoffs that year when Gooden was nearly unhittable and unbeatable.  The probable answer is that they would have breezed through the playoffs and the World Series, unlike 1986 when they had titanic struggles.  For reasons that are still endlessly debated on talk shows and in print today, Gooden never again was the pitcher he was in 1985, 1984 (rookie season), or even 1983 (last minor league season).  The strikeouts gained and hits allowed both deteriorated, and even though he was a top-flight pitcher for several more years, he never was the dominant "Doctor K" or "Doc" who electrified Shea Stadium during 1984 and 1985, when fans would rather wait on the food lines when the Mets batted than miss watching Doc blow away enemy batsman and watch "The K Korner" put another notch up.  Hernandez might have reflected on what made the Gooden of 1984 and 1985 so overpowering; perhaps we would have a better idea of why he became merely very good as opposed to dominant.All in all, a good book.  Knowing how the season ends makes the book somewhat anticlimactic for die-hard Mets fans.  The 1985 Mets team was probably man-for-man a better team than the 1986 squad.  But the stars were aligned in 1986, not 1985, so Hernandez book, while fascinating and a good read, has that "if only..." air about it.One More Thing...LETS GO METS!!
Like the best of art, this is a book that can be enjoyed on a low-level  pure-entainment level, and can be enjoyed at five stars.  But it is also  that great art kind of book that can be enjoyed at whatever high level you  might like - this is fantastic literature that be deconstructed, critiqued,  torn apart, and otherwise delved into to find layers and layers and layers  of life meaning in it.What's the highest level/compliment any piece of  artwork can achieve? That it either entertained me greatly, or that it  changed my life in some way. This book works on both levels.I read a lot  on the subway, since I get about an hour a day riding the rails of NYC, and  I read this book mostly on the 1/9 line.  Even though this is a public  space, I laghed out loud numerous times. Some of this book is just plain  outrageously funny - the gut-crunching painful kind of laughter-inducing  humor of Gallagher, Toy Story 2, or the Beavis and Butthead movie.  But  other parts of the book are full of emotion and ennui - the main character  of the book is not altogether psychologically with-it, but yet, he has a  profound and honest insight into a lot of the supidity and cultural BS and  killing-oneself-and-one's-world behavior that so many &quot;sane&quot;  people go after - consumerism, nationalism, idealism, ego gratification,  etc.  And that's the genius of the book - a very intelligent  &quot;hero&quot; who is also a fat, lazy, neurotic can't-hold-a-job  still-living-with-mom loser.I hate to say anything more, because I hate  reviews that tell the story of the book but never comment on the story and  thus ruin all the fun for the reader.  I can't begin to tell you how much I  love this book, and how often while I was reading it that I said to people  &quot;YOU HAVE TO READ THIS BOOK!!&quot; What more do I need to say? Read  this book! It should be in the library of everyone, and is one of those  rare books that I really wish everyone in the country would read. We'd be a  better society if everyone knew it. But alas, 98% of Americans prefer crap  to well-written thinking literature, so this pulitzer winning book is  forever relgated to the bowels of the used bookstores. Shame on you  America, and kudos to those of you who will actually be intelligent to take  this book into your hands and let it change you.
The way men approach sex is very different from the way women approach it, and Butler epitomizes the male approach.A little bit predatory, a little crude, with not a small amount of self-centeredness and condescension, Butler writes lovingly of the smells, tastes and heat of sex.  His tales of pursuit and conquest are the closest thing in print to a real affair.He genuinely loves women -- all women -- and his desire to possess all of them is startlingly real and musky.
I read this book about 2 years ago for Academic Decathlon and it is a wonderful book. It introduces you to entirely different era, atmosphere, culture and belief system. It really makes you think about what it would be like to be oppressed and hated and what it means to fight for something that you believe in.
This is a fascinating book on Jungian thought and his psychological concepts. If you avoid being intimidated by the size of the book, and you methodically go through each page from the beginning to the end, you will grasp the extent and depth of Jung's intellect and ideas.The word "archetype" is used by Jung to describe the concept of the strong unseen influences that result in predictable psychological states. He describes an archetype as psychic in form where instinct and conditioned behaviour can be observed in the behaviour of people. This can be observed in religious symbols, fairytales and stories.Jung describes the existence of three layered psyche consisting of the conscious or active part of the mind, the personal unconscious, that is thinking over which we have little or no control and the collective unconscious, which he describes as animal-instinctive mental activity. The collective unconscious tells us that people are the same at the lowest, biological levels.The book is a must read for those people who want a deeper understanding of their existence and some tools to help them explore the unknown. I recommend reading Jung's works and then compare and contrast them with that of Freud, who uses a different style. Reading these contrasting works should enable one to have a fuller appreciation of their existence.
This is a short book containing a series of articles on modern biotechnology and possible near-term advances. I picked it up primarily because I read a lot of science fiction and the "grabby" title made the book seem like it was going to be an in-depth projection of the next hundred years or so of biotechnology.Most of the book, wasn't that. Most of the book is, instead, a general-audience summary of modern biotechnology, opening with headings like "The Discovery of Antibiotics" or "The DNA Revolution" (presumably to catch everyone up who can't remember high school biology). Several articles then cover the state of modern biotechnology from a scientific and business perspective (apparently, the pharmaceutical industry is under a lot of pressure these days).Only the final two chapters (out of nine, not including appendices) really indulge in actual speculation about what technologies might lead to an average lifespan above 100, and what such an extended general lifespan might mean for society (primarily, in their discussion, Western society).All that said, I'll give the book four stars because the authors clearly know their material and I did learn something new in every chapter (even if  sometimes that something was only "Hey, this person they're citing looks really interesting.") It doesn't make it to five, though, largely because it seems to have never decided on an audience -- it seems too technical for general audience readers, too dumbed-down for technical readers, and with only a bare minimum of the title's promised speculation.
I just thought this book was flat-out funny, for kids and adults.  Although most of the humor is in the pictures, there's a little bit mixed in with the text as well.Before reading this book, I didn't know that most dinosaur skeletons in museums were actually copies of real-life skeletons.  But when you think about it, it makes sense.  I mean, how many complete authentic T-rex skeletons are out there?  Not too many.  Got to have copies if you want people to see skeletons.I kept looking for the author's last name in this book but never found it.And you know, I always thought I'd be a paleontologist when I was a kid, and even though I don't want to be one anymore, it's still fun to read great stuff like this.
I had never read a Sherlock Holmes mystery before, nor had I seen a Sherlock Holmes movie. I picked up this book because I like to inject classic pieces into my reading and this had been recommended to me.This did not disappoint! Although very short - just over 200 pages - this novel has a huge impact. I would say this novel is closer to a thriller/mystery, and it includes a cast of potential villains or heroes, a creepy moor, a spooky house, a mysterious curse, and an overall gothic feel. Even though the language is formal, it is easy to feel engaged and the action sweeps the reader into it.There is an absence of Holmes, which I was not expecting, but it makes his appearances in the book all the more intriguing. I had always thought the character of Dr. Watson was more of a foil or a prop, but he plays a very central figure here and that was interesting.What I truly appreciated in this work is that it is a thinking person's mystery. I usually avoid mysteries, especially modern mysteries, because they aren't challenging and I usually solve them partway through the book. This novel allowed for clues to be given, almost like a puzzle, to be thought over and contemplated. I very much enjoyed that.I can now say that I look forward to enjoying more Sherlock Holmes mysteries! I'm eager to find out how the short stories compare to the novel.
I live and work in Russia, and have been studying the place for 12 years or so. In all that time, because I focus on the here and now, I have always felt that I lacked a real grasp of the history, which I try to fill in from time to time. This book is brilliant on the forty years or so that lead up to 1917. Figes brings you into the two worlds of the revolutionaries and the aristocracy.He is not starry-eyed about any of the participants. He is very clear about how the monarchy failed to reform in time, failed to listen to good advice, and basically brought about its own downfall. He also describes how the Tsarist secret police was just as nasty as its Bolshevik equivalent. All of Russia's totalitarian machinery was in place long before the revolution.He also describes how Russia's peasant culture usurped the Marxist ideals of the revolutionaries. This was a crude egalitarian culture, that punished people who became rich, by stealing or confiscating their property, that tolerated drunken layabouts, and that was generally happy to see no improvement in its standard of living over the course of the 19th century. These Russian peasants deeply distrusted the Bolshevik Jews, especially those who came from the cities to &quot;educate&quot; them.The accounts of the revolution are breathtaking, and all those famous events, like the Cruiser Avrora, are put in their place, as well as descriptions of how the military was mobilised to the side of the Bolsheviks. Figes' history of the First World War, and how it fit into the revolution, was also first-rate.So I would recommend this as a starter to anyone looking to get a grasp of the detailed history of the Bolshevik revolution. It becomes heavy going, as it details the factional fighting of the Bolsheviks post-revolution and post-civil war, and I lost track of who was on who's side. But this is only the last quarter of the book, and the fact is that these events are a lot less exciting than what happened in the first part.I am not a big expert, so I cannot compare this with, say, Pipes' book, which was the standard text when I was a student. My  godfather, who taught Russian history at Oxford for forty years, thinks that Figes' book is the best that he has read. I certainly loved it, and strongly recommend it to anyone thinking about learning about Russia and its history. It's amazing how so much of what happened then is still happening today.
It is instructive with concrete information on how to take meaningful steps on a personal level as well as in larger organizational systems. The writting style of the authors is engaging with real life examples that inspire and keep the book lively.
The writing I didn't find particularly good but the research of the subject Richard lll was fascinating.  With the finding of the remains of King  Richard recently, I searched for this book on Amazon to re-read it.  For those who believe everything they read or hear this book is a salutary lesson.  Don't!.
I saw the film of this story years ago and thought I would read the book.I found it to be a very good story.exciting and up to Frederick Forsyths usual standard.If you are interested in Nazi,s escaping after the war to south America this is the one for you.
This was a very touching and emotional book to read.  I have been to the Holocaust Museum and this too was emotional but reading this book from the eyes of a young boy went beyond words.  It was a very insightful experience -- one that touched my heart.  I could understand his struggle with God and his fear of the enemy.  It was deep and gut wrenching but I was so glad I read it.  Those times should never be forgotten so we make sure they never happen again.  Prejudice, greed and power can be devastating.  I'm grateful to the author for sharing his pain, experience and survival.
This is one of the best books I have read.  This is an interesting, well-written, story of love - love of a twin brother, mother, father, and those around us.  A great tale of the ups and down of life.  It pieces together how seemingly unrelated, unconnected events weave together to become interrelated.  In powerful, remarkable prose, the book tells the story of Ethiopia, India, the U.S., about the have nots, the haves, and the more than equal people.  I came away with the feeling that some events in life are beyond our control, but it is how we react and do the things we have control over.
Robert Merivel, who has studied to be a physician, is appointed, ironically, to be veterinarian for the spaniels of King Charles II, who has recently been restored to the throne following the death of Oliver Cromwell. Merivel enjoys the gaiety and frivolity of court life, and, a bit of a fool, he entertains the king. The king's decision to placate one of his lovers by marrying off his favorite mistress to Robert Merivel, spells the beginning of the end for Merivel's tenuous fortunes. Warned not to fall in love with his wife, Celia Clemence, since the king intends to continue seeing her, Merivel cannot help himself, and he is cast out, losing not only the king's affection, but also his house and, of course his wife.Joining a group of men who work at an asylum for the insane, Merivel learns that there are deeper concerns in life than the hedonism of his life at court, and he develops genuine affection for several of the kindly Quaker men with whom he works. When he transgresses the society's rules, however, he is cast out from there, too, ending up in London at the time of the Great Plague and eventually the Great London Fire.Painting vivid pictures of Merivel's life--at court, at the asylum in Whittlesea, and in the neighborhoods of London--author Rose Tremain brings the age, its customs, its science, and its social structure to life. The years of 1664 - 1666 are especially difficult, and as Merivel lives through the horrors of the Plague and the panic of the Great Fire, which Tremain recreates with the drama they deserve, the reader can see Merivel becoming less a fool and more a human. Like the restoration of the king to the throne, Merivel's "restoration" to dignity takes place after a period of dark reflection and self-examination, and both Merivel and the country learn from their travails.Tremain develops Merivel's personal transformation with sensitivity, finesse, and much ironic humor, and when, at last, he is noticed again by the court, his understanding of himself and his role in the world is far more profound than it was before. Depicting the personal and the philosophical turmoils of these early Restoration years with a historian's eye for detail and a detached observer's sense of wit, Tremain illustrates the contradictions of this period realistically and often with dark humor. A fine historical novel, Restoration transcends its period, offering observations, themes, and lessons for the present day. Mary Whipple
This is an example of an overlooked classic and brilliant morality tale. This story is very funny and very perceptive. This is an automatic read. If you see this, just make yourself read it. You will never forget the truths of the human condition in America that Steinbeck relays to us. I'm looking forward to the day that America starts paying attention to the least of us and values diversity. You may say that I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one.
Rather than teaching the poor how to fish you should provide them with the information they need to reach a life beyond fish and rice. That goal is nicely laid out by author C.K. Prahalad in his wonderful volume "The Fortune at the Bottom of the Pyramid."Prahalad correctly points out that it is the poor who stand most to profit from free, global markets. While that is true, the goal cannot be reached  without a government being willing to assume a leadership role in making transactions easier for customers and accepting the responsibility of helping to create wealth rather than merely taxing wealth.Prahalad shares the belief of many that poverty and non-functional economies are not caused by Western dominance but by the inattention of the West. The author issues a call to change, insisting that business no longer can afford to neglect a market of 5 billion people who already are consumers and will help business generate even more profits once these 5  billion  become more highly-informed consumers. It is information, not charity, that provides meaningful relief, stresses Prahalad, who calls upon business leaders to make meaningful and sustained improvements in the lives of billions of people.In case study after case study the author provides evidence for his premise that the win-win formula of innovation offers the dual function of helping the poorest of the poor while at the same time generating corporate profits.When you take a close look at India and its opportunities for successful business intervention, you see further evidence for Prahalad's assertion that the greatest potential for economic growth is in the billions of people living at the bottom of the economic pyramid.By Gunjan BaglaAuthor of Doing Business in 21st Century India
I just read Suskind's book for the second time. The first time was several years ago, and it has stayed with me during the intervening years. It's a book that remains tucked away in the imagination. The unique aspect of this novel is that it centers on the sense of smell, as the evil genius who occupies the main role has an extraordinary ability to discern scent. He can literally perform an autopsy on an odor, teasing apart each component which make up the whole. He kills simply to steal the essential scent of his victims. And why does this story stay so long in the readers memory and imagination? The sense of smell, so directly wired to our sense of emotional memory, serves as the link which brings the subconscious back to this book over the years. You'll read it again some day, as I did. This is a unique and fascinating novel.
I used Dr. White's All-in-One guide as my primary text for the Security+ exam, and I passed on Monday with a score of 868 out of 900 (96.4%)This text does an excellent job of covering the objectives of the Security+ exam. It is well-written, comprehensive, and easy to read. The organization of content is good, and the chapters are well laid out, with major topics highlighted and key points given prominence. Furthermore, each chapter concludes with a useful summary, and review questions are included to reinforce the chapter's main points.However, since this book is designed not only as an exam text, but as an introductory, information security handbook, the author must strike a balance between breadth and depth, study tool and reference work.This he does admirably, covering each major topic with the focus required for the exam, while adding information that will make this book a useful on-the-job reference after certification is complete. For example, though not required for the exam, the encryption algorithms detailed in Chapter 10 were especially enlightening, demystifying the hitherto abstract concept of cryptography for me.Of course, no one book can cover every aspect of a test as broad as the Security+, so I supplemented this book with various free online resources, and commercial practice tests from Transcender and Boson (Exam#3).This text has served as my introduction to the world of information security, and has given me the foundation I will require for the more advanced certifications I have ahead, like the CISSP. This book is highly recommended.
Did you know that Virginia Dare was the very first English person born in America, that Phillis Wheatly was the first African American poet to be published or that Frances Perkins was the first woman to serve in the president's cabinet?  Meet 100 fascinating American women who helped change the world.  From familiar names like Pocahontas, Eleanor Roosevelt and Toni Morrison to more obscure women like Belle Boyd, Maya Ying and Elizabeth Gurley Flynn, this book tells the stories of women who made a difference, pushed boundaries and never accepted the work no.  Cheryl Harness has written an inspired and insightful collection about 100 of these women who's talents helped change and impact the world around them.  Her witty text, full of interesting and fun facts is enhanced by vivid watercolor artwork.  With additional information about the times these women lived and resources at the end:  a glossary, bibliography, pictorial time line and historical sites, this introductory book is sure to whet youngsters' appetites and have them wanting more.  This wonderful collection is perfect for youngsters 9-12.  As Abigail Adams wrote to her husband, future president, John Adams, on the founding of our goverment...&quot;Remember the Ladies...&quot;
Adler's book is intended more for those who spend a significant period of their time ruminating about financial topics and strategies than it is for those of us who are mere dabblers.  While perhaps this book didn't turn out to be what I'd expected, it did prove to be very well written and well researched.  Those who are seriously interested in the topic of personal finance will find a lot of meat in the chapters of this book on which to chew.  I found the section dealing with CEO behavior to be particularly interesting and insightful, especially in light of the current financial environment.  Adler also offers extensive insight into the phenomena of gambling, including those more "accepted" varieties revolving around the Stock Market.Those interested in exploring a new path between cognitive theory and consumer behavior will no doubt find great value in this book.  I can see where this information might be interesting for those who conduct research in the topic of Marketing in addition to Psychology and Finance.  There is more to this book than what lays at the surface.
Very very good book.  Again Bommer and Graham have written one of the best, most thrilling and exciting books.  If you don't buy this book you will miss out on what the war is really like.
This is a book of over 300 pages and is full of new ideas on what you can do to improve your photography.This book was written in the film era but is just as meaningful today in terms of ideas on what is an excellent photograph.The author is my favorite on how to improve your pictures and writes in a very interesting manner.You cannot go wrong in purchasing this book as it is inexpensive and full of ideas.
This book feels like drowning as described by many near-victims: an inexorable, slow-motion descent into the growing darkness; a feeling of despair as ropes and life preservers pass out of reach; a growing numbness, coldness, and indifference to your ultimate fate; and a strange, perverse beauty as you wrap your arms around the all-consuming black and let it wash over you.Yeah, not exactly a feel-good story. The characters are relatable, but only for their weaknesses, faults, sins, and selfishness. If you're going through problems in your own life, especially marital/relationship problems, unemployment or dissatisfaction with work, a feeling that your family is dragging you down or holding you back, you may not like what you feel when you read this book. Or maybe you might, if only for the schadenfraude we get from dropping in on other people whose lives are just a little worse than our own.You may see a reflection of yourself in this book, or maybe a gruesome funhouse distortion, but regardless, it's a haunting masterpiece.
I normally do not like these kind of books because they are usually a re-hash of the obvious.  This one states some obvious items of course, but also delves into some practical ways to spend smart.  It is well-written and very practical.  Anyone concerned with finances should find at least something in here that is new, or at least it is nice to have someone back up what you had already figured out on your own.
I hadn't heard much about the movie and even less about the book, but somehow I had the expectation that this would be a lighthearted romp. In fact, I found Moggach's story to be a dark and sad portrayal of aging. Yet she peoples the story with characters we can relate to and care about. And she gives some of them a happy ending, but not all, which is fitting as isn't that what real life is all about?I haven't been to India, but I expect the setting Moggach gives us is accurate as well. Am I glad I read the book? Yes. Do I want to see the movie? No, although I expect the scenery would be spectacular.
I loved the biogrpahy of Jean Rhys which gave me motivation to re-read all her books. None held a candle in my opinion to her last novel, this masterpiece. It pulls you into the sensual Caribbean, it gives so much in the way of the relationship that began in Charlotte Bronte's "JANE EYRE"... You don't have to know the Bronte story to totally enjoy the atmopherics here. There is love and hate, black and white, lush descriptions and even when you aren't sure who is talking, this novel is a complete gem, rare and quite a miracle given Jean Rhys' life, how she wrote this toward the end of it, how she wrote like an angel. Highly recommend.
This collection of writings chronicling Kesey's life in the decades following his dual notoriety as leader of the Merry Pranksters and one of the brightest literary lights of his generation is full of surprises.  Kesey pulls no punches in outlining how the golden dream of the '60s turned to ashes over time, with many of its symbolic leaders falling away.  He spares no one, least of all himself, in these pages.And yet, this is not a grim or depressing read.  Detailing with tremendous humor and gusto his journeys to China and Egypt, as well as offering poignant observations on the passing of personal heroes like John Lennon and Neal Casssdy, Kesey emerges as a fully realized person whose flaws only make him more fascinating.While Demon Box can hardly compare to a towering masterwork like Sometime a Great Notion, it is a deeply rewarding book.  One that can be revisited on numerous occasions with enhanced, not diminished, enjoyment.
This book covers so much ground it is hard to find any criticism. I did read the other reviewers and found that what was disliked the most was the bold font and things of that nature. Hey, I like the style, but that's me. I think my only criticism is always their first chapter in which it describes "What is a computer". But despite that chuckle, the book rocks, bottom line.I am a professional software developer and I still read this book often. You can't go wrong with authors like David Sceppa (ADO.NET) or Francesco Balena (Visual Basic 2005: The Language) either, but never will you go wrong with Deitel.It is that good.........
First, I have to say that I have NEVER bought a &quot;Behind the Scenes&quot; book on ANY movie.  I stumbled across &quot;The Making of Pride and Prejudice&quot; on Amazon. Sue Birtwistle's adaptation of &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot; IS probably my favorite movie of all time, but the previous reviews on Amazon convinced me that I would like the book as well.If you truly enjoyed the movie, I hope that you will take a chance and read, &quot;The Making of Pride and Prejudice&quot; by Sue Birtwistle and Susie Conklin - even if you don't normally read this type of book.  It is FASCINATING.  It isn't just all the wonderful pictures (and how DIFFERENT the actors looked!); it is that this book methodically explains the concept behind the movie, the writing, the casting, the houses (&quot;Pemberley&quot; is actually at Lyme Park), the costumes, the wigs (Jennifer Ehle is a BLONDE!) and so many more interesting facts.I was particularly amazed that Colin Firth originally TURNED DOWN the role of Darcy - because he didn't feel that he could do justice to the part. (Most of us can't imagine ANYONE except Firth playing the role!) Sue Birtwistle had to convince him to do the part. (And he was so nervous that he was physically ill initially.)This is a terrific book, which chronicles the process of making a truly magnificent movie.
Bought it for a class.  It was a big help.  If you need a Spanish dictionary it's worth the money.
mr. cohen tells it like it is. pictures gangster era as alive. these guys were bad, make no mistake about it. we ,as new yorkers should , should know what times were like and why people turned to crime. no puny jews here.
A drowl and probably quite realistic account of the everyday routine amongst the officer corps of the British Army during WW II.  Officers were men with few discernable characteristics other than their family's placement within the dottering English class hierarchy.  Assignments, promotions, awards, medals and responsibilities seldom reflected merit.  Most of wartime was meaningless maneuvers, transfers from base to base for little purpose, and very very little real combat action for anyone.The British seem to have ended up on the winning side merely by their close association with the United States, their perseverance during those many years of shortages and their willingness to endure the blitz and the V2 Rockets.  Clustered down in their gentlemen's clubs, their country houses, and those makeshift barracks, their sense of self worth and societal status pulled them through.  Waugh,with all his acerbic asides, believes as well in Being English.
When my granddaughter was in the 6th grade she played Mary in a school play.  Now that she has a daughter of her own, I thought it would be nice to have a &#34;keepsake&#34; for my great-granddaughter to have The Secret Garden to read along with the program from the show with her mother's name listed as Mary.
I have heard this advice before: If you want to be successfulat something, find the most successful person you can in that area, listen to what they say, and try to follow it. Well, its hard to imagine a football coach more sucessful than Mike Shanahan. Here's a guy who started with a dream: to be a head football coach, started as an unpaid volunteer for a college team, and worked his way to be one of the best, most respected, coaches in the NFL (winning 2 consecutive Superbowls) at a young age.The great thing is, he has written a book that is designed to help people win beyond football, in any area of life. Shanahan breaks it down for you: the way he prepares, some struggles he's had, some ways he motivates people (including the little things that we learn are so critical), very good wisdom concerning life, and a lot more. Also very critical is the fact that this book is very easy to read and understand.You even get a bonus section in each chapter written by some of the greatest people and minds in football: Paul Tagliabue, Jerry Rice, Bill Walsh, John Elway, Deion Sanders, Steve Young, George Seifert, Joe Montana, Marcus Allen, Al Michaels, and more. They give their own take on the subject being discussed in the chapter, which is not only informative, but like the book itself, filled with wisdom.The chapters consist of 16 basic areas to focus on to become successful, things like: Preparing (all of life is preparation, and not preparing is preparing to fail), Sacrificing (don't expect to get anything good done without sacrifice, if it was easy, everyone would do it), Learning (without learning, you will be hopelessly stuck where you are), Detailing (the devil is definitely in the details and that's where things often break down). This is just a taste of the wisdom in this book. Highly recommended for people looking to improve themselves.
I love this book, I have been painting for about a year and decided to start drawing my own pictures.  It takes you through all the necessities.  It may also be excellent for the expierienced drawer, but can't make that statement yet as I am not there yet, but this book is helping me to.
Business architect Ric Merrifield says many executives get hung up on the "hows" of running a firm: the techniques, tactics and technologies their companies use to operate. In the process, they fail to focus on the all-important "whats" of their enterprises, that is, central functions like manufacturing quality products, fulfilling orders, satisfying customers and so on. Lost in superfluous details, these leaders can't see their real priorities. Merrifield says that for many such executives, basic rethinking is in order. In this book, he explains how to take a fresh look at your business to identify and prioritize your core activities. Although the metaphorical overload of "whats" and "hows" might make you want to ask, "Who's on first?" this is a solid take on leading innovation. getAbstract recommends it to any executives who suspect they may need to refocus or broaden their perspectives about their organizations.
Joseph Bruchac skillfully mixes a worrying modern-day scenario with an old Native American legend -- and produces an enduring spinechiller. Fans of legends, scary beasties, and strong heroines will find a fun read here.Molly is having difficulties -- though her life is pretty normal, one Sunday she wakes up to find that her parents are missing. They haven't been found, no one knows where they are, but Molly is sure that they're alive and going to return. Social Services isn't as convinced as she is, and she ends up in the care of a formerly unknown great-uncle. Only problem is, this great-uncle (who is never named in the book) gives her a strange feeling. He's tall, bony, and sinister -- reminding her of an old legend about the carnivorous Skeleton Man, who tried to catch and devour his niece, before she was helped by a talking rabbit.Her sense of foreboding grows stronger. She suspects that he's drugging her food and locking her door; strange dreams are haunting her, in which her stick-thin uncle wants her "fattened up." Frightened and unable to get help (others consider her too imaginative), Molly must escape the clutches of what she suspects to be the Skeleton Man.Frightening? You bet. Bruchac has good insight into the mind of a frightened, lonely young girl, but one with guts, initiative, and imagination. Molly is a heroine that kids -- especially girls -- will be totally sympathetic to. The rabbit is both sufficiently real and otherworldly, while "my uncle" displays sinister malice without any cheap tricks. It permeates every scene he's in.The writing is fast-paced and devoid of "dead spots," descriptions are highly evocative, and Bruchac displays dry wit in all the right places ("I don't need some furry Oprah Winfrey to tell me I need to get my spiritual act in order"). This book is pretty short -- only 114 pages -- and sometimes felt like it could use a little more length and buildup. There is also a lack of noticeable supporting characters, and I wish that Molly had gotten a best friend to bounce ideas off of. The inner illustrations (can't find the name of whoever did them) are soft-edged and slightly surreal.Overall, an effective spinetingler that will not allow you to hear heavy footsteps without thinking "Skeleton Man!"
Man is a storytelling animal who gains his sense of identity and purpose from the stories that are handed down to him from his society.  If you want to deepen your understanding of the human experience without suffering through incomprehensibly dense philosophy, this is an excellent book to read.  One example is below:&#34;Myths are the mental supports of rites; rites, the physical enactments of myths. By absorbing the myths of his social group and participating in its rites, the youngster is structured to accord with his social as well as natural environment, and turned from an amorphous nature product, prematurely born, into a defined and competent member of some specific, efficiently functioning social order.&#34;This is simple, clear and profoundly true.  Such nuggets of wisdom are found on virtually every page of this book which I highly recommend.
This book was what I needed, while on vacation. It's a quick, easy, and hilarious read. The author, Steve McDermott, is a motivational speaker and "coach." This book is meant as a guide of how to take his advice and do the  opposite,so that you're successful with your endeavors.The premise (failing) was a good one, since so many motivational books are similar. I've read a few business type motivational books in the last year and haven't been too impressed. I enjoyed this book and it's written in that "beach read" sort of style that most will enjoy.Overall, I appreciated the organization, humor, the use of different fonts, and small use of images.
I've never read a book more than once. But this book and this series are the exception. I have two sets of paperbacks and a set of hardback. I've got many of my friends and family to love this series and this book as well  as I. This book takes off and soars after the first 50 pages. It has a  little romance, mystery, and suspense. This is a book you want to read on a  cold Sunday afternoon, because once you start you will not be able to put  it down. I usually read medical thrillers and this is quite out of the norm  for me. This book caught me totally off balance and I feel this book and  this series are the best of the best.
Tom Joad leaves prison and reaches home to find that his family have been expelled by the bank and the Shawnee Land and Cattle Company. On his way to his former home he finds a turtle that he keeps as a pet present for his little brother Noah. The turtle may stand as a metaphor for the slow but secure progress of the narrative. Tome also meets a "reformed" preacher who likes to question the goodness of baptism, and a former neighbour, Muley Graves, who has decided to stay in the land in Oklahoma contrary to the general westward pull: "Place where folks live is them folks."As he meets them, the Joads are getting ready to sell all their belongings and move to California. But how will their sense of identity be affected by the migration? The author seems worried about the conflict between the land and the machine. Something worse than the devil seems to have got hold of hte country and thousands of people are moving West, looking for something brighter than what they have got. Is it possible to relinquish your home and survive it whole? On their way to California they learn the value of sharing and helping one another after they meet the Wilsons. One thing is sure, and these mass migrations are the proof that men can still be moved by a concept, a palpitating notion, a dream (even if such dream is reduced to the image of a white house by an orange groove).One is to fear the day when man will refuse to move about, search, project. Even if this search is to lead to tragedy and loss. The will to live and to die and to survive for a concept makes of man a distinctive being in the universe: "Need is the stimulus to concept, concept to action." But can Paine and Jefferson exist alongside Marx and Lenin? From the point of view of the American dispossessed this seems dubious.Economic racism ("them Okies") and the ills of American capitalism work into the spirit and capacity of endurance of the worn-out families of migrant agricultural workers. These families have ironically held a belief on the myth of the American dream: a place can be found where an honest man can work steadily his way to respectability. Nevertheless the Joads only find their own progressive breaking-up in the motion. Theey learn of the prejudice and fear of the authorities and citizens of California, and of the untold speculative crimes of the big and medium farmers. The wrath of The Grapes of Wrath is the sign of hunger and frustration at the way things are made to work: unused land and crops laid to waste.The novel is a chant to family values and communal living, even if from the wrong side of the road. Tom Joad learns the importance of forming part of a larger group, even if he eventually gets separated from the people he loves because of his crimes. What is it that makes people survive under the most terrible conditions?
It's little wonder that actor Robert Redford, when he forayed into the field of directing, selected author Judith Guest's novel about a family headed for oblivion as his freshman project. &quot;Ordinary People,&quot; the film, starred, of course, Mary Tyler Moore and Donald Sutherland as the parents of two sons, the older of whom drowns in a boating accident and the younger who survives with the agonizing guilt for living, perhaps to the emotional rejection of his mother. But before the film won 1980's Best Picture Oscar and Redford a Best Director statue, there was the novel, and author Guest's treatment of a family headed for destruction is both excrutiating but magnificently honest in its feelings that she gives her characters. Unlike the film, though, the book closes with some glimmer of hope for at least one of the three members of a family whose self-implosion is feared but can't be avoided. But like the film, Guest doesn't cheat us in her novel by insulting us with a everyone-lives-happily-ever-after absolution. On the contrary, no one leaves a family structure that has collapsed and heads for a happily-ever-after destiny. That's not how it usually works in the real world, and Guest doesn't insult our intelligence by giving her fictional family a happy ending. &quot;Ordinary People,&quot; the book, remains an accurate and honest look at a family falling apart at the seams, and it was the foundation of a film as equally powerful.
I will be attempting to apply them without the gadgets, though. I know the doctor would not approve, but I don't think we have to have machines hooked up to us all the time to train aerobically. I give the Kenyans as an example.
To give as a gift at the birth of a baby.  It's a keepsake and a beautiful story!  My son got one from his aunt and I have gifted them out ever since (he's a teenager now).
Listen - its a very light book. Its not the best book I have ever read, and it doesnt come close to it either. I got this book from a friend who guarenteed me that this book was the one ... - the one which would change my life. It was a nice book and all, but it just wasn't that. I suppose it comes down to the individual.If you want to read the book, read it. Its a book complaining a lot I believe, complains a lot about life - and the people which make it up. I got a little frustrated at times, I wanted to jump into the page and really speak to this guy.. who the hell does he think he is? But I suppose thats a good thing. It makes our minds more open and aware of the fact that there are different people on earth.The story line is simple - a boy who struggles at school, and who plans to run away from home, and doesn't. Thats it. But its the way its told that makes it different than any other book Ive read. A light read, but in short, a book that tells you something in a unique way. A boy who is very unsettled, and has a strict dislike for life. The exact opposite of me.
Very impressed with this book! It teaches a newbie programmer how to think in terms of objects, but beware, this is not for experts, beginner to intermediate will suit this book. The examples are fantastic, the only reason i'm giving this 4 instead of 5 stars is that the examples are written in java and other language, not vb.net.  :)I agree with S.LAMBROU, you should read the object-oriented thought process book together with this book if you are keen on gaining more knowledge with OOP, I'm now reading it and loving it so far!
"A CONFEDERACY OF DUNCES" is colorful, literary satire of the highest order. Still widely read, the very mention of the title brings a knowing smile to many. How sad that Toole was taken from us by his own tormented hand, how lucky readers are to have this brilliant book to remember him by.A few years back, when I was working on my novel, "Life Askew," a friend who'd read a few chapters pressed his copy of "Dunces" against my chest and insisted I read it immediately. My book and I were posessed by the spirit of John Kennedy Toole, he'd said. Of course, I was flattered to be compared to a Pulitzer Prize winner, and saddened to learn of the story of how the book was posthumously published by his mother.Now, years later, my novel is done and I'm convinced my friend was right; "Life Askew" and "Dunces" are cut from the same cloth.
I'm in the middle of reading it right now and it certainly is keeping me interested in all the suspense.
Guys and Dolls is the collective name for these short stories, which I believe were made into a musical and a musical-movie. Guys and Dolls takes place in New York in the 1920s and 30s, on Broadway, sort of an underground, gambling, semi-illegal world. There are many interesting characters in this book, such as Nathan Detroit, Sky Masterson, and of course, Nicely-Nicely Jones.The atmosphere and ambience of the world this book is set in feels very alien, so different from today. Many of the stories are humorous, such as A Pice of Pie, in which two contestants (representing New York and Boston), have an easting competition. Quite amusing.Guys and Dolls is also written in a style (presumably) like the people in the stories would talk. A "doll" means a woman, "potatoes" means money, etc. etc, and also rambling sentences (like the opening one.)All of my reviews can be read at my blog, Cleo's Literary Reviews (novareviews.blogspot.com) Please follow me!
This is the first novel by Rushdie that I have read, though I am sure it will not be the last.  Having never read Rushdie, I was first very impressed with his skill with the written word.  His plays on words, his ability to make sentences dance easily justify his reputation as one of the great living authors of in the English language; yet I feel there is something lacking in Fury.The novel paints a very good collection of sympathetic and interesting characters.  The protagonist and his dolls and his mid-life/existential/marital crisis.  The young, precocious, and unbelievably gorgeous woman who teases him into a great burst of creativity.  Masterfully done.  But it is the setting of Fury that ultimately makes it a questionable read.  Set in New York City in the summer of 2000, Rushdie smothers the narrative with pop-culture references from that season to an amazing degree.  References to Hillary Clinton and Mayor Giuliani, to the movies Chicken Run and Gladiator, to an aside about the 'I Love You' computer virus that I had all but forgotten about.  Imagine how over peoples heads this read will be in fifteen years time.  Which is a shame because if it was tweaked in certain degrees I do believe it could last the test of time like most great literature.But then there goes Rushdie dipping into the realm of Tom Clancy when the novel sways from the tale of a lost middle-aged man to a military revolution on a small island nation in the Pacific.  I let the narrative take me along with that one, thinking perhaps it is literary allegory and I should take something from it because this is high modern literature, but somehow I feel it was way over the top for a story that was doing so well as an intimate portrait of a few very interesting characters.
A great book for any man who has been with a woman who reads  volumes into off-hand comments, gestures, or silences. The  meaning is a reality to the woman, a bizarre nightmare to the man.  In this book, the &quot;woman&quot; is actually another man and the  consequences of  being misunderstood are extreme, but it all seems  ordinary and  plausible.
Salinger's The Catcher in the Rye is one of the greatest novels ever written by an American author.  And the sad story of Holden Caulfield is probably the best novel ever written about adolescence.  Like all great fiction, this book has many layers and angles, from memorable characters, a gripping (and subtle) plot, poignancy, and humor.  The underlying conflict within Holden between childhood innocence and adult phoniness, a conflict we all face in life, is timeless.  You could read this book five times and find new insights in it each time.  A stunning work.  Highly recommended.
Here is a general church history that covers everything vital to the Church's growth during the first six centuries.  In this volume, Henry Chadwick manages to define the Church's uniform identity within the context of the cosmopolitan Greco-Roman world.  This work is a finely-crafted and well-researched summation of Christianity's early legacy, and it is written for all Christians and all students of the era.  Chadwick is a very judicious historian, and he is one of the foremost authorities on Early Christianity.  To say the least, this work is the fruitful product of many years of Chadwickian scholarship.  Every university bookstore, church library, secular bookstore, and personal library should have this book on hand.
This opens your eyes to man's destruction and limitations. The reason it is so important to protect the earth s resources.
I purchased the book to learn a little about FrontPage 2003.  I wanted to publish a personal web site.  This book is absolutely fantastic for what I wanted.  No, it's not for the guru's, but if you want a book to step you through the basics and be useful as a reference, this is it.  The pictures are well laid out and well marked. The sidebars are full of useful information.
The title of my review pretty much summarizes this book very well. As an individual trader just taking care of my own portfolio, I like candlesticks charts a lot since they tell a lot by themselves. However, now I feel that my knowledge of these charts was too less and they have a very high potential especially when it comes to entry and exit points. I also pay attention to the fundamental side through news, board changes, etc related to the companies I am interested to buy. But without candlesticks the entry/exit points are hard to guess.This book deals with this topic in great depth while keeping the text interesting. Now, if you are not an analytical/technical type of person, then you may find it slightly boring. This book can provide some very good information to beginners and advanced readers alike. It does include complex patterns, volume indicators, signals to buy & sell, and spotting trendlines. I found that the best way to get the most out of this book is by using the charts of your own portfolio/tickers and see how the concepts explained here works. However, there are plenty of charts and explanations in the book otherwise.Overall it is a recommended read for technical traders.
If you ever wondered why people are possessed with mountaim climbing Andy Kirkpatrick's book will help you understand. Andy explores his inner self with a discerning eye toward answering the &#34;why do I do it&#34; question. This memoir is well written and properly edited and is a worthwhile read. He brings the reader along with him on a number of interesting journeys. Highly recommended
Great framework, enjoyable read, useful tools!As coaches, in the face of our complex challenges of developing people, we frequently recognize our need for better tools, processes and practices.  In `The Extraordinary Coach' Stinnett and Zenger share their model as adopted by executives across the country.Coaching, as Stinnett and Zenger emphasize, is about helping people develop their awareness, confidence and capacity for achieving better results.  The Extraordinary Coach provides an excellent framework for both adopting a coaching mindset and developing more effective coaching practices.  Filled with a powerful collage of real-life examples, proven models and developmental self evaluations, Stinnett and Zenger coach us through a deeper understanding of productive coaching relationships and extend their invitation toward our mastering their proven coaching practices.As examples of the wisdom shared in `The Extraordinary Coach', Stinnett and Zenger encourage solutions to pressing coaching questions.  For example:1. How can we structure our coaching relationships so we continually make progress?2. How can we build people's commitment for the changes they're seeking?3. How can we model accountability in our coaching relationships as examples for accountability people's performance?A recommended read for every leader who recognizes their need for more effectively developing the self-leadership and performance capabilities of their people.
Nia is a young mermyd who lives in the city of Atlantis. She dreams of becoming an Avatar, one of the rulers of the city, but is completely and totally surprised when her family chooses her cousin, Garun, to compete in the trials instead of herself. Things get even stranger when she discovers that the entire council is scheming to get Garun into the position as new Avatar. Nia's boyfriend, Cephan, is also in the running to become Avatar, but she fears that he doesn't have a chance.This book is really wonderful fantasy/fiction, and this is probably the best mermaid book I've read lately. It's easy to read (and, especially if you're a speed reader, it's the right size and length :), and it's also very interesting and detailed. The entire story gets played out in the trilogy, and, let me tell you, if you hang in and finish all three books, you will think: 'Man, that's good.' And you have to read the books in order, because the first one kind of sets the stage, the second starts the conflict, and the third ends it and ties the ends that were floating around up.I would definitely recommend this to anyone!
Bill Clinton gives us an honest review of himself and his presidency as well as an excellent insight into his life before the White House. Surely President and First Lady are the most unappreciated jobs on the planet. How tragic that Mr. Clinton's many contributions to politics should be overshadowed by what should have been a private matter between himself and his wife.
The book was a great read in understanding the Financial attitude and confirming how most people in that realm view customers.
I'm on the side of those reviewers who think this is one of Wharton's best. That it's a short novel does not diminish its skillfulness or impact. In fact, its concision is its great strength, and I think Wharton, who was a diligent editor of her own works, recognized that.Other reviewers have revealed most of the story, which is unfortunate because its plot twists are best appreciated by first-time readers unaware of where the story goes and how it is resolved. (The first time I read it, I actually gasped aloud at several points.) I'd rather say something about its language and tone.Nobody writes sentences with the clarity and precision of Edith Wharton. There are passages in "Summer" to die for. Her descriptions of the New England countryside ripening into summer alongside her evocations of young Charity's blossoming sexuality are beautifully written. Maybe this juxtaposition is a little obvious or even corny but it totally worked for me. Wharton's prose has always had an almost sensuous rhythm to it and it's never been put to better use than in this story of sexual awakening and first love.The radical shift of tone in "Summer" is also remarkable. (Spoiler ahead.) There is a slight sense of foreboding from the beginning but for the most part you feel drawn in to the sweet romance of this lonely and impressionable girl. Then - BOOM - reality sets in, and a heart-tugging idyll turns into a horror story. The scenes toward the end, especially the trip up and down the mountain, are nothing short of gothic horror. Wharton had a pretty jaded view of the options women faced, and "Summer" is consistent with the bleak vision she first articulated in "The House of Mirth.""Summer" is beautiful, shocking, and very sad.There are several editions of "Summer." Purchase the Penguin edition with the Intro by Elizabeth Ammons. It's only a few bucks more and will give you added perspective on the book and Wharton.
I find that the Q&A format in studying for exams is very productive based upon my learning style. There were some minor errors and the text is starting to become dated and in need of a new edition. Its hard to keep up with the rapidly changing world of medicine, but the exam itself probably lags the real world by about the same amount of time.  A good general study text and comprehensive review in interactive format. I recommend it in association with the Davis review text. I took the PANRE on September 10th and scored >99th percentile.
Buy and Hedge: The 5 Iron Rules for Investing Over the Long Term (Minyanville Media) is a very good book explaining on how you can reduce your overall portfolio risk by utilizing/adding other financial instruments that are available out there in the market. One vehicle covered is the use of Options. Below is the some of the common use of options to hedge against the current position.Example 1. Buying put options on top of owning the shares or what is called protective put. This move is similar to buying insurance, and as you know insurance is not free but can help limit your potential loss (and the more you want to limit your loss, the higher the option premium is. just like insurance, if you want higher coverage and lower deductible, the premium will be higher).Example 2. Issuing call options on top of owning the shares or what is called covered call.  This move helps you to get more steady return (almost like periodic dividend/coupon except that it is not as certain as the stock price can change where your shares might be called/forced to sell (albeit at a good price) when the stock price increases above the call strike price, or if the option premium suddenly dropped where you will not be able to issue as high premium as before.Don't get me wrong. I'm a big fan of covered call myself (and other buy and hedge strategies) but these strategies are not silver bullets. In fact, no one single strategy out there is a best strategy. Each strategy works well in a particular scenario and not so well in some other scenario. For example, in the covered call example #2 above, if the stock that we did covered call for 10% additional income/gain from issuing the call option, and the strike price is 10% above the stock purchase price, then you bank 20% gain which is nice, but if the stock price doubles, you could have gain 100% if you use buy and hold strategy (and no option). And for example #1 above with protected put, if the stock dropped a lot then you are protected from the loss but if the stock stays the same or goes up, then you would lose the amount of money that you paid for the put option/"insurance" (but it's true that with the protective put, the worst case it that you lost only small amount of the premium vs the potential loss of the entire principal, which is important, but not necessarily a move to maximize return).Learning these buy and hedge strategies are crucial (as you will have more tools in your hand to get the edge vs other people out there), but what I think matters even more is find out what you are good at. If you are good at it, not matter what strategy you use (be it short term trading, buy and hold, buy and hedge, speculating, income/yield investing), you will be successful.Also knowing yourself (what you are good at, what you are not good at, what you know, and what you don't know), and understanding your goal and risk tolerance will help you find the strategy that will be optimal for you. And most likely buy and hedge could be one of the strategy that you would use at least in some of your investment at some point in your life, if it is not now.Last but not least, always take what you learn from a book or others with a grain of salt and use your common sense before applying any strategies.Sidarta Tanu
I thoroughly enjoyed this book while doubting much of the science and assertions behind it. The book was well written, engrossing, and simply a pleasure to read. This book opens the bottle and allows us to smell inside a industry most of us never knew much about. Chandler involves us in the "mystery" of scent, our sense of smell of which we are so clueless.The parts of the book about scents and the business of scent making were the best. The overly defensive parts about scent scientist Luca Turin not so good. Comparing Turin and the scent industry to persecuted worldview changers, such as Galileo and Mendel is at best hyperbole.There are gems in here about various businesses, history, and human nature. Anyone interested in various business models will get something out of "The Emperor of Scent." Just ignore some of the over the top science and enjoy the whiffs of revelation into the perfume business and the long history of smelling.
This book holds a special place in my heart.  It is full of romance, history, and drama.  There is such great attention to everyday details that you feel as if you are there.
One of the best.  The size of this book was quite intimidating, but once I started it I became completely engrossed in it.  There is only an occasional bit of bias by the writer.  Given the depth and detail of the book, this is understandable.  I suspect that even Steinbeck would have approved of the effort and that may be the highest praise one can give "Steinbeck, Writer: A Biography".
Jeannie Baker is no novice to this kind of subtle-changes-on-each-page book. However, her book "Window" --quite similar in approach-- left me feeling quite down and thwarted by urban overdevelopment and the loss of rural life. Quite opposite, "Home" bolsters one's spirits by depicting an area of urban decay turning gradually, over the period of some 20+ years, into a lovely urban oasis, complete with many trees, flowers, and shrubs and the reappearance of birds and animals. What's even better - it shows a family growing and thriving in the same environment and taking an active role in the neighborhood's change.My four year old has asked for this book every day since we checked it out of the library, and I love it, too. A book that can appeal to multiple generations is a hands-down winner in my eyes.
My introduction to this book was first through the movie.  So, my perspective will be from that point of view:I looked for this book after seeing the movie, I believe with Mel Ferrar--one of those actors you no longer see on late nite TV.  Pleasantly, the book was just as good--meaning the movie was an excellent rendition of this Hemingway novel.Hemingway might have been the first person to write a story "much about nothing" (referring to the formula for Seinfeld's success).  I sought out this book to read because I realize now in my 30s that I have finally lived enough of "Life" to appreciate what Hemingway has to say.I saw the movie about 10 years ago on late nite, and it stayed with me all these years.  Why?  The story of the protangonist and his American expatriate friends in Paris and in Spain (pre-WWII) is not as much about bull fighting and these spoiled rich kids who apparently live the good life without any need to work as it is about a snapshot of couple of months in the life of the protagonist--whom I take it to be one aspect of the real Hemingway.  Isn't our real lives like that, nothing spectacular, no clear beginning, a continuing end, lots of time spent with friends whom you despise at times, but always come together.  Yes, after being old enough, I really like this book.  Looking forward to more Hemingways.
What I like about this book compared to others, is that it gives clear concise descriptions. The chapters (or modules) are well thought out and the examples complement what the subject matter is addressing. I've bought other books on JavaScript, and I must say that (as a beginner) this is a treasure. It is exactly what I was looking for and by just reading the first few chapters has given me a great insight into this coding language. To me there is no better book on the market. You won't go wrong to get this book if you want to get a solid foundation in JavaScript. I highly recommend this book.
Violet is an inspiring screenwriter. She dreams of one day making movies but for the time being writes her movie on a laptop wearing gogo boots and tight pants. She sees Claire one day wearing a tinkerbell shirt and faerie wings and sees the perfect girl her movie. A night with a famous rockstar changes everything though and Violet becames famous overnight while Claire seeks love in a poet with a gentle heart. These two girls must learn though what must happen in order for them to realize that they belong together, and that their friendship is worth more than there loves for movies or poetry.
Fabulous fantasy romance, pulls you along with the story with well fleshed out characters. Similar to jilly cooper in writing style.
First of all for being a used book it was in great condition, no markings, tears, folds. Just worn slightly yellowed pages. The price was also reasonable. As for the book, if you are a dystopian fanatic this is a must read. Well written, classic literature
[I originally posted this to the Spanish edition, by accident - hope this makes it to the intended destination! Amazon aren't able to move it for me.] [Later - ah - here it is!]I'm re-reading the series in order. "Justine" was a fine introduction and scene-setter: "Balthazar" somehow had less impact, though the life and passing of old Scobie make a hilarious thread running through it. But "Mountolive" comes to life with a vengeance! It may have something to do with his opportunity, in this version of the story, to draw with a very sharp pencil some of the products of the English society that he scorned - yet there is a strong sense of sympathy for the diplomat David Mountolive, trapped in a world of illusion and deceit.This is the volume where some of the hidden currents swirling under the surface of the other two are exposed. Many surprises: many motives revealed: and above all, many wonderful set-pieces. There's the desert festival of Sitna Damiana, with the amazing transfiguration of Narouz. The bitter meeting between Mountolive and his former love, the then-beautiful younger Leila, where now after many years and the ravages of smallpox, "He saw a plump and square-faced Egyptian lady of uncertain years, with a severely pock-marked face and eyes drawn grotesquely out of true by the antimony-pencil." And the unforgettable discreet transaction between Nessim and Memlik Pasha: Nessim's "offering" is almost too elegant to be called a bribe: it is an addition to Memlik's prized collection of Korans, this one an "exquisite little Koran wrapped in soft tissue paper: he had carefully larded the pages with bank drafts negotiable in Switzerland."But above all, the final apocalyptic revelation, the full, dark blossom of total treachery and death makes an unforgettable climax. This is the one that deserves to be called a "page-turner."Now I have two small caveats or alerts to record. One is a little piece of trickery that Durrell uses all the time, which is effective until you notice it, then you say "Oh, not again!" I almost hesitate to mention it - should I lessen others' pleasure? but heck, this is a review! It's simply this: the excessive use of the word "great."See, it adds a sense of importance to whatever it describes. How many times does "the great car" bear them silently along the Corniche?" What a different impression it makes to have someone draw up the "great iron gates" instead of just "wide" or even "black" or "imposing" iron gates? It's not an annual duck-shoot on Lake Mareotis, it's "the great annual duck-shoot." And on and on...Mountolive sits at the "great desk," in Mountolive's English family home his mother spends her time in front of "the great fireplace..." Oh well. We can forgive him this considering the wonderful work as a whole.The other alert is that today's reader may be startled to see the n-word used in several places, with all its accustomed freight of stereotyping. In this respect Durrell was a product of his society and generation, unfortunately.But five stars anyway for an extraordinary reading experience.
The novel is touching. I am really surprised how so many reviewers say the novel is amazing to the point they are excited about homelessness. Having seen it it all in multiple countries, the problem in US is far less compared to developing countries. US it becomes worse in harsh winters. But still, it is far better in US with generous donations from people for food banks etc. Having volunteered in many food banks, I am astonished at amount of food they get on a daily basis. Grisham has captured the essence very well and the ending is fabulous. Why has Hollywood not made a movie out of it. I guess they are not interested in the concept of homelessness and want to avoid it. I am onto The Racketeer next. I listened to the audio book and the narrator is just on the spot. I really like listening to Grishmam's book on audio rather than reading them.
Munro is an extremely gifted writer who has the unique talent of keeping a woman's life in focus from adolescence to senescence. She plumbs the depths of her characters' emotional lives and finds beautiful expressive language at the same time. In the first story in this collection, "Runaway," a surprise ending shows how a husband can wreak revenge on his abused wife when she returns after leaving him unexpectedly.In the first of my favorite set of stories, "Chance," Juliet, a young Classics teacher leading a stunted life in Ontario, takes a fateful train ride and encounters a man from B.C. whose wife is dying; she later starts an unorthodox relationship with him but learns he already has a woman, Christa. (Many of Munro's characters are teachers or scholars.) "In the town where she grew up her sort of intelligence was often put in the same category as a limp or an extra thumb, and people had been quick to point out the expected accompanying drawbacks--her inability to run a sewing machine or tie up a neat parcel, or notice that her slip was showing. What would become of her, was the question." In a store, a woman says, "So that's the girl who talks Latin."The story is continued in "Soon," which concerns Juliet's trip home with her baby daughter, Penelope. It is 1969. She takes leave of Christa, who has become her friend. When they get there, Juliet finds her mother dying of heart trouble and her father tied down by manual labor after being fired as a teacher for being too outspoken. The story ends in "Silence," with time speeded up. Penelope, first adolescent and then grown, disappears from her mother's life without explanation, and Juliet's live-in companion, Eric, drowns; Christa becomes her best friend but then falls ill. Munro explores both the heartaches and the walling-in of emotions these events cause, and how Juliet continues through the years remaining to her.The remaining stories in the collection tell of an encounter between a woman and a sexy alcoholic, a trip up a country road to scatter someone's ashes, two Shakespearean parodies about mix-up of twins, and the life-stream of a woman who marries the wrong man and whose friend has powers of second sight about the right one. Several stories contain women characters who seem hard and rigid and disapproving, but always for an inner reason, a burden of pain.Munro almost literally has her finger on the pulse of people's hearts. For that reason alone, I can't do justice to her work. It's just something in which you immerse yourself.
Let me say that 50 pages into this book, I knew it was going to be an alltime favorite.  As I reached the halfway point, I was sad to know that I'd soon be finished.  I am cheered by knowing that I have 4 more books in  the series to go.This novel has opened my eyes to the beauty of small  town life.  I have also looked for ways that I could show such care and  kindness for those around me, even though I'm in a big city.The  characters are so real--with flaws which just make them more human.  I  laughed at loud many times, especially at the only thing that controlled  Barnabas the dog.If you are a Christian, familiar with church politics;  from a small town or with ties to one; a Southerner; a dog lover; or a  human being, you will find something that grabs you in this little town.
His humor is great and comes out as a blind side; wish he'd written more in this vein before passing.
When I was in a topology course in graduate school, I constantly returned to the Munkres book to get clearer explanations of concepts than any of the graduate-level books could provide.  What is noteworthy is that the ease of  understanding did NOT come at the price of shallower coverage or lack of  mathematical rigor.  Although this is an undergraduate text, it covers  almost everything you would get in a first-year graduate course in point  set topology.  If you want to learn that material for the first time  without an instructor, then this is the book to use.  And, if you are  working in another area of mathematics, and come across words like  &quot;compact&quot;, &quot;metric space&quot;, or &quot;connected&quot;,  and have forgotten what they mean, go straight to Munkres.  He always talks  to you like a real human being.
Catherine Called Birdy is the story of a girl named, you guessed it, Catherine. She is the daughter of a nobleman and is rapidly approaching the age of marriage but Catherine is not a proper young lady. Instead of sitting quietly and embroidering, she'd just as soon be romping around with the peasants, mucking in the mud. Her father is having none of her wildness and every week it seems he is inviting suitors to come bid to be her husband.Finding all of these men repulsive, Catherine makes a game out of running all of her potential husbands away but she meets her match. The grossest, ugliest man of all is determined to make her his wife and Catherine can't see a way out. Miserable, she turns to her best friend and her uncle but when they seem to have more fun without her, Catherine feels hopeless. Will she ever be happy again? And God's thumbs, why can't she just be a boy?This is a quirky and entertaining tale that I absolutely loved as a child. The book may not be suitable for younger children, I recommend this book for ages 11-15.
Written years ago, but I found this book a mirror into today.  Many characters that are all tied up with the London Metro.  Half historical, and lots of mind bending events.....
I am only part way through this book but I can already see that it is a watershed in popular mathematics. The real numbers were first conceived of as corresponding to points on a line and ideas about them were heavily based on geometrical ideas. Nineteenth and early twentieth century mathematicians did not think that this was a sound enough foundation and they set out to derive the properties of the real numbers from ideas about natural numbers and sets. The book that I cut my mathematical teeth on, "What is mathematics?" by Courant and Robbins followed this approach as did other expository classics like Rosza Peter's "Playing with infinity" and Hardy's "A course of pure mathematics".But all these great books had a subtextual theme that was quite different. It involved the nexus between complex numbers and such things as logarithms and trigonometric functions. This nexus of ideas is very closely connected to ideas about space. So inspite of their explicit agenda of developing mathematics on a independent foundation, these popularizers were letting geometry in through the back door.Penrose is the first popular writer I've come across to explicitly put geometry back at the foundation and center of mathematics. Along with that he introduces complex numbers as being a fundamental part of mathematical reality not reducible to ordered pairs of real numbers. Personally, I find this new approach very liberating. All of us who never felt that the real numbers were the main story and that complex numbers were peripheral can feel vindicated.
I love the interactive spelling sorts provided in this curriculum. I have all of the levels and can differentiate easily for my special education students. It is visual and kinesthetic, while teaching the patterns in the words. Worthwhile investment for teachers, make sure you get the administrators book which has the pre-assessment.
I am quite desolate when I read apriori comments about the book (although, only a few seem to be this time).  Nevertheless, 'I know this cannot be,' or 'most doctors wouldn't agree,' etc. etc. apriori arguing always irks me.  Read the book before speculating what it might say.The numbers are there and this is what I was looking for.  Rupert Sheldrake is the classic, dry, British author, arguing something very exciting and not at all dry.  Nevertheless, he is able to explain himself well.  However, quantative analysis are really where the argument either stands up or falls apart.  Thankfully, the argument is well supported; while some may lament the sample size, which was not awful but not great either, it is important to note that getting funds for this kind of work is harder than theoretical mathematics, so Sheldrake cannot really be blamed.Sheldrake's work is just another layer on the ESP debate; I am fairly convinced ESP exists--most striking experminets are probably the RNG experiments (because they are the easiest conduct properly, scientifcally, and without bias).  However, Sheldrake's work is every bit as important as it begs the question where conscioussness resides.  The numbers in this book certainly seem to suggest that the answer may not be as simple as previously imagined.One should probably read the Consciouss Universe by Dean Radin beforehand, which established more general research questions and designes.Finally, Sheldrake has a website, in which he addresses not only this research, but also research not yet published in his books.  Furthermore, he has a full section dedicated to 'controversies' his work has caused.  Well worth a read for the open mind.  The website is: [...]
I find the situation that Terry Trueman presents horrifying.  To be stuck in a body that cannot talk or focus, cannot even move in a controlled manner- a body that can only listen.  This is the body of a boy who has a functioning brain, who has feelings, who wants more than anything in the world to communicate with other human beings (namely his family) and tell them that he is alive and he understands and he hears them when they talk about him being retarded. This is a boy who longs to be accepted, who knows exactly what is going on but cannot react..... a gripping tale about a boy who's own father wants to kill him because he thinks that his son is in pain
The book is perfect but I also want to mention that the DVD (double layer) that cames with it is also fantastic. It actualy has compositing scenes from feature films like Star Wars !!! Must buy !
I love John Grisham more than ever!! I have read all of his books and I am a huge fan of legal thrillers, but this book was one of his best.  I also enjoyed The Testament.  I like it when he writes something other than legal thrillers and am tired of him being criticized for it.  He is so very talented and this book will touch your heart.  If it does not then there is a problem.  Who would think that little Luke Chandler could have such an interesting life?  Why this story kept me so enthralled I truly can't explain but I could not put this book down.  I was hooked from the first page, and I have to admit that Grisham's books usually take a few pages to capture me.  The only bad thing about this book was it ended too soon.  I want to know how little Luke grew up and  what happened to Pappy  and the farm.  This is one of those rare stories that stay with you for days and the characters refuse to let go.  This story made me laugh and cry.  Grisham is skilled at making  the story so vividly  alive that each emotion is fully experienced and each part of the story fully experienced.  I  hope he continues writing  like this!
Made to Stick is a great read and more!  Taking the idea of stickiness introduced by Malcolm Gladwell in The Tipping Point, authors Heath and Heath have produced more than a great read.  They've developed a workshop approach that helps the reader understand what makes things stick and then begin to see how to craft their own stickiness!  Packed with captivating stories that make the point, Made to Stick is a very engaging read with plenty to chew on.
This novel is NOT Sci-Fi although it is often referred to as such.  This is literary fiction and a truly original and gripping love story.  You'll find it hard to put down once you start reading.I've heard that the publishers had trouble marketing this book at first because they didn't know how to categorize it.  It's Literary Fiction with the interesting twist of believable time travel and a love story that will touch your heart and leave you in tears.The only thing I can think of to compare it to is the movie "Somewhere in Time".  If you liked the movie, this book is a must READ.If you're looking for fantasy and wizards, this is not the book for you.
It helps to have read "A Wild Sheep's Chase" before venturing on this book as this is a continuation of the story from it, but I can see how you do not need to have read "A Wild Sheep's Chase". However, your enjoyment might be blunted without the knowledge of the adventures and misadventures that the protagonist experienced in "A Wild Sheep's Chase".Typical of Murakami, there are otherworldly elements of fantasy and science fiction permeating throughout the book. The story pulses along a magical beat that doesn't let down. It was a thrilling, addicting read and I couldn't put it down. I took one star away from the rating because I found the ending rather unsatisfying and it left me hanging.
It's not as good as "The Mirror" but its got it where it counts. Good writing and solid story.Well done.
This book is the most hilarious book I have ever read.  If you need to laugh, cry, and think, all in one book, then this is the best choice for you.
I'm going to say this once, and then we'll all forget it--I spent 90% of this book despising the main character, Nick Andreas. Now that it's out of the way, I can go on to say that I loved BREATHING UNDERWATER and even came, in some small way, to understand--if not actually like--Nick's character.Nick is the kind of boy that you would look at and immediately say "man, that kid has it all." But you would be wrong. Because although he has a dad who makes a ton of money, and lives in a big, fancy house, and drives a shiny red sports car, Nick doesn't have a fairytale life. His father is abusive, both mentally and physically, and he can't even remember his mother. He has a best friend, Tom, who has the kind of family he wishes he had himself, and a pretty important A-list group of schoolkids that he hangs out with. His life isn't great, but he manages--until he meets Caitlin, falls in love, and things all fall apart.BREATHING UNDERWATER starts out with Nick appearing in court in answer to a restraining order that his once girlfriend, Caitlin McCourt, has taken out against him. The judge doesn't fall for Nick's innocent "who me?" act, and sentences him to stay away from Caitlin, both on school grounds and off; to enroll in a six month counseling class dealing with family violence and anger management; and to keep a journal, at least five hundred words per week, detailing what happened to end up where he is, and why.A lot of the book is told through Nick's journal, and it's through the words he writes that we come to know how abuse is a cycle--and how, many times, the abuser doesn't even realize that he's become like the person he most hates. This is Nick's story, the dawning realization that everything he hates about his father is manifested in his treatment of Caitlin. How did a boy who supposedly has it all end up beating his girlfriend senseless in a parking lot? How can love be so mixed up with the need to control that it leaves you breathless and shaking, angry at the person you love the most?Alex Flinn has written a very important story, that of family violence and the toll it takes on everyone involved. This is the kind of cycle that needs to be broken, before more young people like Nick repeat the only thing they know. A truly informative book, BREATHING UNDERWATER is not to be missed.Reviewed by:  Jennifer Wardrip, aka "The Genius"
This book gives you the insight into the mind of a retail customer. It helps the seller to learn help to manipulate all their customers into buying their products within their store. If I was you I work get this book too.
This is an expanded reissue of a book published a few years ago, about the fortune that is available to people who take on "the bottom of the pyramid," the four billion or so people who love at the bottom of the industrial heap.It may seem ridiculous to some to satisfy the needs of those who have little to no money, but this market is ripe for companies that will cater to it. The current problem is that people need smaller sizes of goods, often single-sized, and companies don't see the attraction in that. However, this market is still served by people who are predatory, like the loan people that charge a huge amount of interest, and the local stores that ask for much more than the same products in better areas.Prahalad makes a very strong case for the introduction of organized capitalism. While I don't believe strongly in capitalism, he points out that companies can pay a fair rate without exploiting workers who aren't aware of what the going rate is, like the fishermen who used to be unable to know what local markets offered. Now these fishermen use their cell-phones to know which place to go to get the best price. The cell-phone, often seen as a luxury in industrialized countries, now becomes a necessity in the third world.Where Prahalad thinks that the current system falls down is that multi-national companies see only the higher incomes of the 2 billion people of the rest of the pyramid, and don't realize the market of people in the lower part, where the amounts are small but the numbers are huge. Clearly counties like India, with a burgeoning middle class and a post-famine economy, are ripe for improvements in the earning powers of everyone, and such an improvement would make the whole country and workforce stronger.This book, in fact, is the original book plus new chapters on the success of the businesses and even a CD showing videos of them. The book has attracted the attention of people like Bill Gates, whose foundation is focused on the the third world.If you're unable to understand what Prahalad is advocating you should read this book. He has something important to say.
This book was recommended to me by a Special Education teacher. At first glance, I thought the premise seemed contrived, however once I began reading the book I was hooked. In fact it was so compelling that one day I sat in my car during my lunch break to be able to read in peace during summer weather in Texas.Haddon does a great job at showing us the struggle Christopher goes through to gain insight into the situation around him, while at the same time trying very hard to stay within the limits he has set for himself to keep his world orderly.This is a very well rounded story in all regards. The characters are expertly developed and the plot is excellent. The book is well written, with many creative touches.This is a wonderful book for high schoolers, teachers or parents to gain an understanding of what *might* be going on in the heads of special needs children.
I loved this book, and I recommended to several people.It's funny, easy to read, entertaining, and interesting. I don't think all age groups would enjoy it. I would say someone over 30 yrs old, who has experienced marriage would enjoy it.I can't wait to read another one of her books.
I can't say I'm surprised at the mixed reviews here. I first read Hannibal the week it came out in hardcover. I finished it in three or four days, and found it one of the ugliest, most depressing stories I have ever read. As others have suggested here, the ending was entirely unbelievable, and near ruined the entire book for me. But...With the release of the movie version this February (2001), I decided to go back and re-read all of Harris' &quot;Lecter&quot; books, in order: Red Dragon, The Silence of the Lambs, and Hannibal. I thought maybe I'd find a progression of character and relationship that would make the end of Hannibal more palatable, if not believable. For any reader who still has copies of all three books, I encourage you to read them, back-to-back. I can't promise that the ending of Hannibal will make total sense, but I found the exercise totally enjoyable. The first two books still hold up as classics of the genre, and Hannibal emerges as a daring, more experimental extension of the Starling/Lecter relationship that emerged in the second book.One disappointing thing about reading all three in quick succession: I realized that TSOTL is really just a retelling of Red Dragon -- they both involve the FBI's hunt for a serial killer, and in both books, the Bureau turns to Dr. Lecter for help. Lecter's cat-and-mouse games with the FBI make both books shine, but Harris outdoes himself with the Starling/Lecter relationship in TSOTL, making it, at least for me, the better book.It's this relationship that Harris tackles in Hannibal, and if you found it (the relationship) to be the most interesting and frightening thing about TSOTL, you really can't miss Hannibal. On rereading it, I appreciated Harris' refusal to simply tell another FBI v. serial killer tale -- this book has psychological depth that few horror/thriller books ever come close to. It's fascinating and subtle, exciting and well-written. If the end stretches things a bit too far, so what? The ride was exhilarating and challenging, and the ending will leave you thinking about it for days, refusing to accept it.And perhaps that's the point . . .
Libra is a fictional "biography" of Lee Harvey Oswald following his life and the plans that were underway during the seven months before the Kennedy assassination to make him the scapegoat. DeLillo, of course, takes liberties with the facts but he has produced a real page-turner and made Oswald into an entirely sympathetic character who may not have had the purest of motives but was not the one who fired the fatal shot.Interestingly, DeLillo attributes an inordinate amount of luck to the fact that the motorcade appeared when and where it did. Several coincidences occurred to make the assassination possible, totally out of the control of those planning it. And yet it still worked.The most fun part of reading it was noticing the ideas presented in the film JFK (filmed three years after Libra was published) appear in this book, making it a familiar territory. David Ferrie, in particular, is a major character and Guy Bannister appears often, also, as does Jack Ruby. De Lillo has obviously done his research.Having just seen JFK again, I picked this up as sort of a "companion" novel and it worked well in that capacity. I felt that the movie did not really touch on so much of Oswald's life and that Libra filled in those gaps well.DeLillo's sense of time and place are commendable and I think this was probably a good training ground for his epic Underworld, which has sat on my bookshelf, collecting dust for many years and which I will most likely now pick up and read.
This has to be one of my all-time favorite books - so much so that it was the first book I put on my Kindle (my paperback had been read to tatters).  It has everything you could possibly look for - adventure, mystery, romance, and horror.  Jennings is a wonderful storyteller, and his take on Marco Polo's journey to China and back made him come alive.  The only possible criticism?  I never wanted his story to end!
I actually read this after seeing the movie, and I still liked the book better. The writing is really good, and the story is very touching. I would recommend it to a friend. This isn't my usual kind of book, but it was well worth the price and the time spent reading it. I'll remember this story for a very long time.
This book was pretty cool.  Although this time, the story was told from Corwin's point of view instead of Nia's.  In this book though, Nia has changed too much.  In the last book, Ascension, she had a really bad temper, and now she's all patient and stuff.  Its not a change that happens very often.  Other than that, it was really cool.  The whole reading minds thing is really creepy though.  I would reccommend this book, especially if you like mermaids.
If you like Laura Ingalls Wilder books or if you like actual accounts of the past you will like this book. It also contains accounts of Rose Wilder Lane who was just a small girl when this move and these accounts were written.
I am glad I read this book. Very informative. I highly recommend that any agent no matter how long you have been in the business.
This Christmas book is relatively short (+170 pages) and is easy to read. It took me a little more than two hours to finish the novel. It was an enjoyable read. However, other than the fact that I learned there are people who spend thousands of dollars at Christmas time, I didn't learn anything from the book. Nor did it move me in any serious way. I found several parts to be quite hilarious (it is a satire after all), but laughter was the only emotion I felt./The story revolves around Luther and Nora Krank (anyone catch the symbolic last name). The book opens on the Sunday after Thanksgiving as Luther and Nora send their one and only child, their daughter Blair, off to Peru to begin a term of service with the Peace Corp. As the Kranks leave the airport and make a few trips on the way home (which causes much tension between the couple), Luther gets the brilliant idea of &quot;skipping Christmas&quot;, taking a cruise, and still saving thousands of dollars. Luther's plan goes off without too many problems. But then, something happens to turn his perfect idea into shambles./Grisham's novel seems to contain a lot of fluff. However, to assume the book is nothing but fluff, is a misunderstanding. SKIPPING CHRISTMAS is a satire largely lampooning the Christmas season in middle-class America. Some have suggested the book is racist because of certain comments. This is not true; racism is just one of the many societal ills satirized in this novel. The book is written in such a way that the ideas and attitudes being lampooned, could be disregarded because of the simple way in which the story is told./Overall, an entertaining novel that won't take much time to read but will make you laugh.
This book and others on working with others should be taught in the high-school level courses and even introduction; behavior aspect in the junior high classes. Heavy reading at times.
Another very intriguing and fast moving novel about Alex Cross.  Alex and Bree are planning their wedding; meantime, there are murders galore in D.C.  Some of the victims have mathematical equations on their bodies and some of the scumbags of the political world are being shot by a sniper.  It all melds together for a really great read.
Cute!
I read this book as a part of a management team a number of years ago, but have found it much more applicable to my personal life than I was able to use it in the corporate world.The truth exhibited in this book is that change happens. Sometimes it happens rapidly, sometimes it happens slowly, but it happens to all of us. Whether you are facing a change in your corporate structure, a change in your job, a change because you have moved, or simply are growing older, you will relate to some of the context of this book.The story is told about mice and humans who live in a maze. They find a source of cheese, and while the humans build their lives around the source assuming it will always be there, the mice notice when it is dwindling and seek a new source of cheese.Key concepts you learn in this book:Change HappensThey Keep Moving The CheeseAnticipate ChangeGet Ready For The Cheese To MoveMonitor ChangeSmell The Cheese Often So You Know When It Is Getting OldAdapt To Change QuicklyThe Quicker You Let Go Of Old Cheese, The Sooner You Can Enjoy New CheeseChangeMove With The CheeseEnjoy Change!Savor The Adventure And Enjoy The Taste Of New Cheese!Be Ready To Change Quickly And Enjoy It AgainThey Keep Moving The Cheese.
Rita Smith is now on her own as her father goes off to war. As her neighbors are rounded up with Italy siding with Germany, Rita finds herself caring for Louise and in the process Rita is force to give her dreams of joing the WAAF."Keep Smiling Through" is the third book in the Beach View series by Ellie Dean. I have to say that I didn't enjoy it as much as the first two books. The main reason that I just could not stand Louise. I just thought that she was so selfish and uncaring. While I did enjoy "Keep Smiling Through" the Louise character did make it harder for me to enjoy the book.
The author takes a quite scientific approach to a very unscientific subject in this book, offering evidence and examples of animal telepathy and precognition. Obviously, the examples and case studies are the most interesting parts of the book and the science behind the theory is easily broken down to make this an entertaining non-fiction book. I do wonder if in the nine years between  this book's publication and my discovery of it, if the outlined experiments for further study took place. And what the results were... maybe a follow-up or an updated version will be published at some pointEither way, I heartily enjoyed this book (though I don't think my dog is terribly psychic) and would most definitely recommend it to anyone at all interested in this fascinating subject matter.
This book quickly plugged some of the holes in my understanding of project management.  It also made the PM discipline more accessible and scalable for smaller projects.  And there are a lot of small projects.
As a teacher of the English language, I have been searching for a handbook worthy of recommendation to my students. I think I've found it. This book covers all the basics of the English language in an easy-to-understand manner, giving explanations for each: There are X's by the examples that are incorrect, thus preventing the possibility of misunderstandings.A look at the table of contents reveals the extensiveness of this book, which reaches considerably beyond the basics: What you don't see there, and may not realize by reading the sample pages, is the clarity of expression, which makes this book a definite winner.A hallmark of a good teacher is the ability to explain a concept in a way that his/her students can grasp it: This book is the next best thing to spending one-on-one time with a GOOD teacher.
I read this book as a kid and loved it. I enjoy romantic history when it's a good story in an interesting time and place. I don't do kissy-poo books. I still like this book.
This book has gotten less funny, and more scary, with every year as the world changes to come more in line with its "what if" scenario.  It's a brilliant work, by far my favorite of Atwood's books.More than a commentary, it's populated with real people who seem to be living very real lives.  It's easy to imagine yourself in this world as you read it.  Wonderful/scary.
This very quick read--is to the point--but powerful--and it will remind you of someone.  You will even come to the quiet realization of which character you play.  The beauty is that you can see yourself in a less threatening way--and realizing what you need to do to change yourself--to make you more change ready.  I've read many books on change--and I still really liked this one--because it is a story I can tell my coworkers--where they can in a humorous way see where they fit in--without it being a negative lesson. Buy it and tell the story to those you want to change.
We are a financially illiterate nation.  No one book can be all things to all people; however, this book will go a long way in ensuring readers of this literary gem tackle the challenge of understanding credit and mortgages.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It was an easy read that only took a few hours to complete and yet it gave a comprehensive overview of credit and the mortgage process.  The author articulated in an honest and straightforward manner the right and the wrong way to do business based on what she has seen from both perspectives in her time in the industry working for both the big boys in the industry and smaller players.As someone who has spent many hours studying and teaching about credit and mortgages, I feel the reader will walk away better for having invested the time in reading this book and I will not hesitate in recommending it to others.  I can confidently say that this book will clearly pay for itself as any of the multiple solid strategies mentioned for improving one's credit, finding the right professional and negotiating away junk mortgage fees will far exceed the cost of this book.  Credit and mortgages are not easy topics to tackle; particularly concisely within the confines of a book.  However, the author does an effective job in really hitting most of the key issues.I think the format of the book facilitates moving through a lot of material in a coherent manner.  There are 30 brief chapters grouped in a logical sequence and the "What's Coming Next" chapter endings are a nice touch and smooth out the transitions.About the first quarter of the book is devoted to credit.  This includes a discussion of how it is measured and how to improve one's credit score.  This section includes a nice discussion of credit myths and practical action steps and examples of how to fix one's credit.  This is all solid information that everyone (including those not even shopping for a mortgage) needs to know.I also like that later in the book (chapter 20) she takes the time to mention the importance of hiring a buyer's broker.  This is the one thing about the real estate industry that always makes me wonder.  Here we have people engaged in what for most will be their major lifetime purchase and it is the one area of business where we have the same agent often representing both sides of the transaction simultaneously.  This is insanity.  Heed the author's advice and always hire a buyer's broker!I like the insider's perspective on working for banks vs. the independent mortgage broker.  This is the behind the scenes stuff that most consumers don't understand or take the time to appreciate.  The challenge with this is the banks and their strong lobbyists can pressure Congress to regulate the independent folks out of business and this means less competition and higher prices.Each chapter has nuggets of great information; however, my favorite chapters are in the middle of the book and are truly the heart of the book and the wealth of information:Carolyn's Ten Step Loan Process Checklist (Chapter 10) offers a complete and chronological list of what you should do and when you should do it.An overview of the dreaded Yield Spread Premium (YSP) (Chapters 15 and 16) is covered .  If you do not know what this is (as my guess is the case with most people getting a mortgage) then you really need to read this book.The Good Faith Estimate (GFE) Tricks and Traps (Chapter 17) lets you know what to look for in the GFE and where the junk fees pop up.  The author does a great job dissecting this form and showing both the old and the newer HUD version of what to expect with fees and what is normal and what is junk.  In the process, letting you know what questions to ask.What Does it Take to Get Approved (Chapter 19) is self explanatory and important for people to understand before they get started in the process.If the author reads these reviews, I do have five suggestions to improve an already stellar work.  Look, I might be nitpicking and asking too much as this book already packs a ton of information into a small package.  However, if I had a dream list, I think addressing these five areas would be it:First, the author is clearly a proponent of paying off one's mortgage early and owning a home free and clear and makes the case for a 15-year mortgage and goes as far to mention it is one of her favorite products.  While I agree this is appropriate for some, this may be the only thing I read that I tend to disagree with.  The 30-year mortgage has a variety of benefits for a variety of reasons.  I understand the arguments for each; however, I feel a brief section outlining the pros and cons of a 15-year vs. 30-year mortgage would be appropriate and fit well with the concepts developed throughout the book.Look, with rates historically low and currently in the mid fours for someone with stellar credit and the required down payment, this makes even more sense.  I simply like the 30-year product better; particularly for someone who knows they will be in their home for life.  This just comes down to the time value of money and running scenarios with a financial calculator.  There is an opportunity cost to paying off one's mortgage early.  That is funds that can be invested elsewhere.  Based on our budget deficits and debt, we will have inflation in the future and having a fixed rate in the mid fours a couple of decades from now is appealing and will seem like nothing and there will likely be many low risk investment products offering a higher yield.  Plus, I don't like giving up the tax deductibility of mortgage interest by paying off a loan 15 years early.  The author jokes that one can make a donation to their favorite charity to take advantage of tax deductions; (a nice suggestion by the way for other reasons as there are plenty of noble causes) however, mutually exclusive of the issue at hand.  Finally, while I acknowledge there are interest savings with the 15-year product over the 30 year (both with the lower rate and faster amortization), one can always get a 30-year mortgage and change their mind and pay off the loan early with no additional costs based on their life situation.  Conversely, the cost of changing one's mind and wanting to go from a 15-year mortgage to a 30-year mortgage can be considerable; particularly if refinancing is not an option because of being upside down (25% of the country is underwater right now...75% in the states of AZ and NV) or suffering a job loss.  There are other reasons as well; however, you get the idea.  I just think that many people who qualify for a 15-year mortgage and who look at an amortization schedule opt for the 15-year loan and the apparent interest savings without evaluating all of the other moving parts based on their particular life situation.Second, the author mentions equity acceleration programs both in a section towards the end and in an anecdote at the beginning of the book.  While she does a good job warning the reader about the many charlatans selling these products, this section can be expanded simply because many of the people selling these really engage in egregious marketing ploys by only mentioning the positive attributes of these plans.  These go by many names including Australian and Green mortgages and have really been marketed aggressively (particularly in the mid-Atlantic states) the past few years.  As the author states, these sound too good to be true for a reason; however, this can be elaborated on with some key disadvantages that need to be highlighted.  First, these mortgages are often considered revolving debt (not the installment debt that the vast majority of traditional mortgage products are) and that small nuance will literally destroy someone's credit score.  In addition, there is an issue with many of these products technically not being origination debt and thus ultimately not being fully eligible for the mortgage interest rate deduction  if the IRS puts its foot down with a strict interpretation of the law.Third, the author talks about discount points in a few areas of the book; however, novice readers might be left not understanding when it makes sense to pay these.  While it is tough to know the exact break-even point without the mastery of a financial calculator and an accurate forecast of how long one will be in the home, it could be emphasized that paying discount points, or prepaid interest, does not make sense if one does not plan to remain in the home for many years.Fourth, I think more time can be spent explaining the difference between a conventional / conforming loan and a jumbo loan.  I know this is complex since the old $417,000 limit is now a sliding scale based on location.  The author even references a website to illustrate this point.  Plus, the premium in the spread for jumbo loans has varied so much from 2007 to 2011; however, the reader would benefit from a little more overview of this topic.Finally, I think the reader would benefit from a detailed discussion of PMI.I am really nitpicking with the above five recommendations as the author did a phenomenal job of summarizing the complex topics of credit and mortgages and it is impossible to hit on everything.My main fear is response to what played out in the early 2000s will be an overshoot by the government and we will see much bad regulation to go along with the good that should have been in place to begin with.  To illustrate this, the author makes mention of the Home Value Code of Conduct and the asinine result it has had on the appraisal process.  It is just unsettling what we might see come from new regulation / regulators and the likes of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.  Washington, please think through very carefully what you do!While Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are train wrecks that were poorly run, I fear what happens if they are eliminated all together in the next few years.  I just don't know if the private sector can be relied on to buy mortgage debt.  Comments by some of the prospective buyers of this debt, like Bill Gross in recent days, make me fear what risk premium will be built into mortgages in the future.  The good news is hopefully we will have Carolyn Warren on our side with an updated edition of this book to deal with this changing landscape.
It's hard to come out with words to describe this book. I was recomended this book by a friend and it was great. Very clear! I think this book should be the standard to which we should compare all other books. Savitch  has done an awesome job. If you want to learn Java then you should learn it  from the master if you want to one day be a master. If so, this is your  book!
This is my favorite book. I have read it more than once and will again. Diana Gabaldon is a storyteller of the highest talent. The characters are like friends. You'll laugh, cry and love every minute of it. Don't miss it.
I have not fully begun to utilize this as a study resource but for the small parts that I have, mainly biochem, it has been a great addition to my studying.
After purchasing "Dangerous Angels" I was on a streak with getting anything that Block had written. Echo was one of the ones that stood out the most. Again taking me a while to get around to reading, I dont regret picking it up and just starting it.Echo, like "Rose and The Beast" and "Psyche In a Dress" takes the old myths of Greek and Roman legends and gives them a modern, poetic twist.Block is definitely a writer who writes for herself, and in that, though she isn't selling out and making millions, she keeps her stories true to the fans who keep with her.
In my personal mathematics education, I spent too much time worrying about "understanding," and not enough time building the capacity for technical execution. This kind of problem book is the perfect antidote to such an error. Mendelson offers, as noted in the title, 3000 solved problems in calculus, with all steps elaborated. One can sit down and start working problems. Then, when one gets stuck, one may simply look up the next step and continue. It is a superb model for building the technical repertoire necessary to excel in mathematics. Highly recommended. Buy a copy and work through the whole thing!
This book is one of the best written introductions to networking I have read. Every IT pro should have a fundamental grasp of networking technologies and Architecture of Networking Systems provides the student with more that the Network+ sort of basics without getting the reader lost in the complexity of the topic.I believe the perfect example of this is how the authors treat QoS. IT Pros have certain preconceived ideas about what QoS is and how it works - many of these are inaccurate or outright wrong. ANS covers this massive topic expertly for an introductory manual.The only negative is its size. Actually I am two minds on this. I'm sick of 1000+ page books on this topic. Truthfully entire book cases could be filled with material on this topic and ANS covers it in just 344 pages. This means that the authors have to be efficient and effective in their explanations, which they are, but it is a fact that at 344 pages some things must go unsaid.
I recently read the Steig Larrsen "Girl" series and was sad when they were over.  Stumbled across this book on a special and find it to be almost as good. I love when books are set in other cultures, yet you can find things about the characters to relate to.  I will likely check out the other "Kurt Wallender" books.
This book is a compendium of information about shrimp, written for general audiences.  The authors, who own Gulf Specimen Marine Laboratory, have been collecting and researching sea creatures their entire lives.  In this book, they share a wide variety of information and anecdotes concerning shrimp.  The book covers the different types of shrimp worldwide, worldwide culinary attitudes towards shrimp (no recipes), the shrimping business and its challenges, shrimp farming, environmental issues concerning shrimp, and uses for chitin, a shrimp by-product.  The book includes a few black and white photographs and an index but no reference list.This book answers many questions for the shrimp-curious, from shrimp history to shrimp sustainability.  The text is quite approachable, written for general rather than academic audiences.  Some sections tend to ramble a bit, but overall, the book is an interesting, enjoyable read.
This small but mighty (94 pages) dinner really does contain a lot of meat that can be useful in your everyday living.  The &quot;cheese&quot; represents what we want in this life.  Most of our successes will come as  the result of how we deal with change and adapt to it.  Many companies are  providing this to their employees, to help them be more flexible and  adaptable to the changes that we see DAILY in our work lives.  This book  can help you see change as a positive thing, yielding positive results for  you.  The &quot;Discussion&quot; section of the book can help you apply  what you've read to your own situations.  I found it helpful to refer to  the &quot;Cheese Book&quot; for weeks after I finished devouring it.  If  your company doesn't supply it, you owe it to yourself to get a copy.  It  will help you stay ahead of the pack, enjoying the tasty morsels while your  colleages are still knawing at the unopened wrapper !
He turns many an interesting phrase, but it drags on a bit. lots of color into this time and age, but the great American novel, no way
A very well written account of the movie business--detailing a lot of the major players. Discussion how decisions are made and how grown men act like little boys most of the time. This industry is ruthless and this book gives the reader on all the inside scoop about how that happens. A fascinating read.  The pictures stink but thats ok.
In 1945, Claire Randall a former combat nurse is back from the war and reunited on a second honeymoon with her husband, Frank, in the rural countryside of Scotland.  But a magical stone circle thrusts Claire back in time to 1743 - when Scotland was on the verge of a disastrous uprising against the British.  Cast into a bewildering, primal time when Scotland is torn by war, Claire is compelled to join forces with a young Scotsman named Jamie Fraser when she unintentionally attracts the attention of an infamous British soldier known as Black Jack Randall ---- her husband Frank's ancestor.  Jamie rescues Claire from Randall's attentions by marrying her.  Suddenly, Claire is enmeshed in the intricate politics of Scottish clan life, saddled with a stranger as a husband.  But Jamie is a gallant young warrior whose compassion, tenderness and courage compel Claire to consider whether she will try to return to her own time or stay with the young man who has captured her heart.  Gabaldon has written a magnificent first novel that is chock full of valiant battles, breath-taking escapes and heart-pounding sex.  "Outlander" is a terrific achievement, providing non-stop action and likable, believable protagonists.  Although the book is an unabashed romance, Claire is no vapid, young heroine; she is an older, experienced woman who has endured death and violence as a nurse in World War II.  Her medical and herbal knowledge provide entr&eacute;e into the suspicious Scottish society which welcomes a woman who can diagnose smallpox or efficiently return a dislocated shoulder to its proper place.  "Outander" is a book to be savored again and again by the discerning historical romance fan.
This was my 1st Douglas Kennedy book and definitely not my last. I loved the book,the story, the main character and could not put it down. Loved it
Traditional southern law and scandal of JG. Set in early 90s so some of the salaries and such are comical by 2013 standards. Read if you like his classic stuff.
This is a great book to have for an investing collection. The author's system consists of eight different indicators to provide you with a positive or negative number at the end. I personally don't like to buy and hold. I've learned that these aren't the days of 1960's steady growth and high dividends, although you could find a few diamonds in the rough. I think that some sort of strategy will be needed to gauge market conditions and let you know when it's time to get in and out. If you don't use that strategy and prefer to hold for longer, I would recommended picking up this book.It takes about 30 mins on a weekend to compile the data and make a descion based on your findings. It's not perfect and there is a bit of a of a learning curve if you aren't familiar with basic technical analysis. The good news is that the book breaks everything down step by step and Leslie does a good job of updating the website and the providing up to date thoughts on the market. You can visit the Buy Don't Hold website and download the latest indicators form as some of the values have been changed. I've been monitoring the system since early this year and agree that if you put the work into learning this system, you'll reap the reward.
This is a great book for anyone in public speaking regardless of whether you intend to do a TED talk or not. Any speech can be given in the structure of a TED talk.  It breaks down a TED talk into the various sections of a speech:  pre-open, opening, post-open, middle, end, and final closing.  The book is well sprinkled with examples of what to do and what not to do. The author rewrites what not to do speeches into what to do ones. Throughout the book, the author directs the reader to various TED talk videos so you can get real examples.  A very worthwhile read for those that want to present well.
I absolutely detest science fiction and fantasy of any sort in literature but, from the first page, was absolutely captivated by this story.  Atwood never disappoints and is the masterful type of writer who engages the cynic, delights the downtrodden, and consistently delivers some of the best literature of this and the next century.
Had this series for years and years and now that I'm finally getting down to reading it, found that the second volume was missing so was super happy to find it here.  Received it in excellent condition and look forward to reading it.
Reading this as a kid, I sobbed my eyes out. Rereading as an adult, I practically did the same. This is a simply written story, good for kids in grades 3 and 4, about a boy and his beloved dog who enter a dogsled race in order to win money to save the family farm. Among the challengers is a tall, menacing, inscrutable Native American who also races for a good cause and has never lost a race. The ending is a sad surprise but part of what makes this such a transcendent story is that this ending is so much more than sad... it's as much about loyalty, love, dignity, respect, and honor as any story I've ever read.
If this book hadn't been recommended by a good friend, I'd never heard of it. And if the story didn't involve time-travel it would never have found its way into my hands.What we have here is a story about people. The time travel plays a huge part in the details and setting by the effect it has on everyone involved. But at its core, this is a story about the indomitable spirits of a man and a woman who's past, present and future are intertwined in a very strange, but wonderful way.And for time-travel buffs, the implications of traveling into your own past and future, whether it be 40 years or 40 minutes, are thoughtfully considered. There's no cheesy-ness to be found in that regard. It's not what you'd call "hardcore sci-fi" but it's far from "A Connecticut Rabbit in King Arthur's Court".What if you were to travel back in time and met your spouse when they were a child, only to learn that they had met you before, but an older you from farther in the future? Or what if, during those pre-teen years of budding sexuality you had the opportunity to meet yourself, only days or weeks younger, in person and in private? The author doesn't flinch from exploring possible outcomes to such situation. Such situations lend a sense of reality to the book, because the characters handles them in realistic ways that you can imagine yourself, or someone like you, handling them.I'll admit that for the first few chapters I was a little confused about how it all worked. We are thrown into the conundrums of time pretty quickly. But if things are murky at first, stick with it, and all becomes clear soon enough.I don't normally read book club recommendations (too Oprah for me), but this one is well worth the adventure. An excellent first novel by an author I will definitely seek out in the future.
Here is a book written 20 years ago, in which a major terrorist act (blamed on Islamic fundamentalists, no less) prompts quick governmental obliteration of rights and freedoms in the name of the "greater good."  People's private lives are tracked through credit card transactions (Compucards, in the story).  Birth control and abortion is discouraged on bible-thumping moral grounds (in the book, to the point of being illegal).  Women have prescribed functions; those that are in "power" only really serve to keep the other women in line.  These scenarios are truly taken to an extreme in the "Handmaid's Tale," but looking at current events, one does wonder how much "extreme" the situations described really are when taken in context (9/11, Homeland Security, even the appointment of W. David Hager to the Reproductive Health Drugs Advisory Committee).  It's truly frightening when a fictional, sexist, oppressive dystopia can be so allegorical to what is actually happening in the U.S.  As one reviewer from the Houston Chronicle said, "Read it while it's still allowed."
Purchased to round out my library.  Have enjoyed each and every time I have read it.
Thrilling, fast-paced, educational, page-flipping novel (not a scifi) that I can highly reccomend. Story set in an environment of airplane manufacturer facility investigating under pressure what looks like a plane malfunction.
Sheds light on the necessity of focused practice and why it works.  One of the most insightful reads I've done!
One of my regrets in life is not learning another language, so I decided to try and learn a language very  different from my own. The book is for beginners and easy to understand. Like anything worth learning you do need to devote time to the subject. The author has good insights to the language and is even entertaining to read. Worthwhile book.
I read "The Things They Carried" in my junior year of high school honors English.  My entire class was captivated - and when an author can enthrall sixteen teenagers with a subject so apparently distant as war, that says something.By the time I finished reading the novel, I had skimmed the reviews reprinted on the first few pages, and immediately felt that many of the critics had misunderstood.  "Things" is not simply a war novel - it is so much more.  It's even greater than the fundamental human emotions that permeate it.  It's commentary on the art of writing a story, on truth, on memory, on experience.  It's a truly great work because it can mean so many things and yet still be so profound.
Typical Rendell. Inexorably leading to its logical end.  It does get a bit depressing, following the madness, but Rendell is so good at it!
There have been enough thoughtful reviews of this book that I won't rehash the content.  I will say only that in all my many, many years of history reading, I have very seldom, if ever, encountered a work that is simultaneously more wonderfully crafted and informative than this.  Ahamed is an absolutely splendid writer who is able to explain to the general reader even the most arcane of financial concepts and strategies without a hint of condescension and tells the tale of the Great Depression with compassion, humor and incisiveness.  What is most unsettling, of course, is the inescapable conclusion that the four principal characters, all experienced, thoughtful, and generally well-intentioned men, did not understand either the interconnection or the gravity of the financial threats they were trying to quell.  One wonders whether their present-day counterparts will be any more successful in re-establishing the world's financial equilibrium.  However they fare, you will better understand what is going on, and what is being done to address evolving issues, if you afford yourself the pleasure of reading this marvelous book.
'The Logic of Chance' is one of the most intelligent books written on Biology and Evolution. It is an outstanding success and confidently lines up with classical treaties by J. Monod, F. Jacob, S. Gould and others that have inspired Prof. Koonin to come up with this extraordinary synthesis. Challenging yet excellent!
Several people mentioned this book to me when my job changed and I was having a hard time with it.  It's a short read, and it does make you think, although it's a little simple.  I should have gotten it from the library instead.  But in a way it DID make me re-evaluate my thought process.
Yes, I am a huge fan of the WMC.  Love the characters, the villains, the San Francisco setting.  Keep them coming!
In this heartbreaking story a simple handyman finds himself a victim of circumstances combined with vulgar anti-semitism. Set in Kiev in the early 20th century , the novel is both an indictment of racism and a testament to human endurance. Yakov Bok , the fixer is accused of a horrible crime and many seemingly innocuous events are twisted by his accusers to fit their need to persecute a jew for political purposes. As Bok's mental and physical condition deteriorates the language subtly changes to capture his state of mind. Bernard Malamud utilizes this literary device to great effect. We feel Bok's despair and his occassional glimpses of a hope that refuses to die out completely despite the evident hopelessness of his circumstances.This is a wonderful and important contribution to 20th century literature.
this is an amazing book.  The story background is great.  I cried and cant wait to share it with a family who is adopting.
The title mentioned for this review would much better fit the bill for this book. As you may know the movie picture of similar title, this book does not represent anything more as inspiration which it is based upon.Being published for the first time in 1927, this book very much describes the history of the underworld in Manhattan as you may call the pre-maffia period. At that time Manhattan was New York and the Irish overwhelmed the Italians at that point of about 10 to 1. Research has been based on storytelling and news articles, but nevertheless make this book a good read as long as you take it with a pinch of salt. The terminology of 'half a dozen' and 'most ferocious of its time' are featured often and betray its inaccuracy, but going back in time this book might be the best you can get as far as a detailed description of the times.It is great to see the likes of Bill the Butcher, the Monk with the notches in his club and similar characters from the movie appear in their real-life habitat and timeline as you will find out that some of them could never have known each other. It is advised, however, to take a good look at the map of Manhattan before you read this when 'lower East Side' or 'fourty-second and third avenue' don't ring a bell in your mind, it makes this book much easier to read.I would recommend this book to anyone interested in gangster tales or New York history. Being a fan of both made this a good fit for me.
Beautifully illustrated and great selection of sealife! Really well done ad accurate--i do share this with my class and they enjoy it as well.
Other than his short stories, I have never read much by Ernest Hemingway.  When I picked this one up, I was intrigued.  It was well worth the time!A Moveable Feast is a lush account of life in Paris in the early 20s.  Hemingway writes about life as a young writer struggling to hone his craft.His descriptions of life in the cafes, at the race track, and traveling through Europe are vivid and full of life.  He loved his life as a poor, struggling writer, and this comes through so honestly.Name dropping is taken to a new level as he talks about his friendships with Stein, Picasso, Ezra Pound, and F. Scott Fitzgerald.This is an excellent introduction to Hemingway, and also to Fitzgerald, as reading A Moveable Feast helped me to understand Fitzgerald in greater depth.
Like most businesspeople, you don't need more tricks to put in your bag. You don't have time to read vague expositions on a fad. You want to know how to serve people better through better products and services.In 'What Customers Want,' Anthony Ulwick offers a rigorous, comprehensive methodology for doing just that. The underlying principles in the book, which were introduced by Ulwick in the Harvard Business Review, each receive thorough treatment. In clear language, Ulwick explains the big picture behind his outcome-driven method. He capably explains in minute detail how to put the method to work.As the title suggests, Ulwick's outcome-driven method is as much about marketing as it is about innovation proper. Yes, it is about research and development, but it is also about branding. It may just be that the ultimate brand message follows a simple pattern: "We offer you exactly what you want--in fact what you can't do without--with no superfluous bells and whistles, for a very reasonable price." This book shows you how to arrive at a point where you and your company can confidently make such a statement.The outcome-driven approach to innovation rests on common-sense tenets that have been supported by fairly rigorous research. These principles include:-Customers have a hard time articulating what it is they want. With skilled guidance, however, they are very good articulating what they want to get done.-As humans, we can't help but measure how successfully we were able to complete a task, even mundane ones like shaving or cutting a board. We unconsciously do this measuring using between 50 and 150 different criteria. These criteria are the "outcomes" we want to result from the task. It is possible for skilled interviewers to help customers articulate these outcomes.-The responsibility and freedom to develop new features should belong to your experts, not your customers.-Your experts deserve two vital pieces of information: (1) a list of exactly what tasks your customers are trying to get done, and (2) a list of the 50-150 outcomes customers use to measure how well a product or service helps them complete those tasks. Armed with that information, your experts can engage in focused, productive brainstorming and ultimately deliver a breakthrough product or service that is full of value.-A product or service has maximum value when it is free of unneeded features and empowers customers to complete a task 100% successfully.This book takes you from the beginning of an innovation initiative all the way to its measurably successful completion. Each step includes specific, actionable guidance. Attention is also devoted to segmenting markets within an "outcome-driven" paradigm.In 'What Customers Want,' Ulwick does not just write about his experiential knowledge; he explains a complete method. As methods go, this is a solid one that results in greater customer satisfaction and increased return on investment.What is more, it is an energizing read. To follow through with Ulwicks methods is embark on an adventure that is exciting yet prudent. I have seen the results in my company, and I have no qualms over speculating that the outcome-driven approach is the future of innovation.
This is a great book...alot of useful information that helps one in all areas of communication....I also enjoyed another book equally as much...How To Talk To People: "Simple Steps To Connect With Anyone Instantly!..these two are on the top of my list!
Sometimes there are books or movies that I recognize are well done but are still unsuited to me personally. Like modern art, I can sometimes recognize the genius but still not want it in my house. This book was like that for me. I finished it last night, at one sitting, and was never bored. I have a master's in math (the protagonist excelled in math) and while I hope my social skills exceed the boy's (he was autistic)- I can certainly identify at some level there as well. In spite of all this, and of the fact that the book was written from the perspective (I suppose for the first time) of a 15 year old autistic boy, I did not find it endearing. I cannot help but identify strongly with the protagonist of a story, and if that person is an unpleasant character I find the experience distasteful. Of course the boy could not help it, but he was one of the most narcissistic individuals I've encountered in literature. The book reminded me in many ways of "Confederacy of Dunces", a book I also admired from a literary point of view but did not like the mood it created in me.The plot is less important than the style in this book, but briefly stated it concerns an autistic boy's attempt to solve a mystery in the neighborhood as well as write about it. The amazing, and I emphasize amazing, feature of this book is the ability of the author to write so brilliantly from the perspective of an autistic child. I've never known anyone truly autistic, so it is a bit of a presumption, but it seems to have been carried off perfectly by the author.A couple of asides that may illustrate both what I liked and what bothered me about this book. At one point Christopher (the boy, I don't think I ever got around to mentioning his name) discusses a math problem called the "Monty Hall Problem", that while seemingly intuitive was actually somewhat complex. Many math PhD's wrote in dogmatically protesting what they felt was an incorrect answer given by Marilyn vos Savant to the Monty Hall Problem, and just that many were shown to be wrong, regardless of the vehemence of their conviction otherwise. They were also convinced that it was very unlikely that so many of them, as the mathematical authorities of the country, could be in error. How about that?The other story, and I think revealingly related, comes about as Christopher explains a bit of why he is an atheist and gives a capsule defense of Darwinism. He then tackles one of the more difficult points, that of how the evolution of irreducibly complex organs/organisms was able to occur. The eye is often used as an example, as people ask what good would half an eye be, as an evolving species would need to have for a time on the mutationous road from blindness to sight. The atheistic voice (speaking through Christopher) points out that 50% of an eye, or even 1% of an eye, would be better than none and would still confer genetic advantage to be passed down to offspring. And this rather reminds me of the first story, because even though tons of scientists dogmatically hold this view, and scoff at those who question it, they are just as blind, if I may say, as those math PhD's from the previous story. Subconsciously or by intelligent design I don't know, but they make a verbal switch from eye to vision and then attack a straw man. No one argues that 50%, or even 1%, of vision is better than none, but for an irreducibly complex system, half an eyeball does not equal half vision, it equals no vision. This is obvious once pointed out, but as the experts are stymied by the limitations of their dogmatic ideology they care not see it.And this brings me to why I recognized this book was extremely well written but ultimately for me unenjoyable. I recognize this as a weakness of mine, and not the fault of the author, and that is why I think it deserves four stars and why I think most people will find it an excellent and unique read. I couldn't get past the sterility and self-centered world that the main character lived in, however. His inability to ever empathize made me feel as if I were reading the diary of a sociopath. I realize this to be a sign that the writer did his job exceedingly well, but a little too well for me to come away smiling.
This book is the sequel to The Flame Trees of Thika.  It recounts the life that Elspeth and her family  had from their return to Kenya after the First World War to the departure of Elspeth to England to start college.  This book recounts Elspeth's growth from girl to young woman.  It describes not only life with her family, but also interactions with many more young settlers(read men), natives, and the changeing relationships between them.  And, of course, some of the stars are the wildlife of Africa.  An excellant book, a really good read, and highly recommended.
This is an incredibly well-written book.  I never thought it could be possible to write a history book with heavy emphasis on world economics and make it read like a suspense novel.  Nevertheless, Liaquat Ahamed does exactly that.  Starting in 1914 and ending in 1933 (with Epilogue covering 1934 all the way into 1950s), this book is a fascinating account of the European and American world desperately struggling to get up on its feet after the Great War and failing miserably.Economics and finances aren't exactly the liveliest subjects but Ahamed succeeds to make them interesting with analogies and anecdotes and by frequent infusion of political and historical perspectives, thus never bogging down in the dryland of numbers and statistics.  However, what truly makes this book shine is is constant emphasis on the personalities of 4 main protagonists, central bankers of US, England, France and Germany.  The four bankers that "broke the world" are shown with all their strengths and weaknesses, bringing them to life.
This is my favorite book. I can't even tell you how many times I have read it. Every single character is so perfectly written. I read this book with a huge grin on my face, just preparing myself for the laugh out loud portions. This book is pure gold. Read this then read the sequel, "The Devil's Cub." You won't be sorry.
I bought The Great Big Book of Children's Games as resources for preschool teachers who are participating in a series on Early Literacy. The games in the book are a wonderful way to teach children language and social skills and to begin developing "executive function". Thanks for good products!
Thus Spoke Zarathustra (originally Also Sprach Zarathustra) is considered by some (myself included) to have been the crowning work of the nineteenth century German philosopher Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche (1844-1900). Unlike most modern philosophical works, Zarathustra&#8217;s format harkens back to the Bible and to the ancient Greek works such as Plato&#8217;s dialogues. In it, Zarathustra wanders the landscape, talking to people, drawing out the fallacies of what they believe and propounding Nietzsche&#8217;s philosophy.Overall, I found this to be one of the most challenging works I have ever read. Nietzsche&#8217;s use of paradox and ambiguity tends to obscure his teachings, while at the same time challenging the reader to read closely and understand what he is saying in spite of the ambiguity. But, it is well worth the effort.In his seminal work, The End of History and the Last Man, Francis Fukuyama argues that the last philosophy standing that can possibly challenge the reigning philosophy of the West is that of Friedrich Nietzsche. And so, I do believe that it is worth understanding Nietzsche. Is this the best book to read to understand the great philosopher? I can&#8217;t say. But, it is the book I started with. It is a challenging read, but definitely well worth the effort. I have had a copy of this book since college, and to this day I still periodically take it off the shelf and read it again.
A fascinating multi-cultural journey from Shanghi to Wall Street.  Well worth reading, for it covers several intertwinedstories showing the author's path to success, which required drive, judgement and intelligence.Tom Gochberg, CEOTGM Associates
This is one of those books that changes the way you see the world.I've read a few of Steinbeck's books, including the big ones and some of the smaller ones.In Dubious Battle is just as excellent as Grapes of Wrath, only in a smaller way.  After I finished this book, I sat and thought for a long time, unable to get it out of my mind.This is not to be missed.  Entertaining and thought provoking.
This is technically the first in the Bernard Cornwell Sharpe series, and because of that, the first I read based on a timeline I saw on Mr. Cornwell's site. Granted, I started this series because I'd seen the Sharpe movies with Sean Bean, but don't let that detract from a wonderful story. Sharpe's Eagle is a fascinating story of the Napoleonic Wars (The Peninsular Wars) one rarely hears about. The detail of the battle, the battalion inner-workings, firearms of the day, and landscape were enough to keep me interest throughout the story.As for Richard Sharpe, I found him to be a hard character, willing to do anything to get the job done (soldiering, the only thing he knows) but an honorable man, too. He fights for what he believes in as much as for what his commanding officers tell him to. Brought up from the ranks, a near impossibility in the British army at the time, Sharpe is far from what other officers consider a gentleman, and yet comports himself much more gentlemanly than they. It's part of his charm as well as what often gets him into trouble.In the Historical Note, Mr. Cornwell mentions what really happened at Talavera, yet despite that, and the liberties he took with history, instead of being indignant, I'm far more curious. I'd usually toss this book against the wall and never read another in the series, yet the writing and story intrigue me to read more.The supporting characters are equally well drawn, especially SGT. Harper, who follows Sharpe throughout the series. I look forward to reading more of their exploits.
This book is a replacement for my 20 yr old book that is falling apart. It means a lot to me and I fear loosing some pages wich almost happened not to long ago. The book came in fair condition as I expected. I was worned about water marks that did not damage the print and they didn't.
Retail has changed. Throw all your books away. Read this one.The author speaks from a British perspective, so some of his excellent anecdotes won't be about familiar companies to those of us who are American. But some of the thoughts and ideas may be revolutionary to those who are struggling to figure out how their retail chains are (or are not) working.Loads of insights for company owners, store owners, salespeople... yes... everyone in retail has something they could learn from this book. Rare is the book that communicates to people across such a broad swath of experience and position.This book will get worn out as you page through it over and over, refer back to it, and... in short... USE it.
'Herbal Supplements and the Brain' dissects a host of popular herbal supplements by digging through the wealth of data available and making good, brief sense of it.The first four chapters are dedicated to informing the reader generally about nutritional supplements and how they may or may not act upon the brain.  Providing this broader base of knowledge was a great help to me and allows the book to enter some technical discussion in the following chapters.  The rest of the book is broken into separate chapters for each herbal supplement and then subdivided into the following sections: Botany, Therapeutic Uses, Constituents, Pharmacokinetics, Pharmacodynamics, Adverse Effects, Pharmacological Perspective.  Some of these sections are dry and technical; they read almost like a textbook.  Other sections are more conversational.  All sections effectively communicate their content, which adds up to a fairly detailed summary of the herb.Overall, I find this book easy to recommend to anyone interested in herbal supplements, medication or brain chemistry.  The author provides an objective and academic overview and conclusion for each herbal supplement while including many interesting details and brief, relevant tangents.  The condensation of research, writing style and organization are exceptional.
I enjoyed the Women's Murder Club series,so I really enjoyed this book. Wish he would write more of this kind.
This was a very good book, Heard about it on TV so I bought it and really would recommend it.
It's Little House on the Prairie... as a set!  What else is there to say.  My daughter and I have read them and I enjoy them as much as her.  Some parts I need to explain to her but she's 6 and the book is talking about things that she doesn't necessarily  understand (what?  No cars?  No heat?  No bathroom?  Build your own house?)  She loves it though and I remember why it was one of my favorites growing up.
Lots of information in this textbook to help anyone understand why businesses are run they way they are.  It's due to the nature of humans. So much is covered in this book.
Could there be such a thing as a &quot;slapstick&quot; novel of manners?  This one might qualify, for its humour both witty and broad and its country-house setting.Our highly-educated heroine Flora Poste, intelligent, witty, but fashion-addled, aimless, and seemingly shallow, descends on her rural relatives when her parents die leaving her penniless.  Sharp parodies of rural England, the family includes, among others, an insane matriarch locked in her room, a love-mad and graceless granddaughter, a grandson who plays the same role among the maids that the bull does among the cows, an antique manservant who fails to notice when a cow's leg falls off.  In short order Flora contrives to marry off the granddaughter to a local grandee, packs the grandson off to Hollywood, and generally manages things so craftily that everyone not only lives Happily Ever After but also does so with Good Manners and better haircuts.The most winning feature of Gibbon's book (after the fact that it is hysterically funny) is that she skewers not only the conventions of the 1930s upper classes to which Flora belongs, but also the working class denizens of the farm.  At first everyone seems faintly ridiculous but over time your affections for ALL these characters grows.  By the end you are actually happy to see them all happily settled, and Flora no longer seems like a conniver but a clever and sympathetic heroine-more Elizabeth Bennet than Becky Sharpe.  A very neat trick on the part of the author, and one well worth the discovering.One miniscule note of caution:  Gibbons, writing in the 1930s, sets her novel "in the near future," and adds a couple of futuristic features that confuse the casual reader-telephones with televisions in them so you can see the speaker, references to the "Anglo-Nicaraguan War" and the like.  You may safely ignore them without diminishing the book.
Invisible Cities is neither a traditional novel, nor is it simply a collection of short stories. Instead, is a hybrid - a series of descriptions of impossible or magical cities is held together by a fictional conversation between Marco Polo and Kublai Khan. Marco Polo gives fantastical descriptions of the cities he's visited: a city entirely underground, a city suspended by ropes over an abyss, a city that serves as a museum to all the possible alternate versions of itself. As Polo tells his stories to the Khan, the reader begins to recognize a common unifying theme to the descriptions. Although the work is highly academic, I believe it can be enjoyed on multiple levels. The descriptions of the cities are enjoyable both in their literal sense and for the metaphors that they evoke. I think the depth of analysis will depend on each individual reader, but one doesn't need to understand each nuisance to derive enjoyment from this work. Overall, this book takes a unique approach to illuminating both historical and modern urban life and society.
This book is a must read for people who don't get Gen Y/ Net Gen as Tapscott calls them. It is full of anecdotes and data on why Net Gen are actually the smartest generation, activists, techho-friends and able to change the world (check out Obama no 1 on Twitter!)I have changed my own net habits as a result of this. As a Gen X (but a techy one) I can see how quickly social networking and social groups online are changing the net. If you want to make money online, recruit Gen Y, understand your children or just get with the technology, then this is a great book. I tweeted it, and I am blogging it!
Regardless of where your beliefs place you on the political spectrum, and regardless of what your opinion is of Oliver Stone, you should read "The Untold History of the United States." Yes, it's biased (what book isn't these days?), and yes, it probably goes too far in placing most of the blame for many of the world's most serious problems on the United States. But just because the authors clearly have an agenda does not mean that much of what they say is not true. And their agenda is strikingly non-partisan--they bash Johnson, Clinton and Obama for their domestic and foreign policies just as much as they do Nixon, Reagan and Bush. Working your way through the 600+ pages of text requires committing your time, your energy and, most of all, your critical analytical skills to the process. In the end, if you stick with it, you'll gain a very good understanding of why so many people in the world hate the United States.There's no denying that U.S. arrogance, attitudes and actions throughout the world have done much to alienate many nations over the years. There's no denying that the U.S. has been guilty of manipulating the internal affairs of other sovereign states to its economic benefit, and usually to the detriment of indigenous populations. There's no denying that the CIA has run roughshod over basic human rights in its operations overseas, just as there's no denying that the FBI, NSA, TSA and many other government entities are doing so today in the homeland. But most of the global and domestic problems that authors Stone and Kuznick describe, and for which they hold U.S. policies largely responsible, are far more complicated than they would have you believe. Several times as I read the book I thought, "Now wait just a minute here, it's not that simple." That's where critical analytical skills come in handy."The Untold History of the United States" is a compellingly readable, painstakingly documented, often disturbing view of how America's economic, military and political self-interests have shaped global relationships for decades. As such, it is a thought-provoking counterweight to the far more common "conventional" views of world history. Some readers may believe the U.S. has never done anything wrong, and has always acted reasonably and responsibly. Others may feel Stone and Kuznick have not gone far enough in placing the blame for the world's problems on "American imperialists." In my opinion, the truth, which no one will ever know for sure anyway, most likely lies somewhere in between. If "The Untold History of the United States" does nothing more than illuminate U.S. attitudes and actions that, even if exaggerated, should infuriate every American, it will have served a very useful purpose. I recommend it highly.
During a second-honeymoon in the British Scottish Highlands meant to reunite Claire and Frank Randall in Post WWII England after their equal service to the British armed forces, Claire finds herself in the midst of a Stonehenge-like circle "Craigh Na Dun" and subsequently slips through a crack in time transporting her to 1743 Scottish Highlands. Her adventure leads her to become enmeshed in late 18th century Scottish politics and a conveniently arranged marriage that not only saves her life but unexpectedly becomes the love of her life. The reader is taken through a long but fast-paced gripping 640 pages where "Romance" is merely a side step of this adventurous and finely woven tale.Far Fetched? Well, maybe to the straight historical reader. Otherwise, this reviewer begs to differ. One must certainly have a good appreciation for a little science fiction, a little history and a little romance (though not really a high focus despite mass-marketing as a romance) with a seemingly accurate theme of the violence and reality's of life in the Scottish Highlands during the eighteenth century.  Diana Gabaldon knows her history and it shows in this, her first, novel. What makes this story is not the small romantic story line, but the knowledge and meticulous research used as a backdrop to this excellent novel.If you expect Romance and tawdry sex, move on to other historical romance's you won't find that here. You will find however, a relationship based on the reality of life in the 1740's where not all was silk and lace even in the best of relationships. Again, the romance is one backdrop of many and the strict romance fan will be disappointed. If you have an appreciation for History, knowledge of paganism and the workings of Catholic monasticism and a desire to open your imagination, you will love this book and like this reader, you'll be unable to put it down until it is finished, hurriedly running out after to purchase the sequel.An excellent work of historical fiction that deserves more than five stars.
This is volume two of a series that puts the legend of King Arthur into an historical perspective.  There are other books or groups of books that have attempted this, most notably Mary Stewart's Merlin Chronicles - but Stewart never painted her picture with as big a brush as Jack Whyte does, and (so far at least) Whyte has done it without a hint of magic or any other type of fantasy.This is not intended as a slap at Stewart; I think her series is fantastic.  It's just that I never thought it was possible to tell the story of Arthur and Merlin from a &quot;human&quot; point of view, until now.  Whyte has proved that it's possible.  So far I've only read the first two books in the series (&quot;The Skystone&quot; and this one), and if the rest of Whyte's novels are as superbly intelligent and well-written as these two I believe that Mary Stewart has some serious competition on her hands.
I read this series over 2 years ago, and I still to this day miss Jamie and Claire. That's when you know you've read a good book, when you become so intimately involved with the characters that you think on them long past the read.If you love a good period piece, with tons of accurate historical facts, all intertwined with star-crossed-lovers from two different centuries, then this series will deliver on all levels!
A story of dying told with clarity .... Beautifully written. The reader has personal insight into a great man in his last days, sharing and teaching much wisdom through his last months on earth. Not a morbid read, more a celebration of life ...
'Cannery Row' is Steinbeck at his best. From the first page you know you are in for another beautifully written book with his lush descriptions, wry sense of humour and wonderful characterisations. Looking at life on Cannery Row and following the exploits of a house of bums, a whore house, a doc and a grocery store, to name a few, this book has delights on every page. I was completely engrossed in this book for the two days that I sped though it, it was so hard to put down and then I was left disappointed that I'd finished so soon. A mark of a brilliant book I find. There are so many touches I could comment on, it is hard to know where to start, from Macks cheeky and inoffensive scams, to Lee Chongs and Doc's resignation to them and way more besides, this book has funny and touching moments in spades. I can only suggest you read this book soon and let another Steinbeck masterpiece enrich your life.Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
Steinbeck does it again. Some people do not like this book, but if you sit down and spend the time really reading and listening to it, you'll understand what steinbeck is trying to tell us. It's not just about a boy and a pony, it's about life and slowing down to look at it. I don;t want to give the book away, but all I can say is read it with your heart and not you eyes.
Cold Comfort Farm by Stella GibbonsLongmans, Green & Co, 1932307 pagesClassic; Satire4/5 starsSource: LibraryMeg Cabot had recommended this book, which is how I first heard about it.  Additionally I really like this cover that I found, although my copy from the library was just a plain blue.  I wasn't sure what to expect other than hopefully a good time.I really struggled at first to get into the story.  Flora was recently orphaned and she is looking around over her family relations to decide where she will live.  She ends up picking the family at Cold Comfort Farm, where she is sure to encounter problems that she can solve.  And she does.  She finds a bewildering assortment of relatives, surly and intent on their lives as they've always been.  However Flora wades in and sets their lives on a more modern path, arranging marriages for several and new career paths for others.Apparently this book is somewhat parodying some rural life novels of the time such as DH Lawrence, Thomas Hardy, and the Bront sisters.  I've only read the latter and references to them are explicit in the form of a character who argues that Branwell wrote his sisters' novels because certainly Wuthering Heights could not have been written by a woman!  I don't understand his rationale at all but I was fascinated.  Some of the characters also spoke in a "country dialect" akin to Joseph in Wuthering Heights albeit more comprehensible.  The other elements were probably lost on me as I am unfamiliar with those types of novels.Another interesting element is that this book is technically set in the future (the late 40s) with video phones and a different historical path (I believe an Anglo-Nicaragua War is mentioned).  That was not a very important aspect though as most of the story is set on a very rural farm.However I really liked the characters, especially Flora, the modern young lady who inserts herself into the lives of her relations and I would say makes them better.  She was a funny character and very likable.  The other characters were also enjoyable.Overall: A funny story with likable characters.
This was a riot! Small college football team - half of whom are the stereotypical "dumb jocks" and the other half are Rhodes Scholars. Imagine if you will the interplay among them as they go through a season.Not a football fan? No problem. You probably will be no closer to being one after reading this book. But you will be a fan of DeLillo. The sports setting is just his device for a take on the study of war.Why only four stars? This is one of his earlier books and the writing wasn't as developed. The story and the characters, though, make this a fast and fun read.
The story behind this novel is intriguing. [...] This novel won the Pulitzer Price for Fiction in 1981, and is now being made into a movie (Fall of 2012) with Zack Galafianakis reputed to play the lead character, Ignatius.Published 11 years after the author's suicide, it is considered a major Southern novel for the time period.  If you think you know New Orleans from visits to the French Quarter during Mardi Gras, please read this novel.As this is about to become a major motion picture, now is a great time to read this timeless novel.  At a minimum it makes for an interesting and fun novel.  At its best it is a colorful and many say accurate depiction of New Orleans and many of the the unique personalities living there in the 1960's.
OK, first thing you need to understand is that this isn't typical John Grisham.  Those Grisham fans who read this book looking for courtroom drama or suspense simply because it's Grisham were probably thoroughly disappointed.  Nevertheless, this book is a riot.This is one of those, 'If it can go wrong, it will' types of stories that had me rolling.  I don't think Grisham intended this book to be considered a work of literature with deeply developed storylines.  It's satire and a lot of fun.  I think that's what he intended.  None of the characters in the story are deep or believable, but that's not the point.  They're not portraits.  They're caracatures.  The entire plot is contrived for humor's sake.  And it works.  Nobody watches &quot;The In-Laws&quot; because we think that the relationship between Peter Falk and Alan Arkin will have some great impact on our view of family.  Don't read &quot;Skipping Christmas&quot; hoping to find some deep meaning in the holiday.
Not a bad guide to using Google+ at all. I found some useful tips which I have implemented. Easy to read and understand
No idea what other reviewers were complaining about. Formal writing? Nonsense. The book is wonderfully written. Very easy reading, highly entertaining and elegantly presented.As a period piece, I can't find anything I would fault. Well, libraries on demonology were probably not that common, even in the Suffolk countryside, but certainly there was an avid interest in collecting arcane lore (actual or spun from moonbeams and strong wine) during the 1800s. I imagine Margery Allingham was thinking along those lines. It's a very minor part of the tale, an aside in a plot device for tying up loose ends, so I don't consider it a spoiler.As a detective story, there is an obvious parallel Arthur Conan Doyle story, though not nearly as sophisticated as this. Plenty of older stories yet exist of riddles hiding treasures. This is in no way a rehash of well-trodden ground, though. This story is original and ingenious. It has become an over-used plot device in more recent times, but you can't fault an author for the future use of a story idea.Characterizations - the characters are all vividly described, never veering off-character. The only issue I have is that the characters of Campion and Amanda are the only ones of depth. The others exist to prod the story forward. But, when you examine most novels, that is true. Very few stories have complex characterization outside the main one or two people as it is too hard to follow otherwise. Colour and texture, rather than detail, for everything around the main subject.
I like speaking the language if traveling where English is not spoken.  Up until now, that was easy with the French and Spanish I learned in high school and college.  However, now I need to know some Italian.Such-and-such-a-language in x-number-of-days-type books are fairly useless for me.  Certainly, once you have studied the language, you can look over these phrases to cover something important.  Grammar is all important.To gain the most advantage, I learn the structure, including the grammatical structure of major nouns, as a first step. Then, I start to build vocabulary. So, I was very happy with the Practice Makes Perfect series.I bought the grammar and the vocabulary books.  I must say, I like having these two subjects in separate books.  Once your eye and your brain acclimate to a structure within a book, you learn faster if the structure is standardized throughout.  Since grammar and vocabulary require different structural teaching methods, it is a big help.So, for me, the vocabulary book should be bought with the grammar book, unless you have a good command of Italian grammar and just want to add more vocabulary.  This is the type of book that you can take on the train and just pick up new vocabulary, little by little. Words are grouped by classification, and I would consider the book somewhat advanced (like at least a high school level 3 class).My daughter laughed when she saw that the Italian vocabulary book's starting vocabulary lessons included "soap opera-ish" terms along with family terms.  In other books about language, you tend to get the primary grades terms first:  bird, box, red, car, etc.  In the Italian vocabulary book, you get "mother-in-law", "divorce", etc. etc., right from the beginning.  I would agree that these books are best for people who have taken a first year of any language in high school.  There is not a lot of wordy explanation in these books, but a clean, quick study.
I've been critical of many books in the PMP Spanish series because they really just aren't very useful to beginning students. They simply require an intermediate level vocabulary to even understand the questions.They got this one right though and its great. Tons of questions to work out without requiring a dictionary by your side.The PNP Spanish Vocabulary book also seems to be very nicely done. It would be a great way to quickly get beyond the initial boring words and into some of the more interesting words. It seems like it would keeps you interested and will probably be my next Spanish book purchase.
Journey To the Center of the Earth was always one of my favorite movies and after all these years, I finally read the book.  The book is not like the movie at all.  Honestly, I liked the movie better however that is not to say I was in any way disappointed with the book.  It moved along quickly and drew me in such that I couldn't put it down and so read it in one sitting.  A geologist, his eager young nephew and an Icelandic guide make their way to the earth's core following the footsteps of a previous mysterious explorer into the dark subterranean world of weird plants, animals, rocks and unforeseen dangers.  There was no woman with them as in the movie but a female companion might have spiced it up a bit.  The Icelander didn't have a pet duck along as in the movie but he was an indispensible partner in the venture.  All in all, it was adventurous and fun and worth my time.  I enjoyed it very much. Sure glad I finally read the book!Betsy
This book is a great introduction to portfolio management. One can learn how to create factor models and the level of math used is accessable for a typical economics/government graduate working in financial services. The inclusion of tax and leverage considerations as well as a section on backtesting make the book especially useful for real world applications.I would recommend that the book include more on simulation in the backtesting section along with a detailed section/apenddix on fitting distributions. This is an area where I and everyone I know required another individual to train because there were no other easily accessable resources available.
Not sure why there had to be so much sex, but I still loved the book.  Plus, one of the readers sounds like Jude Law.
Not your ordinary, formulaic police procedural.  (There's been a murder! Who did it? Maybe this guy? NO, it's definitely this guy! OMG, NO! It was actually THIS guy!  What a surprise!)The author really shows the laborious detail and grinding research that goes into a complex murder investigation.  There are so many wrong turns, incorrect assumptions, and dead ends that sometimes I, along with the detectives, was utterly lost and confused, but gradually the truth is excavated, layer by layer.  If it sounds boring, I assure you it was not.I will read more in this series, perhaps my favorite so far of the Scandinavian mysteries I have read.
Frequently, you come across books which go into the depths of the human psyche to give you a new understanding of yourself, and then miraculously, you stumble upon one, which a child could read, but one which teaches you comething new everytime you read it. This is one of those ! I have read it countless times, but never had there been a time, when I did not learn something new from it !
This book was a gift to my by the great, Ramon Deleon, ( @Ramon_DeLeon )the man behind Domino's Pizza Social Media success. I was honored that he thought so highly of me that I would "Get" this book. And "Get It" I did! Ekaterina Walter ( @Ekaterina )has not only told a story of Mark Zuckerberg, she has shown how a philosophy can be incorporated into one's own mindset and business culture.This book was inspiring and has plenty of examples about other company cultures; which conjures even more thought-provoking ways in which problem solving and open-business culture can lead to success.
This is Michael Crichtons second non techno thriller. What i mean by this, is that it doesnt have crazy biological stuff about it. But that doesnt mean he cant right a good novel about real life.In this book we follow Tom Sanders, a well off family man that is a manager of a computer company. He is expecting a promotion, but the day he expects it, he finds that an old lover from ten years ago comes out of nowhere and gets the job he was planning on getting. While catching up with her later that night in her office, things happen. The next day Tom is accused of sexual Harassment. Tom is stuck in a corner, with his marriage, job, and life on the line, unless he does something about it.Everyone is against Sanders, i mean, what man accuses a woman of sexual harassment.  This is what Crichton is trying to put out there for us.  It can happen, and it does/did happen.This book is based on a true story that will leave you gasping every chapter. This book was great. I loved it. Don't pass this up because its not set in a dinosaur park. Michael Crichton can still right one hell of a thriller set in an everyday environment.  Every page has a new meaning and makes you think differntly, all the way up to the incredibly shocking conclusion.
that's all I can say!!!!! this book is superb I could not put it down! Great love and touching story!!! I wish I could give it 20 stars!!!!
Some authors hold unique values which caress readers, even if the magic is a refrain from previous novels. Murakami, like Rowling or Tolkien or King, delivers us to worlds derived from his highly imaginative mind's depths - a journey which we gladly seek to follow.One recurring theme we see is the even versus odd chapter braiding. As the pages and plot progress, the seemingly unrelated tales enclose and eventually converge.  There was a reason for the even chapters tales of Nakata to be related to the odd chapters of Kafka - in fact the relation is deeply rooted.  Fatalistically or otherwise, the seemingly small world overlaps in boundless ways. The back and forth of stories remind us of "Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World."The even chapters are about Nakata - a boy traumatized during WW II who in today's world converses with cats, creates rains of leeches and fish, and has mystical powers with a stone.  His cat work reminds us "The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle."Nakata's sleep marathons remind us of the almost comatose Eri of "AFTER DARK."  These sleeps make me wonder if Murakami personally has encountered deep depression wherein your body lies dormant or victim to the illness's demands.Ultimately, opposites attract - Nakata and a truck driver become best of friends. In "AFTER DARK," pimps befriend a suburban teenager staying out after her parents' proclaimed curfew.  Perhaps the strangest couple are in the odd chapters.  The odd-chapter narrator - 15-year old runaway Kafka Tamura - befriends the young and socially unaccepted Oshima: a transvestite or transgendered hemophiliac androgynous  woman who appears as a man and sexually lives a homosexual man's life. Sexual deviance is something also addressed in "AFTER DARK."Book worms Kafka and Oshima have great readers-digest talks wherein Oshima's boiled down versions of Greek tragedy depict or symbolize Kafka's issues: most importantly his Oedipal doom pronounced icily by Kafka's father to the young man when he was of elementary school age.  To avoid that prophecy, he runs. But, is it the running away that ignites the prophecy's fate?In the end, Kafka's life  inevitably  collides with Nakata for what appears to be a cleansing.  Getting there may have been prolonged, and the inevitability of this collision may have been too many pages known - and such truncated detail of their convergence may be what lowers this review from 5 stars to 4. Otherwise, it was fun,  and in a truly Murakami  bizarre manner.
There's a big difference between an ad that sells your products and services and one that simply drains your bank account.  This book shows you how to effectively use your hard-earned dollars to generate the maximum impact for your business.  Brad Sugars discusses 149 different strategies to help you pinpoint your ad budget for greatest results.  I particulary like the marketing campaign analysis which helps me objectively decide which ads to run and how much to spend.  The book covers direct mail, print, radio, TV, and internet mediums and helps me to determine which is best suited to my business.  I enthusiastically recommend it to any owner or decision-maker who spends money to advertise their business!
Murakami's writing gives us a mirrored view of ourselves.  Like so many of us, he is searching for meaning and understanding.  The body/soul duality like all dynamic paradoxical divisions of reality can never be truly resolved.  Murakami uses the surreal and the dark mystical as counterpoint to the mundane workaday world of advanced capitalist society.  The two sides of the same coin.  Humanity struggling to come to terms with reality.  Many artists that explore this division are culturally concentric and to a degree this is true of Murakami as well.  Still I think he succeeds better then most in transcending his native culture.  This is probably why he is read around the world in so many different languages.  Murakami writes especially relevant fiction for the modern world.On the surface his work reads very symbolically, yet Murakami has stated, quite definitely, that his writing is not symbolic in nature.  I'm inclined to agree with him.  True its not that hard to find symbols in his work.  Wells, Jazz, Windup birds, Cats, Sheep, and so on are repeated through out his writing.  But just as poetry is often symbolic in nature, the best poetry is an exploration and attempt to reshape reality.  There is a magic to Murakami's words that invokes deeper realities.  How well Murakami succeeds is for each reader to find out for themselves.There has been some debate over which of Murakami's works is his best.  I think that misses the point.  One needs to read the whole body of his work to get to the deeper meaning of what he is saying.For a deeper exploration of Murakami's writing I recommend Jay Rubin's book: Haruki Murakami And the Music of Words
In this easy-to-read book, authors Roger Fisher and William Ury provide underlying theory, as well as concrete examples on how to improve your negotiation skills.  They cover the full ground from bargaining for antiques to getting a better salary to international peace treaty.  No topic is too small or too big.  Thus, the principles in this book can help you in all aspects of life.Fisher and Ury show us how to use "Principled Negotiation" to achieve a better outcome.  They start by describing how positional arguments (they usual behavior) locks both our opponent and ourselves into a corner that it is both hard to emerge from and hard to reach agreement on.  In contrast, using creativity and starting from each person's principles, we are able to find solutions that help both parties.  For example, in the peace treaty between Egypt and Israel, Egypt wanted the Sinai back, and Israel wanted security.  Peace could be achieved by finding the true needs rather than starting with ultimatums.Of course, not all parties will be trained, or even initially willing to use the "Principled Negotiation" approach.  Authors show how you can deal with the other party's intransigence or even dirty tricks, to turn the negotiation back to principles rather than personal attacks.Getting to Yes: Negotiating Agreement Without Giving Inis a fantastic introduction to Principled Negotiation and can help you achieve what you want in many different situations.
At first glance, THE HAUNTING OF HILL HOUSE seems like the typical haunted house story.  That is, a group of strangers assembles in a house to study ghostly phenomena.  However, this book is much deeper and therefore much more disturbing.  The main character is Eleanor Vance, a lonely and dispirited young woman who has never really done much in her life.  She jumps at the chance to go to Hill House, and inevitably, she begins to fall under it's spell.  The ways in which the house affects her are rather hearbreaking, while also being fairly creepy and scary.  Some fans of modern scary stories may be a bit offput by the dialogue - the characters sound like they're from a 50s sitcom.  However, it really is a terrific book, and the oppressed 50s style just adds to its claustrophobic feeling.This novel is the first I've read from Jackson (aside from her famous short-story "The Lottery"), and I look forward to reading more.  Highly recommended for fans of psychologically complex ghost stories.
Revised review Feb 2012:Revised from one star to five stars.  Although I'm still waiting for the e-book version, I've finally succumbed to buying the paperback. And I must say this the best FA to date. It's not just the color, the whole outlook has been revised and updated.First review Dec 2011: I've been waiting to upgrade my 2010 FA to 2012 ebook version, for obvious readability and mobility. Where is the ebook? Both versions should've been released simultaneously. We were living in 2012 the last time I checked.
I don't know exactly why I find Harry Hole such a compelling character. He drinks too much and he is a most unhappy man. Yet he is so human and his reactions to people and circumstances with humility and lack of ego draws me to him. I enjoyed The Bat as I have all the other Harry hole books. There is no reason to read them in order but it hels with the continuity of his story.
I did not expect to enjoy this book as much as I did.  When i first read about the book and the story concept, I thought it would be confusing to follow the characters back and forth through time.  Not at all.  I completely came to enjoy and love Henry and appreciate the "gifts" he gave Clare throughout their life.  The book never got dull, and I felt their loss towards the end as if it were my own.  Recommend this book highly, and if your new to time travel, get the best of the best -- the Outlander Series by Diana Gabaldon, they will truly capture your heart.
I'm listening to this audio book and I have to say it's one of the best investing books I've ever heard, and I've listened to probably 2 dozen audio books on investing.  Why is it so good?  Because the author doesn't try to sell you on his investing "method".  He doesn't talk over your head, nor talk down to you.  He is very matter-of-fact as he goes about outlining the sobering facts about investing.I've heard some of his advice in other books, but this one distills everything down to its core.  One reviewer criticized the book for having one overall slant, that being "invest in index funds".  That may be true to a point, but the important thing is to understand *why* index funds offer most investors the best place to invest.  The author goes to extremes to explain this in multiple ways, to make sure you have it drilled into your head so you don't go off half-cocked chasing after some crazy investing scheme.  For most people (who are largely irrational when it comes to investing), this is a welcome treatment of the topic.The author also takes time to explain many fundamental investing terms and concepts, making this a good choice for those new to investing.  I'm even considering buying a copy for my niece when she graduates from college, to start her out on the right foot with salient investing advice, before she gets sucked into questionable investing choices.The bottom line is that if you want the facts laid out bare and shown to you in different ways until you finally "get it", then this book accomplishes just that. And even if you're a seasoned investing expert, you might do well to digest the author's advice, especially if you think you can beat the market year in and year out over the long haul.  (And if you've indeed found a way to do this and can prove it, then give me a call and let's do business :)
I give it four stars because of content, but as much as I love reading about motorcycle trips, this book was boring. It was an interesting story, but I don't think he (or his ghost writer) was a very good writer. Sorry Ted.
This book has helped many people. Its message is that 'Life is difficult' and that we make it more so by running away from our responsibilities and pretending that life cannot be difficult. Peck's prescription for a better life is realizing that life involves a constant effort to understand and improve ourselves. He supplies case- histories of people who seem to have given up or be lost, and then in psychotherapy with him find a way to make better lives. One especially moving story was of a young man who simply could not feel joy at anything in life. He simply had lost his enthusiasm. It turned out that not only had this young man lost a best friend, he had grown up in a world where his two elder brothers knocked down immediately any idea he might have. They tormented him continually and made fun of him. And the parents never paid attention. Peck in two years of psychotherapy was able to teach this young person to stop being fixated at what he was when he was ten years old. He taught the young man how to respect his own thoughts.Peck's message again is of a new psychologyof love, traditional values and spiritual growth.He warns against our tendency to escape from freedom, and to rely on outdated maps of our situation.My sense is that this book has helped so many people in part because so many of us need help. We are continually looking for a message, a word of wisdom or spiritual insight that will help us , and renew our faith in ourselves and life. We are continually looking for a spiritual teacher that will be able to help us.I must admit that this book does not really provide me personally with the kind of message and help I feel a need for at the moment.How I miss my teacher and friend the Holy Teacher Dovid Herzberg who taught by his example a love of people and joy in being with them which lifted up all those who knew him.Scott Peck by this book probably helped thousands maybe even tens of thousands of people. Dovid Herzberg helped tens of people maybe even hundreds. But for me and all those who were blessed to know him, he was the highest of the highest.And helped so so many.
The story was especially interesting to me as I once lived in Grass Valley...but the book ( a used copy) was a mess! It actually fell apart in my hands as I read...pages fell out , very yellowed, and the smallest print I have EVER seen. It was a wonderful adventure and worthwhile read and I recommended it to many. Not a new book, but a good one.
excellent plot realistic life experience south ameican more  societal issues  be prepared to let your mind explore human nature  man woman interactions  psychiatric puzzles  free press
Really enjoyed the book and felt like I knew the people and places.  A little too much sex for my liking but I just skip the parts I don't like :)
This is by far the best introductory Italian book I have ever seen. This book makes learning Italian easy and effortless. I would honestly recommend this book to any learner: self taught, college level, or K-12.
Wodehouse has created another set of hilarious, self-absorbed, but well-meaning, and typically British characters here. Who needs Jeeves and never mind those stupid pro-Nazi Wodehouse ramblings, this is the real thing. Every page has some serious laugh out loud stuff to it.First Lord Ickenham initiates some serious soul-searching and literary output from a former class-mate, Beefy Bastable, by slyly knocking his hat off his head as he looks for a taxi. Then to make it even more fun, he encourages poor Beefy in this pursuit by assuring him that he is not capable of writing a novel. The over-worked barrister then pens a blockbuster about how the younger generation lacks discipline, vision, and morality. When bishops decry the racy bits from the pulpit, the novel becomes a success and Hollywoood comes calling for the movie rights.Now Wodehouse really rolls up his sleeves. Ickenham intervenes in four on-again, off-again romances, putting them all right in the end. The paternity of Cocktail Time becomes a bit confused, as several claim the authorship (Bastable used a nom de plume as he did not want the outcry over the novel to affect his goal of standing for Parliament as a Conservative). Additional loopy characters such as Young Mr. Saxby and the elusive Flannery drop in.Good light reading, take it to the beach and enjoy.
I'm a software engineer today, but I have an electrical engineering degree.  There's a lot of math and calculations behind electrical networks and circuits.  This book barely covers the basics there.  What it does do is explain how things work.  I was surprised when I taught instrument labs in engineering school that students, after taking networks, and in some cases electronics, some really seem to know how things worked.  You take them away from the paper, the written problems, make it practical, and they were lost.This is why there are labs in school obviously, but despite the relatively elementary nature of much of the books discussion.  "Elementary mind you for the vastly complicated field of electronic components", despite this, I would recommend this book be read before an new engineering student started a BSEE program.  Why, because like learning how to be a mechanic at a trade school, it would be helpful if you'd seen a car, and had a rough idea how it worked.  This book is very good in teaching you that.  Some of the newer technologies in the book like digital radio and tv, had a lot of things I knew little about.  Kudos on a decent book to simplify the mystery of electronics, that for most anyone who wants to know.
This book delivers on what it promises; a down to earth, reader friendly way to deal with debt that is pertinent, updated and relevant for TODAY...not a decade ago. Unlike a lot of books, this isn't filled with gimmicks nor does it advocate extreme measures. It's a highly informative and useful look at the state of debt in this nation; whether due to job loss, disability or other. It's packed full of information, examples and useful suggestions.
Really excellent, in depth view of what it means to grow old and how to deal with retirement. It's what I would call a BB novel (for Baby Boomers - just as YA novels are for young adults)and it's an outstanding one. I enjoyed it thoroughly and can only recommend it.This book will take you to India in a special place - the Marigold Hotel in its rundown ex-colonial splendor - with people who are all UK retirees and trying to save money while living the good life in India,because of course it's much cheaper than the UK. There's plenty to laugh about and cry, this is so very human...And icing on the cake, it's superbly written.
This book is by the late psychiatrist, M. Scott Peck. If you ask me, everyone should read it.The book was written in the late 1970's, and has sold millions of copies since then. I had seen it many times over the years, but for some reason, I never read it. Several years ago, I got a copy, but it sat on my bookshelf and collected dust. Finally, I picked it up and read it. It was not really what I had expected. And I am very happy I finally read it. Maybe I just waited until the time was right for me.All that said, I'm not sure I agreed with the author on every point. He at least suggested that about everyone needed analysis, as in the long process of meeting regularly with a professional for the "talking cure". In fairness, maybe this is better than the "pharmaceutical cure" that seems to be way it usually goes now.The book is divided into four main sections: Discipline, Love, Growth and Religion, and Grace. The Discipline section is very to the point, and the points are made well, though maybe not all that surprising in themselves. If you think you know what love is, then read the Love section and see if you look at it the same way the author does; chances are this will be a no, but well worth the effort in comparing probably. No matter what your take is on religion/spirituality, the last two sections will likely have something that will at least annoy you, but I say read it anyway, as you'll probably still learn something, if only despite yourself. Yes, it is that kind of book.I read many things in the book that really spoke to me as an individual and helped me to make sense of some things that I never could quite understand in my own life. Maybe it will for you too; chances are it will. Yes, it is that kind of book as well. But, it might take some effort and real honesty on your part.I'm pretty sure that anyone reading this book, and who makes the effort to understand what the author is saying, will find at least something that will help them in some way. Probably many things. Yes, it is that kind of book.If you want to know, you'll have to read it yourself. Yes, it is that kind of book.
LUCKY JIM is generally regarded to be a classic of English 20th-Century humor (the British branch).  My recent re-reading of the novel, about 35 years after the first time I read it, confirms that reputation.Not until the end of the novel does the reader understand why the protagonist, Jim Dixon, deserves the tag "Lucky Jim."  For most of the novel he is a colossally inept and virtually spineless academic wannabe, who lets his life be manipulated and his psyche buffeted about by a gaggle of thoroughly unpleasant people. Near the end of the novel, shortly after the sentence quoted as the title for this review, Jim's fortunes improve immeasurably, not so much because of anything he does or any transformation in his character, but rather due to a couple fortuitous instances of deus ex machina.  (LUCKY JIM is a comedy, and thus such improbabilities are acceptable.)In his introduction to this edition, David Lodge states that LUCKY JIM was the first "British campus novel," and, indeed, much of it revolves around the shallow pretentiousness of academia.  But the real target of Amis's wit -- when it is directed outwards, away from Jim Dixon -- is the British upper-middle-class in all its pomposity and hide-bound conventionality.  The funniest passages, however, all deal with Jim Dixon and his foibles and insecurities and, especially, his drinking.  (The description of Jim's hangover may be the best, and the funniest, such description I have ever encountered.)More on David Lodge's introduction:  It unfortunately is an example of a problem that afflicts many introductions to "classic" novels.  Some of Lodge's introduction, just shy of the first eight pages, would be quite helpful if read before beginning the novel itself.  But the rest of this "introduction" contains much that will spoil the plot, and thus much of the fun, for a first-time reader.  (So if you are a first-time reader, be forewarned.)  As with so many introductions, it should have been divided in two: a true "introduction" that helps orient the prospective reader but does not give away too much, reserving commentary on the plot and especially the ending for an "afterword" at the conclusion of the novel.Whether you are a first-time or a returning reader, you can look forward to a very funny book, despite the fact that the passage of time has, I fear, dimmed its comedic luster a little.  To my mind LUCKY JIM does not really qualify as "literature", but it is a highly entertaining, and literate, comedy.
This is a very enjoyable, relatively easy to read book of mostly scientific questions and answers. It is perfect for young and old alike who seek answers to some of life's most haunting questions.  Some of the answers are very detailed and may not be understood by young readers but will appeal to the curious with some background in science.  The author categorizes questions and answers into 8 chapters.  The questions and answers may spur kids to research the subjects further between video game sessions.  The internet certainly makes such research easy ("just Google it").Overall, I really enjoyed this book and like to ask my son questions from the book to see what kind of imaginative answers he comes up with.  He usually has more questions on the subject which spurs me to turn on the laptop!
This is a great book, filled with details and the following review is just a few thoughts jumping around the place to gain a general idea. I find Hannah Arendt a very credible author, a German, who attended Heidelburg University with a doctorate in philosophy and studied under Karl Jaspers and visiting professor at several prestigious universities in the United States. Her account takes in both her German experience, her stay at Jerusalem, attending the Eichmann trial, the reading of various court manuscripts of Eichmann and others. The book is rather detailed on the entire Jewish question of WWII, yet is not a book on the whole "Final Solution," persay, but an account of the Eichmann trial.While nonexhaustive, Arendt is penetrative, far more than these few paragraphs attempt to relate, and I highly recommend this book, Some of the ideas raised are the questions of ethnic restrictions, as even Israel and Judaism in endorsing marriage within the race and separation. There is the question of whether the trial should have been in Jerusalem or of an international court - inquiring as to crimes not only against the Jews but against humanity on a global scale. The charges of the defense aimed at Israel's competence in the trial location. Yet here we can see each European country holding trials in their own localities on Nazi war criminals, whereas Israel at that time did not have a nation when the Nuremburg and other trials took place. There are also the issues of the crimes themselves; personal responsibility, obedience to superiors, actions taken apart from superiors, the idea of the legality of the State (raison d'etat) overriding law in criminal actions to preserve itself verses the individual committing criminal actions. Yet here the State's action should be the exception to the rule, not the norm, for this was systematic genocide in a non-war capacity, actions taken apart from the reason of war and State preservation.The fact that this man was not a monster, not a sadistic hate filled orgasmatic murderer but instead the epitome of a valueless or extreme relativistic void in existential space. Here was a logical man yes, but one who had morals? Eichmann was familiar, reading Theodore Herzel and so who was more fitted for the Nazi's to deal with the Jewish question? His morals conveniently fit the role he was actively pursuing. What was ultimately noted were his personal autonomous decisions apart from his superiors, particularly at the end of the war when Himmler ordered the cessation of the exterminations, attempting to put many of the prominent Jews up in Hotels in France to pacify the allies, thinking this could be his ticket to more lenient penalties, as though all would be forgiven as conscious guilt and crimes against humanity were not in his psyche, nor Eichmann's for that matter. Eichmann, claiming Himmler's orders against the Furers, continued the deportations/liquidations - genocidal actions.There are the issues raised of the Jewish counsels selling out their own people and subsequent convictions, also the Germans separation of prominent Jews in the Jewish Ghetto, Theresienstadt, mostly for monetary purposes and trades, and the ironic half-Jews that Hitler himself left unmolested, and amazingly, one (some) of the mass murder responsible parties, as in Eichmann's superior, Heydrich, was also a half-Jew, which was kept in secrecy. And speaking of secrecy, Arendt writes of the Nazi "language rules", how terms like the "final solution," "evacuation" and the likes, hid the realities of terms such as mass murder, torture and genocide. I can't help but be reminded of Orwell's "newspeak" language in "1984," and the fact that language plays such a large part in all the distortions of the media that so influence society today.Also informational, the communities/countries, such as the oppositions of Denmark and France. France became resistant when their own French Jews were demanded from them, then the Germans had to back down, neither having the strength nor organization to fully implement their plans there. It's just a horror that all countries didn't fight for their Jewish residents and those made stateless by Germany.  There's much more to this book, the moral, social, political issues that question the validity of the case, how emotional detachment from the most horrendous crimes leave a cold objective reality where facts must be presented, and when they do, they almost always occur with paradox with shades of meanings that question others which are considered as valid.
The Standard Code is a better parliamentary authority then Robert's.  It simplifies and modernizes parliamentary authority, making it more accessible to more people.  Dump your RONR and get this work.
DO IT WRONG QUICKLY: HOW THE WEB CHANGES THE OLD MARKETING RULES provides a step-by-step program for transitioning from plan to execution in a non-stop cycle of changes, using the author's experience building [...] to show how businesses of all kinds can learn quickly from customers - and make effective changes. From social networking and w2ikis to virtual worlds, podcasting, blogs and other new marketing approaches, DO IT WRONG QUICKLY is an excellent modern alternative to your usual marketing approach, focusing on the ever-changing Internet, its opportunities, and exactly how to take full advantage of them. Business libraries need this specific set of tips.
I thoroughly enjoyed this sequel to The Inn at Rose Harbor.  I am hoping the author creates more follow-on books.
I was waiting in line at the college bookstore, (buying a textbook), and this book was prominently featured.  I thumbed through and was impressed at the straightforwardness of the questions. Making a list from these questions will, no doubt, give the impression on an interview, that you are focused, serious and organized. A worthwhile investment.
Focusing on the rise of Cicero, Imperium is historical fiction at its best. By "best," I mean that it gives the reader the flavor of the period and fills in blanks with events and conversations that really could have happened. Cicero, Crassus, Pompey, Caesar, Lucullus, Tiro, and many others come alive in this book. Some knowledge of the governmental structure, offices, institutions, and history of the late Roman republic will enhance one's enjoyment of Imperium. I previously gained that knowledge from reading Colleen McCullough's excellent Rome series that takes place in the same era.  Covering a relatively small slice of that period, Imperium offers different perspectives than McCullough and greater detail of the individuals and the events. The story ends in the middle of Cicero's life and I hope for a sequel. For those interested in Roman history, Imperium is a must read!
I must confess, I have not made any of the recipes yet, but I do plan to. Historical re-enactors, campers, survivalists and &#34;preppers&#34; can take valuable lessons from its pages. The authors frank discussions about what foods and ingredients were available then, and WHY they may not be available  now, are very insightful.
DeLillo treats us to a surrealistic suburban fable, a love story, an existentialist discourse and a chillingly plausible science-fiction yarn--all in the same book. &quot;White Noise&quot; is the quintessential postmodern novel, with a likeable hero that makes the subject matter (death, the &quot;waves and radiation&quot; of the popular media, ubiquitous electronic devices) involving and immediate. DeLillo writes with a high-resolution eye for detail and a firm grasp of character (Jack Gladney's heady discussions with his Elvis-teaching fellow professor are particularly interesting). The novel's climax is disconcerting...but so is the garish, out-of-kilter world DeLillo portrays. This is a rare, moving novel as topical as it is bizarre. Don't miss it.
First book of the 10 that have been translated will be in the process or orderingin the next nine....
I didn't expect this used book to be in such good shape, and I received it a couple of days after I ordered it.
Einstein called this "the most interesting book on the evolution of mathematics which has ever fallen into my hands."Number was first published in 1930 with the fourth edition coming out in 1954.  This is a republication of that fourth edition (Dantzig died in 1956) edited by Joseph Mazur with a foreword by Barry Mazur.  It is an eminently readable book like something from the pages of that fascinating four-volume work The World of Mathematics (1956) edited by James R. Newman in that it is aimed at mathematicians and the educated lay public alike.Part history, part mathematics and part philosophy, Number is the story of how we humans got from "one, two...many" to various levels of infinity.  Strange to say it is also about reality.  Here is Dantzig's concluding statement from page 341 in Appendix D: "...modern science differs from its classical predecessor: it has recognized the anthropomorphic origin and nature of human knowledge.  Be it determinism or rationality, empiricism or the mathematical method, it has recognized that man is the measure of all things, and that there is no other measure."Or more pointedly from a couple of pages earlier: "Man's confident belief in the absolute validity of the two methods [mathematics and experiment] has been found to be of an anthropomorphic origin; both have been found to rest on articles of faith."These are inescapably the statements of a postmodernist.  I was surprised to read them in a book on the theory of numbers, and even more surprised to realize that if mathematics is a distinctly human language, it is entirely possible that beings from distant worlds may speak an entirely different language; and therefore our attempts to use what many consider the "universal" language of mathematics to communicate with them may be in vain.And this thought makes me wonder.  Is the concept "two," for example, (as opposed to the number "2") really just a human construction?  Would not intelligent life anywhere be able to make a distinction, just as we have, between, say, two things and three things?  And if so, would they not be able to count?  And would not then the entire edifice of mathematics (or at least most of it) follow?I wonder if Dantzig was not in contradiction with himself on this point because earlier he writes (p. 252) "...any measuring device, however simple and natural it may appear to us, implies the whole apparatus of the arithmetic of real numbers: behind any scientific instrument there is the master-instrument, arithmetic, without which the special device can neither be used nor even conceived."  Does this not imply that measurements (by any beings) and therefore numbers have an existence outside of the human mind and do not rest on "articles of faith"?As to the numbers themselves (putting philosophy aside) we learn that the two biggest bugaboos in the history of number are zero and infinity.  It took a long, long time for humans, as Dantzig relates, to accept the idea of zero as a number.  Today zero is also a place-holder.  But what does it mean to say that there are zero pink elephants dancing about my living room?  I can see one cow in the yard, or two or three, but I cannot see zero cows in the yard.Of course, today it is easy to see that zero is a number that is less than one and greater than minus one.  I have one cow and I sell that one cow.  Now I have zero cows.  (Curiously, note that the plural noun "cows"  is grammatically required.)  However, the imperfect fit within the entire structure of mathematics that zero has achieved may be appreciated by realizing that every other number can be a denominator; that is, three over one equals three, three over two equals 1.5, etc., but what does three over zero equal?It is a convention of mathematics to say that division by zero is "undefined."  There is no other number about which the same can be said.I used to think when I was young that infinity was the proper answer to division by zero.  For Dantzig this is clearly not correct because to him infinity is not a number at all but a part of the process.  He writes, "the concept of infinity has been woven into the very fabric of our generalized number concept."  He adds, "The domain of natural numbers rested on the assumption that the operation of adding one can be repeated indefinitely, and it was expressly stipulated that never shall the ultra-ultimate step of this process be itself regarded as a number."  Of course he is talking about "natural" numbers.  He notes in the next sentence that in the generalization to "real" numbers, "the limits of these processes" were "admitted...as bona fide numbers." (p. 245)  In other words, part of the process became a number itself!The culmination of Dantzig's argument here is that infinity itself is a construction of the human mind and exists nowhere (that we can prove) outside of the human mind.  He believes that the basis for our belief in the existence of infinity comes from our (erroneous) conception of time as a continuum.  Dantzig notes that Planck time and indeed all aspects of the world are to be seen in terms of discrete quanta and not continuous streams.Ultimately, Dantzig gives this sweeping advice to the scientist: "...he will be wise to wonder what role his mind has played in...[a] discovery, and whether the beautiful image he sees in the pool of eternity reveals the nature of this eternity, or is but a reflection of his own mind." (p. 242)
Why curicial? Because it is all about 3 things in life: Communication, communication, communication. This is a practical book and a must read for anyone.A crucial conversation is a discussion between two or more people where (1) stakes are high, (2) opinions vary, and (3) emotions run strong. People generally choose to at least try to handle this sort of situation as well as they possibly can. Most times, however, they don't do very well at all, for several reasons."Physiologically, humans are designed to handle stressful situations with fists and feet (and the related hormones and physical reactions), not intelligence and attentiveness. " Most often these sorts of situations come up spontaneously and out of nowhere, and many people cannot come up with more than a knee-jerk response to them. " Many people simply don't know where to start when dealing with these situations.The consequences of either avoiding or messing up one's crucial conversations can be quite severe, as every aspect of people's lives can be affected, from the personal (relationships with loved ones, friends and co-members of interest groups, our health) to the professional (careers and the communities people belong). Learning how to face crucial conversations and how to handle them well is also learning how to influence just about every aspect of people's lives.The free flow of relevant information is central to every successful conversation. The key to success in conversing is being open and honest in expressing opinions, feelings and theories, willingly sharing views even when the ideas in question are controversial or unpopular. This free flow of meaning is known as dialogue.Each of us enters a conversation with different opinions, feelings, experiences, ideas and theories about the topic being discussed. This combination of thoughts and feelings makes up a personal 'pool of meaning'.People skilled at dialogue try to make it safe for everyone conversing to bring their inputs out into the open - into a 'shared pool'. As the 'shared pool' is added to, it grows. As this happens, people benefit: as they are exposed to more accurate and relevant information, they make better choices, and people also willingly act on whatever decisions they all make. The pool of shared meaning is the birthplace of synergy.These dialogue skills are quite easy to spot and moderately easy to learn.Skilled people always start with heart.They begin high-risk discussions with the right motives and stay focused no matter what happens (they stick to their goals and believe that dialogue, no matter the circumstances, is always an option).- They ask themselves, "What does my behavior tell me about what my motives are?"- Then they ask themselves, "What do I want for myself? For others? For the relationship?"- And, finally, "How would I behave if this were what I really wanted?"-- They refuse the Sucker's Choice (an either/or choice).- Check to see if you're telling yourself to choose between winning and losing or peace and honesty, for example.- Break free by searching for the "and."- Clarify what you don't want, add that to what you do want, and ask yourself to start looking for healthy options to return to dialogue.When you get caught up in a crucial conversation, it becomes very difficult to see exactly what's going on and why it's happening. Sometimes, when discussions become stressful, you end up doing the opposite of what works.To break from this cycle, learn to look:-- At both content and conditions- You can get so caught up in what you're saying (content) that it can be nearly impossible to pull out of the argument to see what's happening to you and to others (conditions).-- For signs that a harmless discussion is transforming into a crucial one- What cues (physical, for example) can you use to recognize that your brain is disengaging and you're moving away from healthy dialogue?-- For safety problems. When it's 'safe', you can say anything; when it's 'unsafe',you start to go blind and can't take feedback.-- To see if others are moving toward silence or violence- Two unhealthy paths:Silence - purposefully withholding information from the conversation; done to avoid potential problems. Three forms:a) Masking - understating or selectively showing true opinions(sarcasm and sugar-coating are examples)b) Avoiding - steering away from sensitive topicsc) Withdrawing - pulling out of a conversation altogetherViolence - any verbal strategy done to convince, control or compel others to one's point of view. Three forms:a) Controlling - coercing others to your way of thinkingb) Labeling - putting tags on people or ideas so they can be dismissed under a general stereotype or categoryc) Attacking - moving from winning the argument to making the person suffer
Thank God for airport book stores.  I've never been one to pick up exhausting tomes while traveling--too much to read too much to carry--therefore when Haruki Murakami's new memoir, "What I Talk About When I Talk About Running" caught my eye at Atlanta's Hartsfield, it looked just right. Short, light, with a little bit of F. Scott and a little bit of Zen philosophy tucked inside (He never mentions Zen directly but his lifestyle screams it).  As a runner who runs and doesn't believe in walking during a marathon Murakami captures this essential truth with quality and gives us his recipe for endurance.  Not just with running but with life in general.  His analogies to running and writing are simple yet powerful.  For fans of Murakami's work this book should provide some insight into his his daily life,  simple yet somehow powerful.  For those unfamiliar with his novels, such as myself, I was sufficiently intrigued by his prose to grab a copy of "Norwegian Wood", one of his acclaimed works, as my next read.  At 60 Murakami still intends to publish novels and run marathons, presumably without walking.  His recipe seems to work.
Highly recommended. Undestand the basics on it to develop a succesful approach in investments. Follow the principles shown here by many succesful worldwide investors.
After seeing some of the extremely long and wordy reviews let me break it down for those of you who make decisions based upon a black or white/yeah or nay scale. No time for gray area.I have taken the course on which this book is based. Using some of the tactics listed in this book, I secured a provisional patent for an idea, contacted companies relevant to that idea (within the shoe industry) and got that idea on the desk of the president of one of the largest shoe companies in the world. Ultimately, the company passed on the idea but I knew how to go about doing this because of what I learned from Stephen Key. I came THAT close. How close are you?Buy the book.Carry on.
Todays word is brought to us by the only Japanees author I've ever read, Haruki Murakami: DRAMATURGY.page 287 Kafka on the Shore:"The stone itself is meaningless. The situation calls for something, and at this point in time it just happens to be this stone. Anton Chekhov put it best when he said, 'If a pistol appears in a story, eventually it's got to be fired.' Do you know what that means?"..."What Chekhov was getting at is this: necessity is an independent concept. It has a different structure from logic, morals, or meaning. Its function lies entirely in the role it plays. What doesn't play a role shouldn't exist. What necessity requires does need to exist. That's what you call dramaturgy. Logic, morals, or meaning don't have anything to do with it. It's all a question of relationality. Chekhov understood draumaturgy very well."People who are somewhat adaptable understand dramaturgy. They don't spend time asking,'why does the gun have to show up in my story' or being scared of said gun. They deal with the gun (or in Kafka on the Shore's case the stone), they accept without fighting it and move on.The characters in Murikami's latest story flow with it's inertia: Kafka running away from home, drifting to wherever chance (or is it) takes him. Nakata, an aging simpleton, able to speak to cats, unexplicably drawn to a stone. The truckdriver Hoshino, shuttling Nataka from city to city, always lost as to the destination or why they travel at all. Others also seem caught in the flow of time, spiraling towards a final confrontation.As in most of Murakami's books, that conflict is not resolved in the way you would think. This novel leaves more questions and uncertainty than any great novel should. However, if you've read any of Haruki's works then you are more than accustomed to this.If you have never read anything by him I would equate his style to that of Johnathin Carrol, with Murakami being the clear better of the two. But, even that is not an apt comparison. I can honestly say that I have never read anything quite like Murakami. If you plan on starting, I would try Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World or (the most popular in America) The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle.
The many real-world examples of the successful use of YouTube for marketing were the highlights of this book. The book was easy to read, the stories were engaging, and the examples really helped me see how I might be able to use YouTube to market my business. However, compared to some of the other books I have read on the topic, the sections on promoting & distributing your videos and creating a revenue stream were  a bit basic.  In spite of this, I still recommend this book, especially if you are new to video marketing or if you need some great ideas for creative ways to present your business through video.
I was worried that this was just a low-level DIY book, but it's really aimed at network pros and engineers. Not that a very technical DIY-er wouldn't find it useful, but it's not project oriented or aimed at non-techies.
...some think that this is a true story and others, think that this isn't. Is it? Who know, but this is a pretty good read. Some parts were pretty scary, for example, the figure at the top of the stairs. Other parts seemed to drag a small bit. Sometimes that parts that dragged for me was in the way the author told the story. Perhaps an experienced author could have given more atmosphere to the story.This is the story of the Lutzs and their experience in the haunted house the bought. Then 28 days later, they fled in terror, leaving most of their possessions. In this book, the reader will find out what made the Lutz's flee.It all started when the priest went to bless the house and a voice said "GET OUT!" From that point time, the Lutz's lived in terror and nobody in that house was safe. Even the Priest that helped them was victim to the demonic forces that infested the house.  The Lutz's went through a lot of horrific events before they left the house. Much more than I would have put up with. Even when the moved, the demonic forces followed them for a while.The only problem I had with this book is the end. I wont' way what happened, but the way it ended....didnt' seem like a fit ending. There was more to tell and the author didn't tell it. I don't want to say the end was a let down, because it wasn't. However from the way it ended, it just wasn't a good place to end the story.If you like true life ghost stories, then you need to read this book. Is it true? Who know, but it's a good story. If you start it, I don't think you'll be sorry.
I loved the author's honest voice.  She never flinched when telling the truth of her life, even when there were tragedies that should never happen to a child.  The simple pleasures of life were described with such joy and love with colorful Texas expressions that they stayed with me long after I had finished reading the book.  Readers who enjoyed Glass Castles will love this as well.
I know the title may sound silly but def this book gives your some solid good advice. I def would recommend this to all women.
This is a fantastic book! I've just added it to my "favorites" list, it has already shaped the way I think abour my learning, work, and performance. The author presents a compelling model for understanding and developing talent- using a scientifically based and well articulated model. It is a joy to read and fascinating as it integrates the best science of social and cognitive psychology with neurology and biology. The new insights he shares about myelin and white matter in the brain, which unlocks new mysteries around how we learn and develop skills, is ground breaking. I recommend this to anyone and everyone- especially for parents, coaches, managers, students, and anyone else that wants to increase their learning and performance.
You know you have one--a list of books that look interesting and you will read them.  Some day.  Well, this is one to add to the list and let it come as a pleasant surprise.  Not the most gripping mystery story per se, but a fine historical novel and like so many mysteries in life, not quite what you expected in the end.  Easy to lose yourself in this one, and stay up half the night to finish it.
I had programmed in a number of languages including C before, but I was a bit intimidated by assembler.  I was also curious about how microchips work, and why they seem to be all about transistors.  There's a lot of material on the web on this subject, but none of it seems detailed and organized enough to really teach you anything.  After reading this book, it all makes sense.There are some great sections including simple, excellent explanations of 2s-complement numbers and finite state machines.  I'd recommend this book to anyone who already programs in C, and has played a bit with pointers - I'm not sure I would have liked to encounter them for the first time in this text.The book is not perfect.  Its pace is very slow, and authors often threw in "real-world" analogies which I didn't find helpful.  Some sections are a bit repetitive.  There were a few concepts thrown in without careful introduction, for example call-by-value vs. call-by-reference.  Again, that's not a serious problem if you have even passing familiarity with C.Overall, a gradual, relaxed, well-structured introduction to a fascinating subject.  Good preparation for further study.
Robert Hughes was a superb teacher because he was passionate about  Art and Art in today's times, had wonderfully high standards and is greatly missed by people who still care about such things.
I must admit that . I did not like any of the characters. Ultimately, the story leaves me feeling sad for them, but especially sad for Max.
Five stars! An excellent thought provoking book. Will make you think about where we are headed as a nation, as a world, as human beings. Margaret Atwood is an excellent story teller, albeit a little wordy at times. The book is rather short. I would have liked it to be longer. I wanted to know more about Offred and her life as a Handmaid. There is a movie based on this book, which follows the story fairly close. Worth watching if you can find it. I would recommend this book for your library. It's one you will want to read more than once.
I've read a few of John Holt's books (How Children Fail (Classics in Child Development), How Children Learn (Classics in Child Development), The Underachieving School), and to my mind, Escape from Childhood is the most philosophically 'meaty' of them. Here, John Holt provides a fairly developed (and he admits where it is not) vision of what children's rights should be in a free society. Unlike most of his other books, this one does not simply focus on Holt's arguments against compulsory schooling, but gives a more comprehensive argument about children's rights.The first half of the book more or less contains an overall message and argument that we should not think of children as 'cute little innocents' who NEED protection as children. We laugh when children do something immature (where we wouldn't laugh had an adult done it), do not often let them fail (as a learning process), and, sometimes without knowing it, force them into dependence on us. Holt's message is not that we should NOT protect children, or that we should let them simply do as they'd like without interference; rather, he believes that that we should protect them when they'd like to be protected, offer advice in a way that leaves them free to reject it if they'd like, and be very cautious that we do not coerce children in a way that highlights our need for them to be children (under our control) rather than aiding with the child's independence.The second half of the book - I think, the more substantive half - enumerates and defends ten rights Holt believes children should have in a free society. They are:1. The right to equal treatment a the hands of the law2. The right to vote, and take full part in political affairs.3. The right to be legally responsible for one's life and acts.4. The right to work, for money.5. The right to privacy.6. The right to financial independence and responsibility7. The right to direct and manage one's own education.8. The right to travel, to live away from home, to choose or make one's own home.9. The right to receive from the state whatever minimum income it may guarantee to adults citizens.10. The right to make and enter into quasi-familial relationships outside one's immediate family-ie.11. The right to do, in general, what any adult may legally do.Holt, contra some defenders of children's rights, does not anticipate that all children will desire all of these rights. If a child doesn't want to vote (as he figures most children won't), travel, establish alternative living arrangements, or receive a basic income from the government, they shouldn't have to (in the same way adults who do not want to publish or write choose not to exercise their freedom of press). And Holt does not assert these rights simply against governments (that the state may not abridge the right to travel, etc), but, when necessary, against parents (Holt is aware that children often need protection from parental pressures not to exercise certain rights).So, as an example, Holt defends the right of a child to determine how, by whom, and for how long, they will receive education. Holt deals with the "but won't children just choose not to go to school" objection by suggesting that while it is possible, it is more likely that children will simply choose to learn things they want to learn, rather than things detached government experts believe they should learn. To the "school is a sanctuary from nasty real life that all children should have" objection by noting that we often falsely assume that schools are often quite as nasty as "the world." To the "but won't this result in parents forcing their children to work rather than go to school?" objection, Holt reminds us that if each child has the option of receiving a guaranteed basic income, they can choose to leave, not work, and go to school if they'd like. Also, Holt -even though very fuzzy in detail - believes that governments could devise laws to protect children from this sort of parental coercion (in the same ways that there are laws against adults forcing other adults into labor).Holt is particularly concerned with the importance of exit rights for children's (and others') freedom. Simply put, I am most free when I can exit particular social arrangements and replace them with another viable option, and am not free when I am not free to exit. Going to school is fine, but forcing students into school - let alone a particular school - leaves the child absolutely unfree and slave to others' decisions. As Holt writes fairly early in the book (talking about our tendency to force care upon children), "No one can truly say 'Yes' to something, be it an experience or another person's offer to live, if he cannot truly say 'No.'" Hence, the proposal to guarantee a government-provided basic income to children who choose this option; rights to travel, find a new home, etc, become somewhat more difficult when the child can only do these by risking their only source of support, the parents.Unfortunately, the book and Holt's ideas are still a bit fuzzy. First, there is very little evidence of any kind on whether children can intelligently use freedoms like these; evidence is highly anecdotal starting with something like "An eight year old friend of mine in Boston..." So, some readers will rightly be concerned that giving five year olds the right to use drugs (a right that has serious consequences at FIRST misuse), can only be done if we have reason to assume that children will be somewhat responsible. Second, there are questions about whether parents must fund some of these rights: to have the right to choose their own education or travel, does that mean that parents must pay the cost of it, or must this be taken from the probably limited basic income the state provides? Third, Holt's ambivalence about the state and its role leads to a very inconclusive argument at times. He does not want the state to administer schools, but does want them both to provide the funding for, and regulate, private schools, only to ruminate on the likely possibility that the state will abuse this regulatory role, using it to limit educational choice and up tuition costs.To Holt's credit, he does admit that his vision of children's rights is somewhat preliminary, a suggestion to get a conversation going rather than a complete, exhaustive, vision. And it certainly is the former. If anything, this book is a great read because it allows us to contemplate (and see a possibly heretofore-not-entertaind rationale for) children's rights in a free society. Disagree with Holt, and you will have a lot to chew on here, allowing you to better think through your disagreements. Agree with Holt, and you will have some thinking to do in order to fill in details that Holt himself leaves incomplete.Either way, Holt gives us a lot to chew on.
I always enjoy reading a novel where the author has firsthand experience of what he writes - makes for a great, authentic story. I've read probably read about 25 war novels and this rates as one of the best.  I like the author's sharp, accurate observations, and his characterization of the players was one of the best. Webb is a gifted storyteller, as well as being successful in his other careers, such as the USMC and the halls of government, which I suppose can be more troublesome and deadly than "Charlie" at times. Webb gives us an inside look at the insanity of war (and politics), and how his Marines felt after being constantly betrayed back home by the media and by the anti-war demonstrators. You just have to imagine the threatening pressures of being on the front-lines for your year's tour in Vietnam- complete boredom for weeks followed by a few minutes of sheer terror.  A good book to read before we think about sending our young people off to do battle in foreign lands.
I love historical fiction.Was scared to read this,because Bernard Cornwell's novels about King Arthur were so good.But I would rank this with his.This guy is a great writer.Everytime I thought it was going to get boring he surprised me and made me want to read more.  Am only on third book but will definetly read all of them.
I am still around chapter 8, but I find it extremely useful and I wanted to second others' recommendations for checking out this book. I never thought that I was an expert on conversations, but I had the impression about myself that I was at least "ok". So, I didn't experience it as an enjoyable reading (especially at first), because it reminded me of so many crucial conversations in my life where I did all the wrong things, injured relationships, and got exactly the opposite results of what I intended out of a conversation or for not having the conversation at all. So it was more of an emotionally painful but sobering reading, and with some hope at the end of the tunnel, as I continue to read. If nothing else, I am now more aware than before that my skills in this area are certainly in need for improvement.And the authors' entire premise and set of techniques are described very simply and clearly, without all the heavy wordiness and theorizing that social scientists usually use in their books. It's very practical, short sweet and to the point, which I personally appreciate very much. I understood better through this little book what Kaheman tried to bring across in his large book "Thinking Fast and Slow" regarding the interaction of System 1 and System 2, even if the authors did not use these terms at all.I am not promising that we won't be struggling with improving our crucial conversations for as long as we live even after reading the book, but even if we are able to remember even a couple of the tips and implement them during our next high-stakes conversation, it might make a big difference to an important relationship in our lives. And there lies my hope.
This book I am reading at night had an excerpt from &#34;Fog and Toad Together&#34; and peeked (a boo) my interest in the book so I ordered it.  I enjoyed reading the rest of the story.  Service was great.
When I first notice the title, I could not help but think how cheesy it sounded. However, with solid reviews and the amazing accomplishments of the author, I decided to give it a try. My encounter with the first chapter was a bad start. The author simply laid out a great number of charts and expected me to somehow believe that his superior chart reading skills and pattern recognition is what resulted in his success in the trading of stocks. Acknowledging the benefit of hindsight, I was not convinced with this pattern detection stuff. Having my roots in value investing, I always thought chart readers were speculators, and speculators always lose money in the end. However, as I read further through the book, I began to understand the principles and science behind chart reading. It became so clear to me that I eventually felt like an idiot for not ever correctly consulting charts before purchasing a security. I can honestly say that if I had learned how to consult charts earlier in my investment years, I would have saved myself a lot of money. Ignorance is not bliss, ignorance is poverty. This book not only did a phenomenal job at teaching me how to read charts and explaining why their consultation are important, it also taught me some trading lessons that are very counter-intuitive. One of those particular lesson is "Take your losses quickly and your profits slowly". I used to do the very opposite, I would take my losses slowly (keep a losing stock, hoping it will go back up) and quickly sell a stock I discovered was rising in the hopes of taking my gain before it crawls back down. Although this lesson might seem simple, you would be surprised how many seasoned investors still make that mistake. The author also gave a lot of encouraging talk throughout the book, reminding the reader that through hard work and perseverance success can be achieved. One may find this sort of lecture a bit generic but to me it truly did help. Doubts and negativity can cloud the brain and undermine our efforts, any positive encouragement from someone of the caliber of William O"neil is good for the spirit. The only reason why I give this book a 4 star as opposed to 5 is due to the fact that the author was pushing his products a bit too much within this book (especially at the end). Had he omitted that sales talk, I would have undoubtedly give this book all five stars. In conclusion, is this book worth the purchase? Most definitely, YES! This book is a must read for anyone that is a serious investor.
I enjoy British mysteries like Inspector Morse and Campion, but this is the first book I have read from Robert Goddard and I couldn't put it down.  Incredible plot twists, exotic locales, interesting characters.  The basic plot is similar to Daughter of Time, but I think it is superior to the Tey book.
In the four months since I began my startup I've had dozens of books recommended to me, but none have been more valuable than What Every Angel Investor Wants You to Know. If your startup will never need funding, you can probably skip this book. For everyone else, I'd put this book on the top of your list.- Noah Blumenthal, Founder and CEO, SwayWhat
"The Time Traveler's Wife" is a quirky, creative and at times frustrating first novel.  The concept is lots of fun.  Henry DeTamble is a chrono-displaced person (CDP, of course) who finds himself traveling forwards and backwards in time, generally against his will and to places and times that he has no control over.  His wife suffers through his comings and goings, finding stability in her art and in the thin cast of friends and family around her.Chances are you've never read anything quite like this book.  The herky jerky movements in time keep you on your reading toes.  And I thought the author does a very good job keeping things reasonably organized and easy to follow.  Stuff that happens early in the book sometimes isn't explained until you read a later chapter (occurring earlier in time).  There's some interesting tension towards the end, and a bittersweet conclusion to wrap it all up.My main frustration with the book is that the story slows down and gets a bit bloated with tedious details in parts.  The novelty of the time traveling dude wears off after a handful of chapters.  It's not until later in the book, when the plot starts to pick up some steam, that my interest recovered.  But stick with it.  You'll find that this story is well worth riding it out to the end.
This is the next best thing to reading the 1912 Senate Hearings for the passenger's account of the last night on the Titanic. This was a very gripping book! You felt like you were on the ship by reading the accounts of the passengers after the maritime disaster. What stuck in my mind were the men that found out that the ship was sinking then retired to their state rooms and dressed in their fine evening wear and waited to die like gentlemen. It's hard to fathom how someone could accept their death and not try to save their life by trying to get on one of the lifeboats. Very brave and macho. I kinda got pissed off at Lightoller and how he misinterpreted the Captain's orders as being "women and children ONLY" instead of "women and children, FIRST". So, basically during the what, 1 hour of lifeboat loading, he only let one male boy get on. All men were barred on his side of the ship. Basically, this meant that most of his lifeboats were dropped into the Atlantic half-full or less since the women were scared of leaving the comfort of their ship and their men which weren't allowed to accompany them.
This is a two-piece mystery. One piece happened a century ago; the other occurs at the beginning of the story.One of the main characters, Christine, does some research about a stained glass window, and comes up with some rather bizarre information about the founders of the women's college that she and her friend Juno attended. Then, Christine disappears.Juno is the central character of this novel, and she is truly a neat character. A single mother who has survived some truly awful stuff but managed to keep it all together, you're with her as she Nancy Drew's her way through this story, closing off open ends in her own life at the same time.The side characters in this book (esp Juno's relatives and coworkers) are the only fun characters in this book. Many of the central characters are a bit too melodramatic for my taste. But having been around the arts crowd, I believe the characterization to be believable.I really enjoyed this book, and would recommend to anyone who has a day to read. Have some good cappuccino handy, though. They drink enough in the book that you want some before it's over.(*)>
Hooked on Nessbo
As you probably already know, this book is notable for being the first-person narrative of the life of an autistic boy: he starts out trying to investigate the murder of a neighbor's dog, and winds up in the middle of a family crisis. The protagonist, Christopher, also inserts into the text a variety of things that interest him: math and logic problems, discussion of space and astronauts, and so on.The most interesting thing about this book is its unique point-of-view. While Christopher certainly can't be taken to represent everyone with autism, it's still interesting to read his thought processes and learn about how he sees the world. But beyond that, what I admired most about this book was its honest portrayal of how having a child with special needs affects a family. Haddon doesn't sugercoat it; this isn't one of those works that portrays special-needs children as a constant joy to everyone around them. It seems that a lot of reviewers despise Christopher's parents, but I see where the parents are coming from--I can't imagine living with him day in and day out for years on end--and I was pleased to see the author take a more realistic and sympathetic look at the family.Beyond that, I don't have a whole lot to say about this book. The plot and prose style are both quite simple, but that fits the story and the narrator. The most problematic thing for me was that Christopher shows no empathy for others; not only does he not understand emotions, he doesn't seem to care, and he doesn't seem to be attached to anyone around him. That may be realistic, but it makes for a very cold character. At any rate, this book didn't inspire any particular passion in me, and I'm not entirely sure why it's as popular as it is, but it was a quick read and I found it to be worthwhile.
I've been avoiding learning RMAN till now. When RMAN first came out, I thought that it's another way to sell more server licenses. After reading this at the local coffee shop, I've determined that this is the preferred B&amp;R method. This is a good primer for the Oracle9i RMAN Backup &amp; Recovery (ISBN: 0072226625), which is my next purchase.
I picked this book up with some trepidation.  After enjoying everything Ian McEwan had written (Enduring Love was my favorite), I was disappointed with Amsterdam. Atonement grabbed my attention from the first page. The prose was delicious ("magical," as others have said).  Although the plot made it a page-turner, I found myself re-reading parts of it just for the sheer delight of savoring the prose.  I am puzzled by people who look for "realism" in fiction. To me, a great work of fiction challenges the imagination while giving us believable (complex, engaging) characters.  Atonement does all that.
The translated writing of this book is off the charts excellent.  I'm early into the chapters of this story but was impelled to write a review of praise for author and translator.  To discover a book of suspense and mystery that whispers to the reader as it unfolds is a treat.  I find myself torn between the action(s) being committed by the female characters who are trying to live out and survive the hand life has dealt them, and the unsuspecting selfish men who've driven them to do what they do. That being said, I look forward to reading and watching this story grow.This is definitely not your typical murder mystery novel. Its not the crimes that drive this story but the thoughts and personalities of all the characters lying in wait between its covers. What makes reading "OUT" so tantalizing is the way the characters become interlaced as each of their stories gradually unfold.  The author lifts the lid to expose the many sides of women and men trying to love one another in all their disfuntionality. Excellent!After finishing this well written book, my reaction to it is still.....OUT-Standing!  It was everything I was led to believe it would be in the early chapters, and more.  I was really impressed with the author's choice of giving readers the opportunity to hear the same incident being told from different character point of views. I read the ending chapters twice to get a better understanding of the story's wrapup.  It made a difference in my understanding of the story as a whole.  OUT-Standing!
This book was written years ago, but Erma's humor is still pertinent today. A very enjoyable, timeless read.Highly recommend for it's realistic humor!
I refused to read this book for ages because it was a trendy book with a trendy name. But now I understand everyone's love for it. I suppose that the way to get a sci-fi book to succeed is to not market it as a sci-fi book. This book is 100% a time travel novel, and it's done quite cleverly. The time traveler in question has a genetic mutation that makes him spontaneously time travel, so he lands in various times and places quite naked. He often runs into himself, but he also meets his wife when...more I refused to read this book for ages because it was a trendy book with a trendy name. But now I understand everyone's love for it. I suppose that the way to get a sci-fi book to succeed is to not market it as a sci-fi book. This book is 100% a time travel novel, and it's done quite cleverly. The time traveler in question has a genetic mutation that makes him spontaneously time travel, so he lands in various times and places quite naked. He often runs into himself, but he also meets his wife when he's an adult and she's a child. While she has known him all her life, he only knows her during his adulthood. It wasn't difficult to figure out where the book was going and when the roller coaster was going to plunge downhill. However, the process of reading the novel was quite satisfying. The author is able to create a world and quickly bring the reader comfortably inside it to be a watcher in the shadows. I'm definitely glad I finally broke down to read this book because it's certainly now among my all time favorites.
Moving account of twinship,surgery,love, disappointment and career triumph.Glmpses of British colonial, Indian, Ethiopian and Amertcan culture. Tells us how forein doctors get placed in American hospitas. Well worth reading. B Shachter.
Once again he draws us not only into Wallander's quagmire of a life, but into the complexity of his cases.  Well worth your time.
This was a great book telling how an indian girls life is! It made me laugh, it made me cry, it moved me. I will never be the same as i was when i started this Phoneminal Life of a courageous indian girl! This book is one you will never forget my friend! Thankyou for reading our review, ya'll come back now ya hear?
This short novella is a collection of episodes documenting the lives of several residents of Monterey during the Great Depression. Cannery Row, the book's title, is merely a fictional street in Monterey, but after the book's success became the name of an actual street in that city. Each chapter in the book is a more or less self-contained story, but all of them function cohesively in creating the overall effect of a unified narrative. There are certain characters that feature more prominently throughout the book, and they serve as fulcrums around which the book revolves. Steinbeck is a masterful storyteller, and his insights into human nature and our motives are as fresh today as they were when this book was originally published. His crisp, linear narrative style is a refreshing antidote to much of the experimental and conceptual fiction that was in vogue in the middle of the twentieth century. Whether you have read his other works or are new to this great American author, you will find a lot to enjoy and appreciate in this short book.
Philip Roth is the best we have; he might be the best we've ever had. His themes in "The Human Stain" range from the grand-death, race, betrayal-to the ordinary-academic infighting, boxing, dairy farming. His characters are flesh and blood, capable of evoking the entire range of human emotions. They aren't scantily clad post-modern stick figures that exist solely for an author to clothe them in pet theories. They live and will endure.
Protagonist Nostromo experiences the life which the author seeks for the reader to envy - or does he or she?Living amid the fictional South American country torn with civil war and military coup's strife, Nostromo works for foreign miners whose ill begotten gain is admonished by the countrypeople and the leaders of the coup.  Eventually, even the loyal and most helpful to the English Nostromo must concede that his purpose should be more than aiding the rich to extract his country's riches for their personal financial gain.Conrad is a master of telling great stories in incredible detail. And "Nostromo" is his only novel set on land - although a great amount involves a boat pulling off shore to an island not far away from the site of the majority of the novel. And, quite candidly, the boat parts of this book are the most gripping in detail and style.Conrad's other great novels have dealt with great characters of the sea: the almost perfection of man with "Lord Jim" ; or the eery recantations of the life in the third world where people would kill another for nickels and dimes in "Heart of Darkness." This novel mixes the greatness of "Lord Jim" in the character of Nostromo and encircles him in a world of relative anarchy as the warring coups' leaders and the old government involve serious and severe physical harm to all.The major theme of the story is about the cache of silver derived from the foreign man's efforts in the town in which Nostromo lives.  Those involved must ask:  Let the military leaders come in an take the silver or save it for the old rule or for those who mined it? Not previously involved in the politics of his own country which are grotesquely intertwined and muddied by foreign money or manipulation, Nostromo becomes very much involved in politics with his handling of the hiding of the silver ingots.  People are subsequently tortured to death for information about the silver. But, only one man knows what happened to it and where it lies. Is this good? Conrad described Nostromo as "The slave of the San Tome silver [who] felt the weight of the chains upon his limbs. . . " He was fettered by the knowledge and being involved with the hiding of the silver.  Before he became involved, life was good. After the hiding, life remained good - until he suffers an unfortunate disruption with a woman scorned.Like a Greek tragedy, this novel laments the hero for his humanity and human weaknesses. Unlike a Greek tragedy, this is a long and drawn out struggle involving a great amount of reading.Conrad learned English after the age of 21, and when he wrote, he wished to convey to the reader his knowledge of the vocabulary of the English language. In short, Conrad writes in a style that is neither quick paced nor easily absorbed as many uncommon words are shoehorned into certain sentences for what can commonly be proclaimed as affectation or even grandiloquence.  Regardless of this truism, this book should be read.
This book surprised me. I came into it having watched the movie, which was very lighthearted. The first half of the book was quite a bit deeper than I expected. There were moments of beauty and heartache and despair. Annie's story resonated with me more than any of the other women, which surprised me. Her emotions felt the most real to me. Her husband was the most despicable out of all of them (even the megalomanic/woman beater). Annie's husband only left her but refused to acknowledge their daughter with Down's Syndrome. AND he only really liked his first born son. The middle son was always neglected because he saw how special his sister is. OH. And he gambled away his daughter's trust fund on the stock market. That was the money that was supposed to sustain her lifestyle at a special school. Annie had to sell everything she owned in order to make sure her daughter would have a happy, healthy, and normal life at Sylvan Glades. Despite all that, I think it was Annie's loneliness really resonated with me. I've been that lonely before so I could relate to her on a very deep emotional level. Annie's character is so much deeper than the Diana Keaton portrayal of her in the movie.Right around the 50% mark in the book, Olivia Goldsmith changed her writing style. The chapters shifted from these detailed character moments that were really introspective to these choppy chapters that jumped around. You know what I'm talking about when I say choppy chapters -- the kind of chapters that jump POV's and are separated by a few line spaces and a ***. I might not have had a problem with this if she hadn't just decided to start doing it in the middle of the novel. To be honest, I didn't care what the minor society characters were thinking/talking about. I was invested in and cared about the main characters. To have moments without them showed me that Goldsmith lost her way a little bit toward the end. It seems like she felt compelled to include ALL THE THINGS rather than the most important. My little gripes here are what kept me from giving this a four star review.However, I found The First Wives Club by Olivia Goldsmith to be the precursor to what we think of as chick lit. I read a review on Goodreads that called the book "the grandmother of chick lit." I think that's an apt description. This was published before Carrie Bradshaw and Bridget Jones hit the scene. I can't say that Goldsmith intended on creating a new genre that's marketed to women but I think she and the book are probably as close as we can get to that moment where authors and publishers realized that female readers were their most powerful demographic.All in all, the book was DEFINITELY better than the movie and quite an enjoyable read. If you've ever been scorned and/or lonely, you'll be able to identify with Elise, Brenda, and Annie.
Fans of Wodehouse's Jeeves and Wooster books know there is only one tiny flaw in the soothing ointment of these books: there are never any new ones.Sebastian Faulks has solved that problem by writing a new Jeeves and Wooster book. It's gracefully written, without anachronisms to spoil the illusion. It has stately homes, cricket, horse racing, pretty girls, imposters, a show in the village hall, aunts -- in short, all the ingredients of an excellent Wodehouse adventure.It also has an absolutely astonishing ending. No hints here -- you have to read it yourself.New to the oeuvre? Feckless man about town Bertie Wooster and his brainy gentleman's gentleman Jeeves must rally round to help out an old pal -- and coincidentally to get a little more face time with the lovely Georgianna, whom Bertie met on the Riviera. Madcap hi-jinks ensue... but can Bertie do his bit without facing social ruin?This is a lovely light romp of a book, a fine introduction to the characters and a satisfying ending to the saga.
This is another of Tannenbaums great books. It is delightful to read his books. It deepens your understanding and gives you a feeling of happiness at the same time.Specifically this book contains the entire source code of an OS (Minix THE predecessor of LINUX). It is complete and thoroughly explained. The source code is in C and sometimes in Assembler. Especially the Assembler parts are hard to grasp. The C code is sometimes very lucid sometimes I simply got lost. So I just stuck to the main text.
My son is 22 months old and has loved this book since I got it 6 months ago.  Easy to follow moves like &#34;bend your neck&#34;, wave your arms, kick your legs, just like the animals do.  Must have book for a toddler!
I checked this book out of the library just because I always enjoyed doing story problems.  What it does is give you a methodology to solve all those story problems you always struggled through in school.  I worked virtually every problem in the book, just because I found it fascinating.  It's amazing what algebra can do for you!  I never realized how practical it was.  I thought this was a great book for providing a solid understanding of how to do story problems.  And if you like doing story problems, this one will give you plenty of practice!
This is a brilliant novel that will keep you on edge from the first page. Rendell once again gets inside the heads of people who are spiraling down into madness.  I had thought that, after reading her &#8220;A Demon in My View,&#8221; I had read her definitive effort at leading us into the dark basement of derangement. But with this 1985 novel, I discovered a surpassing probe into the lives of people slipping from whatever precarious hold they had on reality.Rendell&#8217;s specialty is this sort of exploration into what it&#8217;s like to lose one&#8217;s footing. She lets readers inhabit the lonely existences of these characters for a while, as they try to reassure themselves by running their fingers along the blades of the protective knives they keep in their pockets. But amazingly, Rendell doesn&#8217;t repeat herself. Each one of her featured characters in these noir psychological novels loses touch with reality in his or her own particular way. Each one is set spinning along some very personal trajectory that&#8217;s believable, and fateful. It&#8217;s never a standardized schizophrenia that drives these individuals.The characters in &#8220;The Killing Doll&#8221; are memorable for the very special, and deadly, twist their perceptions take.
I love every little overwritten sentence. Every little unrealistically beautiful and eccentric character.I just love the magic of every thing that my newest favourite author says, and whilst I apperciate that absolutely nothing she says has a great deal of realism to it, I cannot put her books down. I would suggest that no one can, and thus I think you should consider picking one up.This being my second Lia Block novel/s, I think it is a fine place to start, and has an innocence that my first read, 'Violet and Claire', was lacking. Nevertheless, it was more sophisticated and technically, more impressive.Whilst the story line is far fetched, Lia Block makes the world is full of love and hope and all things slinsterlicious.She is cool and creative, and her books reflect a more youthful approach to magic realism. I will be reading this one again, and purchasing all those I am so far missing before too long. I suggest you do the same. You are never too old for these books.Of course, as all things, they are almost unavailable here in Australia, so don't get too excited Aussies.
This book is nothing short of stupendous. It's written straight as a collection of pastiches from when the author was one of the ex-patriates--due mostly to prohibition.  Paris was the Mecca of the literary artist.  For those of us stuck in vocations of repetition and bureaucracy, Hemingway's spontaneous, productive lifestyle in Paris will truly produce envy.  The cuisine and the company will turn you green.  Nothing will make you want a dozen oysters and a bottle of Sancere more.  When I first read it I believed that he had been cruel to Fitzgerald, but I must modify that view now.  It may be an accurate portrait of a man tied to a crazy spouse who constantly placed him under psychological siege.  Hemingway is very sensitive towards the French working man, and his prose, for the most part, is up to his usual quality.  I greatly enjoyed this book and recommend it as a grand vacation away from life's drudgery.
Read this and find out who really rules the world, if anybody.  Covers 1913 to 1945. Four men (two replaced by death) make  most of the decisions that shape the world.  Not always well organized, but educational.
another good one for your erma bombeck collection.  always good reading. never get tired of erma-just miss her and more of her writing.
This book is quick and easy to read, which is nice--like a country song. Not too deep but deep enough. Gets the message accross and lets the reader feel the emotions of a newly separated women that lost herself to become an extension of her husband. I enjoyed the easy flow of this story. Most of us women have been through similar situations or at least the emotions. Great book......Definitely worth reading
Kathy Reichs has a great formula with the Bones novels featuring forensic anthropologist Temperance Brennan. BONES OF THE LOST is the 16th installment of the series and proudly continues the intense and deftly researched work for which she has become famous.The challenge with following any literary series that has a television counterpart is to separate the two from each other. Rarely are the on-screen adaptations completely faithful to the source material. That is certainly the case with this series, as most of the characters seen on the hit FOX show are not found in the books, which I find to possess more intensity and provide forensic insight on a deeper level.BONES OF THE LOST is a multi-layered novel with a diverse set of plot twists that all come together in the end.  The first incident pertains to a Jane Doe found dead along a desolate part of the highway. There is no clue as to her identity, and nothing helps the police and CSU techs other than a business card found on her for wealthy entrepreneur John-Henry Story. The only problem is that Story died in a fire months earlier. On the surface, there should be no connection between him and an apparent illegal immigrant who may have been a call girl.Temperance Brennan is like a bulldog when she finds a difficult case, and even the thought of her daughter, Katy, being oversees on military duty in Afghanistan is not enough to take her mind off the Jane Doe mystery. She is next given a set of crates to examine that look to contain the remains of several Peruvian dogs; they are, in fact, linked to a Desert Storm veteran named Dominick Rockett. Further investigation of Rockett has Temperance and the police suspecting a connection to a human trafficking ring.To take her mind off these perplexing mysteries, Brennan is asked by her soon-to-be ex-husband Pete to take on a case as a favor to him. It turns out that the son of one of Pete's military colleagues is under investigation for killing some Afghan civilians in cold blood. An Article 32 court-martial case is being held, and Pete wants Brennan to oversee the exhumation of the deceased victims to determine the fashion in which they were actually killed. She jumps at the opportunity to get away from her open cases in Charlotte and may even be able to hook up with her daughter while overseas.Brennan performs admirably and makes a nice impact and impression on the military case.  It is only when she is on her way back stateside that she uncovers some information that may shed new light on that case. Even more horrifying for her is the fact that there are connections she is making that link those events to the open cases she left behind in Charlotte.Kathy Reichs has a great ability to take nearly impossible situations and make them completely plausible. The reader has no choice but to sit back, strap in tight, and go along for the ride. BONES OF THE LOST is a nice complement to the Bones series and the afterword she provides --- entitled "From the Forensic Files of Dr. Kathy Reichs" --- shows how actual real-world events provided the impetus for this intriguing novel.Reviewed by Ray Palen
I see another review stating that this book would be good for beginners, so I will clear that up first. THis book is NOT for beginners at all. The author has a "Prerequisites" section which states that: "To make effective use of this book, you must have more than a passing familiarity with JavaScript, HTML, and CSS. I assume, for example, that you already know how to implement objects with JavaScript's prototypal inheritance, and that you are well versed in web application development in general."That being said, if you meet the prerequisites and are ready to master Canvas, this is an excellent book. Explanations are clear and concise. Every chapter is filled with syntax colored examples which the author uses to teach the reader how to build actual controls or games. This book covers every aspect of Canvas in neatly organized chapters. I also like that everything is explained in depth, so if you need to do something slightly different than the way the book does it, you're not left hanging. No need to bother with the highlighter, the book does it for you with "Tips" and "Notes" in dark blue with check mark icons that highlight good advice, and "Caution" warnings in red.If you are a programmer looking for an intermediate/advanced book to expand your skillset, this is the perfect book. Very technical yet easy to read.I plan to keep this in my collection for a long time.
Love in the Time of Cholera by Gabriel Garcia Marquez, translated by Edith Grossman, is a story of obsessed love in Latin America in the decades surrounding the year 1900.  When very young, Florentino Ariza and Fermina Daza fall in love. But Fermina changes her mind and marries a paragon of a young and dedicated and handsome and wealthy and aristocratic doctor named Juvenal Urbino instead. While Fermina and the doctor spend more than fifty years together, many of them happy, have a solid marriage, and raise a family, Florentino obssesses over her and takes on well over 600 lovers to kill the time while he waits for her husband to die. Weird story with weird characters, which can be read as an allegory of love as a fatal and contagious disease, but so well written that Marquez keeps you glued anyway. His prose is lyrical and beautiful, and can sweep the reader away as if on the currents of a magical river.
There are two things that strike me as unique about `The Hound of the Baskervilles' at least when compared to the stories in `The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes.' One is that the change of setting to the fog-drenched moors casts a different light on the proceedings. The other is that in this story there is a lengthy portion in which Watson is the primary on stage participant and detective. Holmes returns earlier than we realize initially but even taking that re-entry into account, he is absent throughout much of the action at the core of the story.This absence thrusts Watson onto center stage and his deductive powers are pushed to their limits. He does an admirable job of pursuing leads and has learned his lessons from Holmes well. However, the burden is wearing upon his resolve and he has reached a point of despair when Holmes reappears. Watson is always a central character in that we are given his words, his interpretations and his perceptions of every Holmes adventure. In this novel, we even glimpse his diary and his determination to put Holmes' methods into practice.Even those who know very little about Holmes know the title `The Hound of the Baskervilles,' even if they know very few details of the plot. As a novel, it is uniquely positioned to grab the attention of those readers who may want something more super-sized than a short story to undertake in order to sample a Holmes story.The change of locale allows Doyle to create a different kind of mystery. The family legend/curse is reminiscent of gothic horror stories and one would not be at all surprised to see the ghosts of Heathcliff and Cathy roaming these moors. Holmes' and Watson's detection methods are still employed as they are in the crowded urban London stories yet here on the moors there are fewer places to hide from a demonic hound, escaped convict or a psychopathic entomologist. Holmes is still a practical man who believes only in reason and discounts the supernatural but the setting on the moors, more so than any of the actors that tread upon it, is supernatural. The damp and oppressive fog can leach the soul and the quicksand bogs can lure anyone to muddy death.In this instance, Holmes solves the mystery with the aid of Watson's own deductive conclusions. Without them he could not assemble all the pieces of the puzzle and reach the correct conclusions. Watson should therefore be credited with solving the mystery as much as Holmes. However, Holmes is still the master strategist, directly or indirectly moving his players on the board like chess pieces. Holmes credits the villain with being the most ingenious and diabolical foe they've come across. This puzzled me. The villain is indeed clever. However, there are instances where he overplays his hand and leaves behind witnesses that have sufficient grounds for despising him and that would not hesitate to testify against him. I don't see how he outwits Holmes or even Watson. In fact, the `foe' that almost prevents Holmes from saving a potential victim is the encroaching fog which encompasses the moor at the most inopportune time. Holmes and Watson barely miss saving this person from a grisly death.Despite what I see as an overestimation of his foe by Holmes, the mystery appears to be airtight, although I'm sure that if one dismantled each piece of evidence and scrutinized it one could find oversights or conclusions that stretch beyond logic. That criticism could be lodged against almost any mystery and is beside the point of mystery novels. The master mystery writer like Doyle is like a magician, distracting the reader by focusing his attention on one piece of evidence while maneuvering another piece of evidence that is usually hiding in plain sight. I am not surprised by the popularity of `The Hound of the Baskervilles.' It is an ingenious, cleverly planned and plotted mystery which contains thrilling action forcing Holmes and Watson to conduct much of their investigation in the middle of an oppressive and treacherous environment. Holmes lacks the luxury of theorizing overnight in his cozy Baker Street apartment. He is in the middle of a harsh, unforgiving locale in which a split second delay could result in someone's untimely death. It is a masterful blend of mystery, adventure and gothic mood piece
This writing was done in 2006, so I don't know how things have changed since then. I pray this book truly expresses a powerful trend in corporate America.
The United States to any astute observer has become a nation dealing with the after-effects of multiple disasters, some natural and some very man-made in nature. What is sorely lacking is a large dose of preventative measures meant to restore our economic, military, social, psychological, cultural, educational, etc. leadership throughout the world. That usually means preventing a problem from beginning; but in this well-researched, critical novel, the call is for individuals and the government of the United States to prevent China from destroying America. That sounds like a tall order, and yet these two passionate authors lay out past behavior, intentions and effects on many policies active between China and America that seem designed to enrich China and bring the United States to its knees!Each chapter herein specifically covers how China is poisoning America. First, the authors describe how lethal fillers, additives, chemicals, and more are inserted into our food, furniture and drugs. Notice the emphasis on multiple specific examples. The specificity of these facts as one reads makes it all the more frightening. Who hasn't heard about poisoned drugs or wood for baby cribs?Navarro and Autry next canvas China's increasing economic domination, a fact many have heard but fail to appreciate just how widespread this takeover has spanned the American economy. Consider, as the authors advise, the elaborate web of illegal subsidies, the undervalued currency, piracy and theft of our intellectual property, massive environmental damage, lax health and safety standards, unlawful tariffs and more, protectionism, and more. Very often, our business and political leaders are aware this is happening but claim to be helpless to stop it. As one reads more and more, one questions and wonders how we have reached this point.Then one might be more horrified after reading about China's theft of our technology, including manufacturing, space programs, financial systems, and national secrets. If one hasn't previously believed this was a deliberate conspiracy, by now one cannot with a level amount of thinking believe otherwise. On and on it goes. Finally, however, the authors offer a chapter with multiple suggestions for American individuals to take in demanding our government respond to these nightmarish scenarios, as well as offering leaders a path to restore our country's economy, intellectual, military, and political future to a position of strength rather than victimized weakness that spells out the potential for America's total demise.Death in China is a moving, passionate, and gripping wake-up call to American citizens and leaders. According to the authors of this book about the decline of America, it is not too late to change our American journey from its present complacency to a vigorous stance leading to success and prosperity.Very nicely done and sure to be debated everywhere and by anyone who reads Death At China.
If you ever wondered what the ultimate devotion of a true friend is like, then Of Mice and Men is the book for you.  In this novel John Steinbeck explores the interesting lives of two men, Lennie and George.  Lennie is a man with a big body and an even bigger heart. Lennie is the kind of gentle giant who loves anything soft. George is the opposite of Lennie. George is a small dark man with sharp features.  The two men travel to California in search of work.  When they arrive at a ranch they find more then just work. They make new friends, new enemies and get into trouble.  Lennie has a learning disability and is a little slow, and George said he would always watch out for Lennie. In their time at the ranch they meet a few different characters, one of which is a woman who happens to be married to the bosses' son Curly. Curly is a small jealous man who picks fights for random reasons. Curly's wife is a flirtatious woman who loves the attention she receives from the men on the farm. One event that shows Georges strength and the lack of his ability to make good judgments, was when Curly stormed into the bunkhouse accusing Lennie of having and affair with his wife. When Curly throws a punch Lennie catches his fist and easily crushes it. This event only added to Lennie and Georges problems. George and Lennie are working to save money so they can live a life they always dreamed of.  After a series of unfortunate events the plot takes a sorrowful turn. This is a very entertaining book that has a little bit of everything: comedy, drama, action, suspense and tragedy. This book shows what a true friend would do for another friend. I would recommend this book to people of all ages. We can all learn from Lennie and George
Two things are sure about Murakami's writing now:1. It's out of this world. Every book leaves something and changes me.2. I am having troubles describing it.Most amazing is how you are able to synchronize with the character's state of mind. All this calmness and deepness, you think that you should first get into similar mood in order to read, but once you start, your mood is itself shaped by the book.
&quot;Of Mice and Men&quot; is a great book.  I never would have touched it, but it was required reading for school.  Not only is it short and brief (only 100 something pages), but it is very insightful and  thought-provoking.  It is hard to place it in a genre, since it very sad,  but also sometimes funny.  So i guess I'll just say it's a good book.  It  does not have the kind of storyline I would actually pick to read, but  after reading it I learned how much I really enjoyed it.  It's really good  to occupy time on a long plane/car ride since of its size, and also pretty  fast-paced, so you can stay interested.  Read this book!
Quite simply, the best golf book I've ever read. To The Linksland is a fantastic story, well-told and skillfully written. This book is so good that I've actually purchased it twice after losing a copy loaned out to friends.
I've been working out since I was a teenager.  When you first start working out, a lot of what you learn is trial and error, hearsay, and BS.  As you progress, you begin to learn things about your body, but more importantly, you hopefully mature and start to look at the world with a more critical eye.  That's where Mike Mentzer's book comes in.If you are just prone to look at body building magazines and shrug your shoulders and do exactly what it says in the magazines, you won't like this book.  If you are more inclined to take a scientific approach to your diet and training, you will find a lot of value in this book.Don't get me wrong, you don't have to take this book as the gospel, but a lot of the theories on diet and training are applicable to training yourself, no matter what your training philosophy is.  If you believe in high intensity, awesome!  There is a ready made program here.  If you believe in a more conventional program, great!  The ideas in this book may help you change your approach to a nagging body part or help you think about your training in a way that will help you move past a sticking point.
This ebook was easy to read and looked good on Kindle 3. It does however not have markers for chapters, and there are no illustrations, but all in all it is a good Kindle edition compared to many others I've seen where the formatting is strange.The story of course is the same lovely classic Christmas story, and I recommand reading this original text even if you are familiar with the story already from film&TV;.
A fabulous book for any young boy or girl and his or her parents. Like Mr Gumpy's Outing, the pictures are marvelous, the story simple yet captivating. A must have for any child's bookshelf
I purchased this book for a friend in a nursing home because Jan Karon's stories are so interesting and real life,  she wasso happy with the first in the series.
I was hesitant to read Gods Behaving Badly, because it is not the type of book I normally read.  I decided to take a chance and explore something out of my ordinary, and I am so glad I did.The gods of Olympus are leading not so quiet and not so normal lives in a townhouse in London where they cohabitat.  They are bored, angry over their waning power, and taking it out on mankind. Without giving too much of the story away, Apollo and Aphrodite enter into a clash of the titans, that rocks Neil and Alice's world, when Aphrodite commands Eros to let fly an arrow of love straight for Apollos heart.  This arrow will cause Apollo to fall in love with the next person he sees, which happens to be Alice.  Eros has also been commanded to shoot an arrow of hate at the person Apollo looks at, which will cause a great deal of strife and provide Aphrodite will days, hours, even decades of amusement.  When Eros can't bring himself to follow simple instructions, Alice ends up the love interest of one of the greatest Greek gods in history and Neil is left to try and save her.  The results are hysterically funny and touching at the same time.The book is a true delight to read. So much effort went into keeping the mythological gods and goddesses true to their nature, but at the same time, updating them to the 21st century.  How they have adapted to an ever-changing world, which no longer believes in them, is nothing short of brilliant on the authors part.  Marie Phillips is flawless in her attempt to bring forth a fresh, entertaining, and simply fantastic tale.  This is the type of book that you will be able to read a few times and always find something you missed the last time you read it.  It deserves to find a home on everyone's bookshelf.
i bought this as a study aid for level 1&2 anatomy and physiology college courses. It did very well in breaking down the individual bones of the body. However does not always give the best narrated descriptions. This is worth buying as a general overview study aid but not for learning the small individual parts of specific bones such as the trochanters of the femer.
Andrew Robinson has done an excellent job shining the spotlight on Thomas Young, the early 19th Century polymath who demonstrated that light was wavelike rather than corpuscular and who contributed mightily to the deciphering of Egyptian hieroglyphics and the related demotic script.Robinson does a good job describing Young:  A quintessential problem solver;  a very critical, careful, disciplined and precise thinker; a voracious and systematic reader with a strong idiographic and auditory memory; socially modest and calm;  an indefatigable writer whose range of subject matter was vast yet who carefully avoided subjects where he knew little.  This in most instances is an admirable quality.  However, Young's chosen profession was that of a medical doctor.  In this field his almost hyper-sensitivity to how little was actually empirically known in the field of medicine must have been somewhat disconcerting to his patients who were looking for certain cures.While Robinson carefully describes Young's contributions to the theory of light and to deciphering the Rosetta Stone and some of Young's work habits, I was disappointed that he never provided a clearly articulated description of how Young actually solved the extremely difficult problems he tackled.  Young apparently wrote little about his own internal thought processes ... but Robinson scatters clues throughout the book suggesting that he had a number of thoughts on this topic.  Robinson actually wrote a book on creative thinking, Sudden Genius?, but Young does not figure prominently in it and it focuses more on the motivations of creative geniuses rather than their actual thought and work processes.Despite this limitation the book is a definite keeper.  I am returning my copy to the library as soon as my newly purchased copy arrives.  Robinson covers the multitude of technical topics extremely well.  Clearly he is a bit of a polymath himself - and seems to be exceptionally well versed in the deciphering of ancient languages.
If Frank Capra wrote a book about Christmas, I doubt he could have done a better job than John Grisham has in his "Skipping Christmas." It is a story about many things: about family, commercialism, the pressures and joys of community, and the true meaning of Christmas.The story centers on an idea the main character, Luther Krank, has. With his daughter finally out of the nest and with the realization that he spent nine percent of his adjusted gross on Christmas the year before, Luther decides to "skip" Christmas.For Luther (and his wife Nora) "skipping Christmas" means: not presents, no tree, no buying gifts, no decorating, no office parties, and on the day after Christmas--a big fat cruise in the Caribbean.Only, Luther and Nora do not find extricating themselves from Christmas as easy as it would seem to be on the surface. The rest of the book tells of their adventures in trying to skip Christmas. And as with all great Christmas stories, the ending is wonderful.I give skipping Christmas my highest recommendation.
I don't know about you, but I am certain no one will every write a biography of my life. It's quite simple: nothing much ever happened to me worth writing about. And so it is with most folks. Yet when we pick up The Stone Diaries we read a fictional autobiography of a very ordinary woman that starts when Daisy Stone is comfortably in the womb, and finishes with her obituary. Daisy tells her tale in the third person, and uses documents, letters, and the commentary of others to flesh out the story of her unexceptional life...We really never get to know Daisy well. Her thoughts and emotions, her joys and sorrows lie hidden. Even when she becomes clinically depressed we never get any closer to her mind. To avoid sentimentality she frequently uses letters and the interview-like comments of others to tell the story. She is intelligent and educated, but what was that worth in the first half of the 20th century? Not much. She marries for security, dutifully raises her children, and, without joy, makes herself available in bed. She shows happiness when given a column to write in a newspaper, and that is perhaps her life's triumph.So what do we make of all of this? It is easy to see that born 40 years later Daisy would probably have been quite the achiever. She was born in 1905, however, and Carol Shields does a splendid job of presenting a person who was born, served time on the planet, and then departed, her mark being that she left three children who had more opportunities to develop their talents.This is a novel that may captivate many readers -after all it did win a Pulitzer Prize- or it may leave some dissatisfied. I found the book to be well written, and intriguing, yet Daisy was just too distant for me. You should read it, though. It's a modern classic.
This is one of those books I'm not sure what to think of.  While I adore the series, this one sometimes leaves a bitter taste in my mouth.  Its actually the first of the series I've ever read (my mom got it for me when I was very young because of the unicorn on the cover).  For that experience, all I can say is read the other books first or you will be completely and utterly lost in this book.  For those not familiar with Narnia, it is a magical land filled with mythical creatures, noble people, and talking animals; not to mention the great lion Aslan.This book starts you out with trepidation by introducing you to the last King of Narnia, Trinian, and his faithful Unicorn companion Jewel.  They are enjoying a relaxing time when they hear that someone is felling the ancient tress and the dryads are dying.  Behind these capers are an old tricky Ape and his somewhat less clever donkey friend named Puzzle, who was tricked into wearing the skin of a lion and pretending to be Aslan.  The Ape is doing horrible things in the name of Aslan, including bringing in Calormen's to enslave and take all that is good in Narnia.  The King, when captured, calls outl for help in the form of the young children who have saved Narnia in the past, and Eustace and Jill come to try to help save the day.This book was very rushed and as so, the characters are hurried as well.  Puzzle is sweet and a bit clueless but its sometimes hard to believe he would believe the Ape so readily. The Ape himself is loathsome as is most of his ready companions.  Jill and Eustace are present in the book but not a lot of time is given to their characters, other than the skills they have learned and can use to help Trinian.The writing as said before, is rushed and the story passes along all too quickly.  It is probably a good pace for children, and this is a children's book and appropriate for them.  It has an interesting plot and concept but I do want to take time to explain why this book infuriates me at times.  These books have a decidedly Christian tone and most the time that is ok because it is only a background theme throughout the books.  This book brings it front and center and out in the open and while that would be ok normally, Lewis uses it and makes some somewhat offensive judgments (at least in my opinion).  Using Aslan, and the Calormen god Tash, Lewis makes some comparisons between religions that are a bit condescending.  For Atheists there is apparently no hope at all according to this book as they are all quite bad people and don't get anything good in the end (there is one dwarf that might be considered an atheist at a point, but apparently changes his mind later on and receives good things).  It's just a little sad that the book couldn't be more accepting and kind towards other ways of thinking.Now that I'm off that tangent I do think this book is important to read because it is the end of the series and has a finale for the characters.  Overall I'd probably rate this one 3.5 stars just because while its a good story, it is offensive to certain groups of people who may have started the series loving the other books and then got to this one.The Last BattleCopyright 1956228 pagesReview by M. Reynard 2011
This book is one of my favorite books of all time. Karen Cushman perfectly captures life for a young teenage girl in the Middle Ages. From mundane, everyday problems like fleas to major concerns like familial expectations and marriage, Cushman covers it all! This is one of the few books that is  so accurate that readers can really get a feel for the times as they truly  were - not the way they are romanticized. I say kudos to Cushman, and I  hope she keeps them coming!
After having read all of Salinger's currently available works (obviously many will be published upon his death) except for this one, I found it incumbent upon myself to finish the J.D. Salinger tour with this two story compilation that seemingly concludes (at least for now) the enthrallingly enigmatic, not to mention neurotic, Glass family.While both are told via Buddy's first person narrator perspective, Raise High the Roof Beam is a far superior effort, although I must admit that I thoroughly enjoyed Seymour: An Introduction as well -- just not as immensely as its predecessor.  After reading both, one seems to learn a great deal more about Buddy, Boo Boo, Les and Bessie, Walt, and Franny &amp; Zooey than Seymour himself.  Buddy admittedly refuses to delve into the years immediately prior to Seymour's suicide(deftly written in A Perfect Day for Bananafish), but rather touches solely on his youthful years while starring on &quot;It's A Wise Child.&quot;  This book is worth the price alone due to the profound Taoist tale Seymour told Franny when she was a baby -- as well as Buddy's hilarious blowup at the insufferably annoying Matron of Honor.&quot;My atoms, moreover, are arranged to make me constitutionally inclined to believe that where there's smoke there's usually strawberry Jello, seldom fire.&quot; - Buddy
Beautiful and fascinating.  Many many great ideas.  But many of the recipes are a bit too exotic and probably not useful.
James Weldon Johnson (1871 -- 1938) is best-known as the author of "Lift Every Voice and Sing," the "Negro National Anthem" written in 1900 for Lincoln's birthday. Johnson had extraordinary gifts as a poet. His celebration of the African-American preacher in God's Trombones, published in 1927, is a masterpiece of American poetry.Johnson was inspired to write "God's Trombones: Seven Negro Sermons in Verse " after hearing a stirring African-American preacher in Kansas City in 1918.  Johnson wrote seven free-verse poems on biblical themes to capture the rhythm, content, language and religious commitment of the African-American preacher. Johnson also wrote a celebrated prose introduction to the book in which he described the place of the preacher in African-American life and explained his decision not to use dialect in writing the poems. Johnson also explained why he used the trombone as the guiding figure of his poem.  Johnson wrote of his experience with the Kansas City preacher:"He strode the pulpit up and down in what was actually a very rhythmic voice, a voice -- what shall I say? -- not of an organ or a trumpet, but rather of a trombone, the instrument possessing above all others the power to express the wide and varied range of emotions encompassed by the human voice -- and with greater amplitude.  He intoned, he moaned, he pleaded, -- he blared, he crashed, he thundered.  ... [T]he emotional effect upon me was irresistable."The poetry opens with a short preliminary call to prayer, "Listen, Lord" followed by the seven sermons. The sermons open with the preacher's account of "The Creation"; and they conclude with a sermon on the end of days, "The Judgment Day". Four of the remaining poems deal with Biblical subjects, "The Prodigal Son", "Noah Built the Ark", "The Crucifixion", and "Let my People Go", the story of the Exodus from Egypt.  The remaining sermon "Go down death -- a Funeral Sermon" is a meditation on the death of an elderly woman in Georgia who, in the preacher's language, is carried by Death to the throne of Jesus.  The poems are in free verse, move in an elevated and lively style, include vivid imagery, and a sense of rhythmic speech and propulsion.  It is useful to read them aloud.  The poems make use effective use of repetition.  Look at "The Crucifixion", for example, and see the many different adjectives Johnson applies to the figure of Jesus.  The opening lines of the first three stanzas alone refer to "my gentle Jesus", "my burdened Jesus" and "my sorrowing Jesus".  Each of the poems conclude with a short and effective exhortation to the listener.  Thus, in the final words of the final poem, "The Judgment Day":"Sinner, oh sinner,Where will you stand,In that great day when God's a-going to rain down fire?"These poems are short and the book can be read quickly.  But they will have a long-lived impact on the reader.  This book would make an excellent introduction to poetry for young people.  And Johnson has given a lasting and eloquent treatment to the art and spirit of the African-American preacher.
At the time of writing this review, it looks like reviewer Techie Evan has the most accurate description of the book. I want to reiterate a few things he/she has written, as well as add a couple other points.The authors of the book, for the most part, really do seem to have a handle on what is going through the minds of job seekers. They spell out exactly what you're thinking and demonstrate that they get it before they provide their approach in each chapter. They're good at anticipating a lot of questions you have, especially when they bring up an issue or approach that you don't know how to handle. The best thing about this book probably is how they describe the way people react to networking--I really thought I was the only one who reacted the way they describe, i.e. being too scared to even pick up the phone and call people for informational meetings, not just the typical "I hate networking" attitude. The fact that they describe these thoughts and reactions so well, and really seem to validate those thoughts/reactions, tears down any walls of resistance you build up to their advice/approach...because, trust me, you probably will build up walls of resistance while reading this book. If it weren't for their show of understanding, I would still be trying to tell myself they don't know what they're talking about/their approaches won't work.The truth of the matter is a lot of what they've written is stuff you already know and/or things you just are not going to want to do, assuming you are someone who doesn't have a job...and that's a big reason why I wanted to dismiss this book. But if you were comfortable doing some of these things they suggest, then you probably WOULD have a job. I really have to admit that, though not necessarily statistically proven to be effective as Techie Evan points out, their ideas really do seem like good things to try. To me, their book is predominantly centered around networking. But the strategies for it that they offer are not just the standard, everyday strategies you read or hear about elsewhere. And even some of their "unorthodox" ideas are brilliant, such as not handing out your resume/submitting resumes through job boards or career fairs or networking events/forwarding your resume to people who claim they will pass it on for you--they are absolutely right with everything they say about what that does for you (i.e. nothing).Another thing you're not going to like about this book is just how time-consuming their approaches are. Networking and meeting up with people for informational interviews takes so much time and energy when, really, you just want a job and you want it now. Making lists about your abilities and desires, and making charts of contact information and such...that's time-consuming. In short, there are no quick answers here. They want you to take your time, think up people to reach out to and meet face-to-face with these people (and this involves uncomfortable things such as cold-calling managers to ask for informational meetings and/or getting recommendations from friends of friends of friends on who would be good for you to contact...and getting rejected numerous times for these meetings or playing phone tag, etc), research the industry or industries you're interested in so that you can better understand its needs/how hiring managers think, think up and make a list places of employment for you to target, make more lists and really soul-search regarding your skills and what you want to do, etc. This book is designed for you to spend months looking for a job, not for you to get a job right now. Honestly? As unappealing as this comes off, it's probably way more effective than what the average job seeker does, and it probably will result in less time wasted unemployed in the long run. It just does not at all seem that way, so it doesn't make you happy to read these things in the book.Even after admitting all this, three things I'm still skeptical about:-They suggest coming up with a list of 200 target employers. This seems impossible, especially considering where you live or your geographical areas of preference to work in or the fields you're interested in.-I think they miss the boat in the one chapter where they explain why it's better to be unemployed when looking for a job. They focus on having the time to conduct a job search properly, i.e. using their approaches. This is true. But they don't consider how gaps in employment look to employers and everyone else, and I think they give people a little too much credit as far as being sensitive and understanding to the fact that people get laid off or are otherwise unemployed. People seriously take unemployment to say something negative about who you are as a person and/or an employee. I see this on a regular basis, and I even see some job ads in which the employer flat-out states they do not want to receive resumes from people who do not have stable work histories or who have gaps in employment for more than a few months. If your only approach to job-hunting is going to be their suggestion of getting jobs through what is essentially networking, then maybe you can get away with employment gaps a lot easier. Still, I think, no matter the explanation, an employment gap creates a stigma that can be hard to shake.-One of these reviews refers to how this book would work for different fields. I do get the impression that this book is focused more on getting "elite" jobs or maybe won't be as helpful to, say, a recent graduate with little-to-no work experience as people who have had jobs/careers but are now out of work. Pretty much all the examples in the book of how the strategies have been applied and worked are for positions like manager, director, CEO and other more corporate/professional positions.--In short, I think their approaches are solid and they seem to understand almost everything you're thinking/worried about. But their approach seems to be centered primarily around networking, informational meetings and other time-consuming strategies that would be very unappealing to the average job seeker who wants/needs a job right this instant. This is not a "get hired quick" book at all, so beware of that beforehand.
I love Laura Ingalls Wilder's "Little House" series. I didn't read them until I was 16 years old, but I love them as much as if I'd grown up with them.I was a bit leary to try anything about Laura's family that wasn't written by her. But when I saw that "A Little House of Their Own" was about Ma and Pa courting, I knew I had to try it. I did, and I loved it!It stayed true to Ma's character (as Laura portrayed her) and gave a picture of growing up, teaching school, and first love. Now that I know what to expect, I plan to go back and read the other Caroline stories.
This is a brilliant analysis of what is wrong with journalism primarily in Britain and the U.S. His revelations about the squalid and criminal behaviour of Fleet St rags in pursuit of gossip was stunning in its pinpointing of the everyday moral paucity the police and upper management. Now Rupert is acting shocked that some unsavoury things were done on one of his papers but only a child would swallow his guff. This kind of thing is endemic and its ultimate result is a terrible wasting away of the ability of a democracy to function while we are all staring into the gutter or at gawping at the circuses and scandals strewn across our breakfast tables. His arguments are well researched and seemingly irrefutable in the light of recent events in case anyone remained unconvinced. Do yourself a favour and read this book. The TV news and our front pages suddenly make perfect sense in light of his characterisation.
Most jobs require some type of selling technique.  If you have problems with selling a product/service or just need pointers on how to become a better public speaker, then get this book.  It will only help you become a better marketer.
Ian McEwan's new novel, "Atonement," starts out quietly.  The time is the summer of 1935, and we meet the Tallis clan, a wealthy British family living in the countryside.  McEwan skillfully describes how certain key members of the household think and feel about their lives.  Thirteen-year-old Briony is lively, imaginative and spoiled.  She is desperate to be the center of attention.  Her older sister, Cecilia, a recent Cambridge graduate, is undecided about her future.  Their mother, Emily, whose husband neglects her, is often bedridden with severe migraines.Robbie Turner, the son of a servant, has graduated from Cambridge.  Robbie and Cecilia have always been friends, but their relationship is about to move to another level.  Subsequently, a series of unfortunate events occur that culminate in a thoughtless act that has devastating consequences.McEwan captures small moments that speak volumes about the characters.  For example, there is an angry scene between the cook and Emily, in which Emily orders the cook to change a menu that she had slaved over on a wretchedly hot day.  The anger and intensity that is generated in this scene says a great deal about the way some members of the British upper classes viewed their servants in 1935.  In another scene, Cecilia changes outfits again and again before an evening party, convinced that what she wears will fundamentally change her in some way.  McEwan is subtly showing us that the Tallis clan, in spite of their wealth and privilege, are fundamentally insecure and uncomfortable in their own skins.  They know on some level that their lives are shallow and meaningless, but they are powerless to change.The book moves forward through time, following the Tallises through World War II.  The scenes of battle are  bloody and graphic, unlike the first part of the novel, which was quiet and understated.  The author skillfully demonstrates how the upheaval of Second World War brought about an irrevocable transformation in both individuals and society.  Nothing could possibly remain the same after this monumental conflict.However, McEwan points out, certain realities remain immutable.  People cannot always gain atonement for the sins that they commit.  Individuals may make up excuses for their misdeeds, but they cannot undo the past.  "Atonement" is a novel of astonishing virtuosity, strong descriptive writing, and an ending that will shock you.  Read "Atonement" and prepare for a journey that will leave you breathless.
This has improved our pre schoolers jokes. I would suggest it of any pre schooler. I wish I could have found the other joke books in the i can read books.
The book arrived in sterling shape with dust jacket attached and in excellent shape. the purveyor was prompt and the item arrived in good time. The content of the book is one of Steinbecks best late works in trying to recapture the flavor of the various sections of the United States during the 60,s. I was in my prime during the 60,s and can truly relate to the various characterizations of the sections of the country at that time.excellent read and the usage of his standard poodle as traveling companion was very amusing.a great book i reccommend to all animal lovers.
Wow!  I've never read a book where, after I finished, I was so conscious of how the book's structure was absolutely perfect, so good, so important to the effect, in fact, that the structure is what makes the book stand out.  It makes you think so much after you've finished, makes you wonder about a thousand things, about life, about the consequences of our actions, about the inspiration for art, about perception, comprehension, integrity, and of course, about redemption and the difficulty we have in achieving absolution, and even how its pursuit might be considered selfish.I read McEwan's "Amsterdam," which won the Booker prize a few years ago, and I was underwhelmed to say the least.  But after reading glowing reviews about "Atonement" in Time magazine and in a couple of other publications, I decided to give McEwan a second chance.  I'm so glad I did.  For me "Atonement" is one of the great works of fiction from this brand new century.
I really enjoyed The Talented mr. RIPLEY .  The book was even better than the movie, and I enjoyed readingAbout so many different places in Italy and others.
I am going to have to disagree with the majority of the reviewers and rate this book 5 stars. I loved it! I have enjoyed most of Crichton's novels and they are all similar in some way. I love his writing style and this book is a great example of when Crichton writes well. I am kind of a geek and I liked all the quantum foam, time machine jargon. Read it and enjoy it because it your classic time machine story with a new twist.
I can't say that every page was equally enticing, but President Clinton's memoirs were well worth the effort.  I found most compelling his sections on his family life.  Only the most cold-hearted, and there are many out there judging from some of the reviews, would not feel drawn to the young Bill Clinton.  And only the most envious could deny Mr. Clinton's superior intelligence.What I would have preferred is a deeper understanding of his presidential policies in the context of his personal philosophies.  I may have read too quickly, but I didn't get a good sense of his life philosophy other than to do good for others.  That itself is not a bad starting point, but I had hoped for greater self-reflection.  I also would have preferred more about his early life, and for him to have reflected on others impressions of him as have been written by so many of his friends, and former associates.I find some of the criticisms of the book to be particularly spurious.  Several professional reviewers charge that this book is far from the quality of U.S. Grant.  Well Pres. Grant had the benefit of the Civil War to enrich the highlights of his life.  How often is Grant's memoirs cited for what he wrote of his presidency as opposed to his war career?  Did Grant fill his memoirs with mea culpas for the alleged scandals of his administration?  The comparisons are unfair and only show the extent that some will go to try and deflate the book's popularity.  I am only grateful that I haven't seen anyone try to compare this book with the St. Augustine's autobiography.This book will not be the definitive statement on his life and presidency and no autobiography can serve that purpose.  It is an important contribution.  There is a genuine world wide interest in the man and his book nourishes that appetite.The public reaction to the book, pro and con, reflects American's love-hate relationship with the truly self made man.  We claim that it is our history to admire a person who comes from the most humblest of beginnings, yet such a person seems to arouse suspicion, envy and distrust.  That was true too for Ronald Reagan except his rise was less dramatic given that he changed his aspirations to politics in later life.Bill Clinton wanted to be president as a child, as is true for many children.  Unlike the rest of us, he found a way to accomplish his dream that did not involve stuffing ballot boxes (like Lyndon Johnson in early career elections), smearing opponents (like Nixon in every campaign) or by calling his daddy and rich family friends (like, well you should know who by now).  In sum, the book was like his presidency, it was not always pretty, but it was better than having not had him with us at all.
This book is a mature book on Enterprise Information Architecture. By mature I mean thorough and packed with wisdom gained through experience. I am a member of the Microsoft camp. I have been for a long time now, and I have no intention of switching to IBM, but I wish Microsoft would be producing books like this that included their technology. Microsoft may able to in a few years, but they are no where close to being this mature with their Enterprise Architecture tools now. The Microsoft MDM tools are showing signs of improvement with Denali, but they still have a way to go before the product is a competitor to the IBM MDM stack.This is one of the best real world Enterprise Information Architecture books I have read. It starts off with a few chapters that go into great detail introducing and defining Enterprise Information Architecture. It then has individual chapters that detail the individual topics. They include A Conceptual and Logical View, Component Model, Operational Model, New Delivery Models: Cloud Computing, Enterprise Information Integration, Intelligent Utility Networks, Enterprise Metadata Management , Master Data Management , Web 2.0 World, Dynamic Warehousing, and New Trends in Business Analytics and Optimization.This book does an excellent job of making the case for architecture in the enterprise. The concept of architecture is hard enough to sell on individual software development projects, but on an enterprise level it is usually treated as a four letter word and the word is not "good". So many places today have what they call an Enterprise Architecture group, but rarely do they do anything that has to do with Enterprise Architecture. If you curious as to what they should be doing, read this book.The book references maturity models frequently. They are great for gauging where your company is on the maturity level.The book also does a great job of introducing the different data domains found in a decent size enterprise. They include Metadata, Master Data, Operational Data, Unstructured Data, and Analytical data. Having these defined by context and role allows you to implement an IT Governance framework to manage them.The book is written in an easy to read format and is broken down in a very logic way making it also easy to target specific topics.No matter what your technology stack is this book can help you implement an Enterprise Information Architecture or at least it will help you improve the one you have in place now.
I am so impressed by this book and the journey it takes you on, the twist and turns. The writing is top knotch. Just can't say enough about how much I loved reading this book.
Loved the way the author built the story around her characters.  This story reminded me of Water forelephants.  Which was also very good.
This book was in great condition when I received, and I received it promptly.  I'm not a fan of ALL of Katherine Paterson's children's books, but The Great Gilly Hopkins is certainly on of my favorites.  It is the kind of literature children SHOULD read (rather than Captain Underpants, or Barbie books--please parents, teachers, please!!), though it should be given to children with some discretion, since it has some painful themes.
This book can be a little long-winded at times, but the most important thing that I took away from this book was the behind the scenes look at how much work it really takes to be an elite trader. The concept of documenting a few best setups of the day for later review, was the real value of the book.  I have started doing something similar in Evernote. I also enjoyed reading about their setups because it gave me ideas for what to look for when I am trading. Highly recommended, no matter what market you trade.
The Secret Garden was very enjoyable for many reasons. It is a great moral tale re acceptance of humans and of nature and the therapy gained from it.
Usually, I don't like books I have to read for school, and usually I don't even read them.  When I had to read this book, I couldn't put it down.I have always been somewhat curious about Vietnam, and when I read this book everything seemed to hit home.  O'Brien creates characters (you have to ask yourself if they are created or if they were real people he knew) and you can see the effect the war has on them in a series of interrelated stories.  There are stories of horror, such as "The Sweetheart of the Song Trabong" and stories of inner courage such as "On the Rainy River."The book displays such sadness.  It is really a sad book.  O'Brien is a madter storyteller.  It's a fascinating book becuase it repeats itself in several of the stories, showing that the narrator has spent a lot of time thinking over what he did during the war.It is a great book.  It makes you think about a lot of things and I would reccomend it to anyone.  It isn't a war story, it is a story about humanity and how it functions in the most dire of circumstances.  You shouldn't miss this read.
Robinson carries us through Chaplin's entire life with emphasis on his various relationships, his loves, and abundant, specific information on each of his movies.  The book's well written, very thorough, and best read  with Chaplin videotapes alongside, for a real understanding of the history  of the early years of &quot;show-biz.&quot;
This was my second experience with Greene, but I read The Human Factor so long ago, I hardly remember it. Greene's life fascinates me and The Quiet American presents the sort of paradoxical feelings and relationships with which I imagine Greene himself would've struggled. Here we encounter Pyle, the American willing to sacrifice Vietnamese lives for what he considers the greater good, that American ideal centered around rational self-interest, and Fowler, the purportedly wise, old world British journalist with his manipulative, self-serving ways, his typical contempt for the American Pyle, and his own eventual willingness to allow an end to justify underhanded means of his own.Two bits of narration from Fowler that struck me were:"I cannot be at ease (and to be at ease is my chief wish) if someone else is in pain, visibly or audibly or tactually. Sometimes this is mistaken by the innocent for unselfishness, when all I am doing is sacrificing a small good - in this case postponement in attending to my hurt - for the sake of a far greater good, a peace of mind when I need think only of myself." (105)"Suffering is not increased by numbers: one body can contain all the suffering the world can feel." (175)In consideration of the above quotes, it follows that Fowler's comfort derives at least partially from that of his friends, and that the plight of one person could equal, in his estimation, the plight of many. And yet Fowler eventually compromises his ideals, conflicted as he is over the decision, and the personal benefit he derives from his own deceitful, hurtful action, along with his justification in furthering what he believes to be a greater good, leave him happy but for a slight tinge of regret which for Fowler, seems to me about as peaceful of a result as he could've attained.So it seems to me that whatever statement Greene attempted to make in this novel about America's global political goals, he didn't necessarily offer any alternative, in fact showing his individual British anti-hero to fall victim to the same sort of logic behind all that he seems to despise about his nemesis.Greene's smooth prose, which I thoroughly enjoyed on every page, may have put me over the edge to give this book five stars, but I think he could've dug deeper in developing Pyle and Phuong (the novel's paper thin heroine). A very enjoyable read, though.
I must admit that this book was very disappointing because I expected a masterpiece and found simply a good book. I agree with the teen reviewers (no, I'm not one) who wrote that those who extol this book seem to have forgotten what it felt like to be a teenager. Incidentally, why was the main character so angry? After all, he was a rich, spoiled brat who had led an opulent life. Because he wasn't as intelligent and talented as his siblings? Oh, come on, what a whiner.
Good golly Miss Molly, I nearly sprang my wrist when I took this book off the shelf down at the Saint Vincent de Paul thrift store here where I live. It only cost me two dollar so I figured what the hay I might as well get it seeing as I've always had an interest in reality, least ways that's what my Pa always said for me to get a grip on, which I am trying to do. Anyway, I hauled the book on up to the register there at the thrift store and said to I'm Ed (he's a new feller they got working the till there at Saint Vinny's, from California I reckon, judging by his tan), "I'll take this," and forked over the two dollar, plus some odd change I had in my pocket, since I like to do the right thing and dough nate to charity so as the losers of the world kin get some help.Anyway, when I lugged this book into my room and started reading it, I discovered that it warrant a complete guide to reality at all but was kind of complicated, even worse than those intructions I got for my bran new all-purpose utility knife I also bought off Amazon, which was wrote in some kind of chicken scratch at looked like some one went haywire with a pen that didn't know proper English.I figure, the book was only two dollar, plus I got to contribute to charity, so I decided to give it five star even though the only real use I have sins got out of it was when I used it to smash a scorpion that got into my sisters slipper by accident. Or maybe it went there on purpose. Least ways I don't reckon I know, but I do know I sure wouldn't be hiding out in my sister's slipper, bean as her feet smell like old cheese that's been left out for a weak.Thank the Good Lord for spell checkers! Who we Miss McGee!
I really loved this book.I have since read others by her and I'm very happy with them also. It is so good to find another great author to follow.
I gaurantee that you won't be able to better spend 3-4 hours than to spend it reading this short novel!  In this sort-of-retelling of the Robinson Crusoe story in the 'bigger picture', 'as it really happened', Coetzee asks  us to think about what storytelling really is--  What liberties can authors  take?  Who's story can we really trust?  Further, who is the real author of  any narrative?  But his cleverness and insights into his craft should not  be the focus of a discussion about this book.. unless you're trying to  figure out the mystical ending..
This opus by Veblen exposes the real meaning of the pecuniary advancement of the working and merchant classes, and the formation of elites based mostly upon money and asset valuation. The transfiguration of the traditional social and individual ethical values that this phenomenon produced, is portraited with clarity and sarcastic intelligence by the author in the book, first published in 1899.Now a classic of economic theory, as well as a text book of social science, it describes the tendencies of consumerism, leisure and the &quot;materialization&quot; of the ideals of the aspiring new princes (or noveau rich) of society. Veblen's vibrant satire  of the tendency of the modern individual to believe that real accomplishment is all about aquiring a condition of ostentatious wealth and status, and  his analisis of the inception of modern class structure in America, still stand, a century after, as recommended reading for historians and economists.If you are a fervent follower of advertisement, fashion, &quot;glamour&quot; and other modern  expressions of consumerism , then you will find a surprisingly fresh portrait of yourself in this book. It worries me that the leisure class and its shallow views and values as described by Veblen, may still today represent elites in America and their religion, as analyzed by professor Lash in his last book &quot;The Revolt of the Elites&quot;. I highly recommend Veblen's best book, to scholars and sociologists at large.
I enjoyed The amityville horror very much. It's really interesting to see how the family dealt with the phenomenon. Although to those who haven't research this case at all, you should know that despite the fact that it says &#34;a true story&#34; on the front, there is A LOT in this book that isn't accurate. Jay Anson took a lot of liberties in the story. Regardless it's still very interesting.
I usually don't care for these bleak, dystopian, post-apocalyptic novels because they just depress the hell out of me, but this book was outstanding.  Although nothing much really happens in the first few chapters, the tension is palpable and conflict builds on every page, and there are smart little touches to Atwood's world that just add to the verisimilitude.  I don't know if it's because I read Girl With a Pearl Earring first, but I was constantly reminded of that book because of the relationships between both girls, the respective masters of their houses, and the jealous and thwarted wives.  This book is far superior however, and I understand how such a novel either made or cemented Atwood's reputation.  On a side note, this book was banned in high schools in my area (I live in San Antonio) and students protested to have the book reinserted into the curriculum.  I think this novel is far more valid as a cautionary tale these days than is 1984 or Brave New World, simply because of the religious fanaticism behind the new state, but it is sexually frank in a way that would make me a little uncomfortable with it being required as part of a reading list.  Perhaps I am underestimating the maturity of high school students, however.
The blurb on the front cover of this book is "For the reader who seeks to understand happiness, my advice is: begin with Haidt." I believe this assertion is exactly right. I have never read a single volume that summarized and wove into a coherent whole the variety of insights concerning human happiness that have been discovered by philosophers and religious gurus of the past and modern social psychologists. Moreover, this book is beautifully written, the exposition of various theories always taking a fresh viewpoint, however venerable the source. Finally, I think this book is a vigorous endorsement of modern social psychology, which beautifully complements and supplements the insights of the grand masters. I am generally critical of social psychology because it does not use the rational actor model and hence consists of a grab-bag of nano-insights with no structural core. But, this body of empirical findings contributes richly to our understanding of human happiness (the reference section of this book is truly a masterpiece, by the way).Haidt claims there are ten great principles for understanding happiness, and he devotes a chapter to each. The first is the "divided self," we may be summarized as "Our minds are loose confederations of parts, but we identify with and pay too much attention to one part: conscious verbal thinking." (p. 22) Haidt analogizes our mind as a conscious rider on an unconscious elephant. The elephant mostly goes where it wants to go, although our conscious mind never gives up the illusion that it should not only be in the driver's seat, but have a powerful steering wheel. The references here are many, but typical are Freud's Ego vs. Superego/Id, emotional brain vs. rational brain, left vs. right brain and split-brain studies, and the like. This fact about mind is key to understanding happiness because an excessive preoccupation with conscious, volitional action tends to lead people to slight the actions they can take that have little immediate effect, but in the long run lead the elephant to move in ways more conducive to our emotional well-being. The rest of the book explains how this might be done.Like many chapters of this book, Chapter 2, "Changing your Mind," is deeply paradoxical, or perhaps dialectical. The basic message is well stated in the quotes at the head of the chapter: "life itself is but what you deem it," (Marcus Aurelius) and "our life is the creation of our mind." (Buddha). Whereas it is very natural to think of our perceptions of our lives as real and external as the coffee cup on my table, in fact our perception and interpretation of our personal psychic and interpersonal lives is, in a deep way, personally constructed by our minds. This fact implies that different minds might very well perceive the same situation in very different ways, and this disjunction in perceptions can lead to conflicts that reduce the happiness of all parties and defy resolution because of the disputing parties' lack of insight into the subjective nature of their perceptions.The dialectical nature of the principle of the "personal construction of reality" is that this construction is normally not conscious, but rather a deep mechanism controlled by the "elephant" over which the rider has virtually no control. It a deeply unsatisfying fact that we are basically incapable of seeing the world in any way other than the way we do, although we may achieve some liberation by recognizing this fact, and "going with the flow" (e.g., by accepting that family members and friends do not see the world as you do, they are not guilty of misperception, and you will not get them to perceive otherwise with sufficient effort on your part).Haidt brings in a major finding from social psychology here: "happiness is one of the most highly heritable aspects of personality." (p. 33)  This does not mean that our happiness cannot be affected by our actions, but the battle to do so is extremely difficult and likely to be only partially successful. This is perhaps why the book is about understanding happiness, not achieving happiness. Nowhere in the book does Haidt claim to offer you the key that will unlock the door to happiness. Rather, Haidt suggests three methods of actually improving our happiness: meditation, cognitive therapy, and Prozac. "All three are effective," he claims "because they work on the elephant." I concur with Haidt in this regard, and especially recommend psychopharmacology for those who remain unhappy after all the objective reasons for being unhappy have been addressed (e.g., a bad marriage, commuting two hour to work in traffic, or having your hand caught in a car door), as long as the side effects are not themselves debilitating.Haidt's third principle is reciprocity, which he interprets as acting according to Kant's categorical imperative. He takes issue here mainly with those who believe that human intelligence developed in a Machiavellian manner to give big-brained individuals a personal advantage over others. Rather, he suggests, humans evolved to be predisposed to reciprocal behavior, both rewarding those who are nice and being vengeful towards those who are nasty. I am totally in agreement with Haidt that this is among the top insights needed to understand not just happiness, but human behavior in general.Many thinkers trained in biology and economics believe that we are reciprocal not by nature, but from fear of retaliation for letting others down. Indeed, Haidt appears to believe that people will renege on their obligations unless social pressure can be brought against them, in the form of gossip (p. 55). "Gossip paired with reciprocity," he states, "allow karma to work here on earth."Haidt's position here is a deep and unfortunate error. Gossip cannot explain reciprocity because unless gossipers have a moral preference for truth-telling, there is no reason for gossip to be accurate. Gossip is important because humans have a predisposition to reciprocal behavior, but does not explain reciprocal behavior. Strangely, for a book published in 2006, Haidt makes no reference to the results in behavioral game theory exhibiting altruistic cooperation and punishment even when there is no chance for being repaid in the future (I have called this "strong reciprocity," a phenomenon exhibited in the experiments of Ernst Fehr, Simon Gaechter, and others). Moreover, Haidt's treatment here is in contradiction to the main insight of Chapter 8, The Felicity of Virtue, which I discuss below.The fourth principle is that we are more likely to see fault in others than in ourselves. This is of course a corollary to the principle that we construct our own reality, adding merely that we tend to do so in a way favorable to ourselves. This tendency terribly destructive of personal relations because it councils against compromising and lead to excessive levels of conflict and disputation, in which the other side is the personification of Evil, with which compromise is morally prohibited.The fifth principle is that happiness does not lie in achieving outward goals, but rather inner psychic peace. According to Haidt's "progress principle," we only get pleasure by moving towards our external goals through having a succession of little successes, but attaining the goal is not a source of pleasure, as we quickly become used to our new state and bored with it. Haidt provides some excellent evidence for this principle, including the fact that lottery winners seem not to become happy with their new-found wealth, but rather within a short time revert to their pre-winning level of happiness. In addition, the average level of happiness in a country tends to stay the same even when the average income in the country triples over a period of time.I have read all this evidence and plenty more, but I am not convinced. I know from personal experience that I never cease to get pleasure from attainments that I achieved long in the past, such as the ability to read a foreign language, the appreciation for the house that my wife and I built ourselves and live in every day, the level of skill I have achieved in various sports (all quite moderate, but plenty good enough for me), and so on. Moreover, I perceive that most of my friends and neighbors are the same. There is a sense of well-being of having attained a position that need never go away, and indeed, can become heighted continually over time.I think Haidt here has relied too much on the social psychologists, when the truth was long ago asserted by the young Karl Marx, according to which humans have "slumbering capacities" (Gattungswesen), including physical, psychomotor, cognitive, affective, aesthetic, and spiritual power. Flourishing as a human being consists in developing these slumbering powers. The enemy here is material goods, which seem like the source of happiness, but are merely instruments we use in exercising our slumbering powers. This was the theme of my Ph.D. dissertation many years ago. Indeed, one of my head quotes was from the jazz musician Mose Allison, who said "Things are getting better and better; it's people I'm worried about."This is a very dissatisfying chapter, to my mind, and completely wrong-headed. It should say that gratifications follow from the capacities we have developed to act in the world, and that material goods are valuable almost exclusively when they contribute to our exercise of personal powers. The lottery winner does not become happy because he has not developed any new personal capacities to which his new-found wealth might contribute. People who have developed their capacities do not "get used to" and hence devalue their material possessions.The sixth chapter is an absolutely brilliant interweaving of ancient philosophy and modern social psychology on the importance of love in our lives. The seventh is a sensitive but rather inconclusive chapter arguing that we should see adversity as a challenge rather than an unmitigated evil. I am not convinced. The major adversities in my life have been unmitigated evils from which I gained nothing but grief. I suspect I am not alone.The eighth chapter (and eighth principle), the Felicity of Virtue, is very important and well done. I would have placed it before the actual Chapter 4 because of its importance. Social scientists tend to think of sacrificing on behalf of others and on behalf of society as a personal cost that people undertake either because they are irrational or because they have moral values that lead them to devalue their own happiness in favor of other-regarding goals. By contrast, the ancient philosophers and theologians have generally taken it for granted that "virtue is its own reward;" that is, altruistic acts and virtuous behavior in general benefit not only those helped thereby, but the virtuous subject himself. According to this view, it is difficult to be virtuous because we are tempted by all sorts of short-term pleasures to forego such natural virtues as loyalty, honesty, courage, humility, and considerateness.The felicity of virtue is particularly important because it gives us a much deeper understanding of the basic prosociality of human nature than the standard theories of philosophical ethics---the "duty" theories such as Kant's and the "utilitarian" theories such as Bentham's and Mill's. These theories try to determine what sorts of actions are ethically desirable, but give no reason why individuals should be moral at all. Virtue theories, by contrast, tend to argue that we know in hearts what is right and what is wrong, and we are happiest when we are capable of having our "elephant" carry out the right and the good as opposed to the wrong and the evil.The ninth chapter (and principle) is a very nice exposition of the idea that we do not need to be believers in God to lead a meaningful and ethically fulfilled life. This seems more obvious to me than many other points in the book, but it may be useful for young non-believers who worry if the loss of belief implies the loss of meaning. The final chapter is a synthesis of the preceding that Haidt feels has been most useful in guiding his personal life.The existential philosophy of life was once well expressed by Andre Gide: "Jette mon livre; dis-toi bien que ce n'est l&agrave; qu'une des mille postures possibles en face de la vie. Cherche la tienne. Ce qu'un autre aurait aussi bien fait que toi, ne le fais pas. Ce qu'un autre aurait aussi bien dit que toi, ne le dis pas, -- aussi bien &eacute;crit que toi, ne l'&eacute;cris pas. Ne t'attache en toi qu'&agrave; ce que tu sens qui n'est nulle part ailleurs qu'en toi-mme, et cr&eacute;e de toi, impatiemment ou patiemment, ah! le plus irremplaable des tres." Thank God we have moved from the existential nonsense of my youth to the heartening wisdom displayed in this book. (The French means "Throw away my book. Understand that it is only one of a thousand ways to deal with life. Find your own. Whatever another could do as well as you, do not do. Whatever another could have said as well as you, do not say--have written as well as you, do not write. Only care about that within you that is nowhere other than within you, and create in you, patiently or impatiently, ah! the most irreplaceable of beings.")
The first sentence says it all - 'You'd be brain-dead not to start a home-based business'. If you don't act immediately on that, you don't need this book.  If you do act - you do!  A really useful book. Take action.
An excellent book. I was testing and developing my own mechanical trading system when I came across this book. On my third read now and can honestly say I am a better trader because of it.Teaches many lessons about system development, expectancy, position sizing, and risk management.If the only thing your learn from this book is proper position sizing, you will be a much better trader.Highly recommended for serious traders.
I completely loved this book.  The couple really does give up their fast paced L.A. life for a new simple life in an apple orchard.They go into detail about how they adjusted and the steps they took.  From recycling to getting the orchard out of a $100k+ debt.I found it completely inspiring and a book that just about anyone could learn something from.Obviously we aren't all going to more to an orchard and grow fruit, but we can be mindful of recycling and bringing reusable cups with us instead of using styrofoam or plastic throw away cups.Bottom line there is a take away for everyone.
Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee is one of those books whose importance is beyond the writing, it is a force in history itself.  It changed American opinion regarding the Native American population, humanizing them in the face of extreme predjudice at the time of publication.  This is one of the books everyone should read-and pass along.
I do not usually like long books, or books that include insanely long descriptions of settings, towns, and people.  However, this book was different.  It is so long for a reason.  You get to know GENERATIONS of a family.  You meet the parents when they're young and their children when born.  You leave the book feeling like you know the history of this family... like you KNOW them... not just know how they acted in one or 2 different situations.  Like you know them inside and out.  I loved this book and put it right up there with The Catcher in the Rye as books that have made a difference in how I live & view my life.
All of the short stories are unforgettable. My favorite is Johnny Bear, which is almost Hitchcock in its eerieness and structure. Get this in hardback. Definitely a keeper for one's library.
Too many database books are written by developers whose expertise is OOP and not SQL.  While I don't agree with Mr. Celko on every point, keep in mind that he was on the SQL Standards Committee for 10 years.  Even if you don't agree with him on every point, his level of expertise is undeniable - unless, perhaps, the questioner can provide evidence of greater knowledge and expertise.This book is to SQL grammar and style as "The Elements of Style" by Strunk and White are to English grammar and style.  Mr. Celko explains, in terms that should be easily understood, why SQL should be written in standard SQL while still allowing that there can be exceptions just as verbal communications, in any language, should follow the standard grammar of the language unless there is good reason to slip into a localized dialect.Where one reviewer rated the book with 1 star because that reviewer disagrees with Mr. Celko on a single point of database design, his antagonistic remarks have nothing to do with the point or the value of this book.As the editorial review states, this book is not for beginners.  If you have been programming SQL for a year or more and you want to fine tune the quality of your work, this work is something you should surely read.
This book was very entertaining and had stories that would easily come from the time they are told. It set a good example of how to keep the family occupied during a very scary time, so fears are somewhat calmed. This is the way we did things in the old days, before cell phones and video games. The pictures were wonderful, too. Awesome book! Grandchildren and grandparents enjoyed it!
This book describes how to set up your portfolio and how to diversify it.  I also gives you specific suggestions of ETFs and how to pick the best ones.  It also tells you how to rate them every 3 months and move into the better ones.  The last section in chapter 9 gives you specific suggestions.
One of Boyle's most accessible novels, this one sort of took me by surprise.  Though much of the narrative is focused on creating a detailed (and probably quite accurate) parody of life at a literary retreat, the underlying story of a man stranded far from home grows increasingly poignant.  Boyle manages to articulate a range of emotions all the way to the genuinely moving climax.  Not as powerful or cohesive as some other Boyle novels like Drop City, but well worth a read.
Based on the experiences of managers, the book focuses on the knowledge, skills and capabilities managers need to execute strategy. It presents an integrated approach, presenting and detailing key execution decisions, incorporating central change-management issues. The final chapter shows how to apply the logic, insights, and guidance presented in this work. Of special note is that one chapter is devoted to motivation, incentives, and the control process encompassing accountability, responsibility and leadership. If you want a book to help guide turning your strategic plan into performance and profits, this book is right on target. Highly recommended.
This book is a managerial manual of sorts, a conversational account of a framework to promote change in your environment.  The basic principles are illustrated in story mode, rather than presenting a dry, abstract system.  I found it more enjoyable to read (and a lot less dogmatic) that I thought it would be. The ideas are not groundbreaking, but the stories that revolve around the application of the ideas really allow the reader dream up their own scenarios and how the concepts would apply in their own situations while they are reading.  Some may not enjoy it, but this book is meant to be read as an account, and to let the ideas sink into long term memory over time, very much as the work suggests the same method in influencing behavior.Breaking down the vital behaviors that need to be changed, and reinforcing them are presenting in various contexts.
Welcome to Prufrock Prep School!!Our course aims include:Boring you to death with 6 hour violin solo perfomences in which our Vice Principal shall play every music piece off key.Your complete attention is mandatory!We have the most sophisticated equipment on campus to protect our students from vile evil-doers such as Count Omar as the newspapers claim he is at large.  (Note: We have received word from our most notorious alumni that his name is supposedly Count Olaf... but who listens to children.....)Student accomodations are luxurious!  Vast dorms with large bedrooms and a lending library.  However, students without live parents shall reside in the Orphans Shack, a tin house decorated in drippy fungus and in-house pet crabs...watch out...they pinch!Our most illustrious student is Carmelita Spats.  A bright and vivid mind and a pretty talented girl.  Her greeting to this year's students: "Stay outta my way you cakesniffers!!!"  Isn't she darling!??Other items of interest that plague....I mean contribute to our school include:  an inventer(Violet), a scholor(Klaus), and a biter (Sunny), new friends who find themselves in a quagmire, dim witted adults..., meals without forks, homemade staples, yawn inducing math lessons about the metric system, bananas, an evil arsonist bent on greed, midnight runs, and flour.Despite letters from a Mr. Snicket who claims the Baudelairs had a bad time of it here at Prufrock Prep School, we insist that he is wrong, dead wrong.  It is the staff here who were dismayed at their conduct and constant complaining!  And as for Mr. Snicket we ask him to recall our school motto for future reference::"Remember, you must die!"
I've read this book a hundred times over the years, and each time I enjoy it a little more. It is a true classic and should be read by children of all agres.  The author paints a timeless portrait of the difficult life in a harsh climate.  The characters are also well developed and very sympathetic.  I love this book.
I am re-reading it for a book club, so moving through it at a fairly fast pace.  I wish I had the chance to slow down, because Steinbeck is an amazing writer.  He offers a lot, even outside of the plot line.
This book has been very interesting and gives a lot of information about the Crash of '29 and some of the major players. Would highly recommend.
Good, concise book of concrete, testable concepts (ie diagnostic criterias, drug sfx). Good contrast to the complexities of the actual rotation and therefore helpful for shelf exam.
First things first, let me explain where I'm coming from: I'm a writer who is paid to blog for others as well as consult and advise professionals on their social media endeavors.  I bought this book - along with several others - in hopes that I could find several reference works for my clients to use. Fine - and me, too.  I'm busy, and social media is such a time eater that I'm not nearly as involved as I used to be.  Maybe one of these books could help me (along with my clients) maximize social media efforts in a minimum time frame.True to its promise, 30-Minute Social Media Marketing really does provide the reader with several excellent examples of implementing a social media strategy on a daily basis in a relatively short time commitment.  Read the book, and you've got the ground rules - along with lots of links to check out, tips to try, and tricks to streamline things.The 80/20 Rule is great. The Quick Tips throughout the text are good.This is a good book for those willing to invest long-term in a social media marketing plan, and I've recommended it to others who are just getting their feet wet at Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn.  Particularly at its Kindle price, it's worth your purchase.However, IMHO, there are limitations here. These keep me at the 4 star rating instead of the 5 star that I would like to give.First of all, times are changing so fast that some of the information is already dated.  Of course, this isn't the writer's fault, but it does limit the usefulness of the book.Second, I question some of the times within the schedules here - particularly for newbies to social media.  For example, ten minutes for a blog post doesn't allow for much of a post - and that's just considering word count, it's not even reaching the issue of SEO (search engine optimization).For beginners, the 30 minute schedules seem, well, optimistic.  (For instance, see Chapter 22's sample 30 Minute Marketing Plans where, for example, in one plan a mere 5 minutes is allotted to write a post which includes an image.) Five minutes to tweet (start to finish) seems reasonable - write the tweet, gather your hashtags, shorten the URL, edit as needed to meet that 140 character limit - but a quality blog post? I dunno about that. Hasn't been my experience with my clientele - or with me.For these reasons, I have rated this book 4 out of 5 stars.I recommend this book.- Reba Kennedy
There's an interesting story to how I got this book, "Spring Into Technical Writing".  I subscribe to a HTML email list that I don't read that often.  However, one day, I saw a mention of "Technical Writing" in the subject line and browsed through the email.  In the email was a link to a review of "Spring Into Technical Writing".After reading the review, I was immediately hooked but did not purchase the book immediately.  This set up an interesting situation a few weeks later.I was talking to my old friend one day who works in the East Coast as a technical trainer.  I had called her rather late but fortunately she was up.  She was relaxing and mentioned she was reading a book by her old boss.  Her old boss?  Barry Rosenberg.  The book? "Spring Into Techncial Writing".In any case, after finding out the book was written by my friend's old boss, I went online and purchased it a few days later.The book is an absolute joy to read.  It's got a smooth and relaxed style and the humor is good.  As someone who has done technical writing (and other writing) for about 1 year on my job, I found a lot of what Barry Rosenberg wrote makes sense.  Whether it would be information on how to properly use Power Point slides, email or lists, there's a ton of material for new and old writers to use and reference to.For those who are considering purchasing this book (and as stated in the book itself), you should be working in some sort of writing capacity to gain the full benefits of this book.  If you are someone who wants to see if technical writing is for them, then this isn't the right book and you should consider another book.For those of us who are already in the writing business, this book has a lot to offer and worth a look.
It is not an easy book to follow.  However, if you take your time, you will find that it is helpful.  It applies to business situations but it also can apply to one's personal life.
This is the first in a trilogy called 'Water' set in a underwater Atlantis. The main character, Nia, is a member of the Bluefin clan. All her life she has dreamed of becoming an Avatar, ten of which make up the ruling body of  Atlantis. When one of the Avatars retires, Nia feels that her dream will soon come true. She knows that she has all the requirements, physical health, magical ability, thinking skills, and a desirer to serve Atlantis. So when her clan choses her cousin Garun to compete, instead her, she feels that something is vary wrong.  This feeling is heightened when she finds out that the council is helping Garun to cheat in the tests. Can Nia solve this mystery and save Atlantis?
It seems that most people read these books as a part of high school. I never read anything until a year ago when I picked up a copy of The Old Man and the Sea, which I liked. This year a friend of mine was sent ten copies of this by the publisher as a gift. Who am I to refuse?Hemingway, I think, is one of our national treasures for a number of reasons. Obviously, his sense of journalistic integrity helped him become the novelist that he is. But this book isn't just good because of the style. Hemingway also has a knack for choosing to write about things that are inherently wrenching and interesting.The story, essentially about a man castrated by the war and his doomed half-love for a slutty, spoiled ex-girlfriend, is backgrounded by a vacation in Spain, where Jake, the main character, and his friends go fishing before the fiesta of the running of the bulls. The drama behind this intimate almost-love-affair is what really puts this book over the top and where it becomes a masterpiece. The descriptions of Spain, of water, of simple pleasures, of bullfighting, of eating, of getting drunk, of fighting, of swimming, are almost grotesquely beautiful; they will turn your heart over.When it comes down to it, however, it's clear that Hemingway made an intelligent, clear stance. He's not just a writer, he's a master; and his writing style is one that he chose because he understood both that he was gifted with an incomparable grace and how to manage its effects to their most extreme. To quote him:"She saw how close Romero always worked to the bull, and I pointed out to her the tricks the other bullfighters used to make it look as theough they were working closely . . . Romero's bullfighting gave real emotion, because he kept the absolute purity of the line in his movements and always quietly and calmly let the horns pass him close each time. He did not have to emphasize their closeness . . . Romero had the old thing, the holding of his purity of line through the maximum of exposure, while he dominated the bull by making him realize he was unattainable, while he prepared him for the killing."
I've just finished Volume 1 - a mere 903 pages - and it's terrific.  The subject matter is compelling, of course, but Andy's own little humorous asides make this a very fun read!
Susan's new book, 30 Minute Social media marketing, addresses the big issue many people have with using social media: it will take too much time!Using real-time examples throughout, Susan shows how to use all manner of social media without eating major portions of your day. The dividends are real.Buy it, sit down with a high-liter and a note pad, learn and enjoy!
I'll be honest-I nearly didn't read this book.  I'd received it as a gift from a close friend who knows my reading predilections well--and also knows I've avoided Grisham for a while now as I'd come to see his novels as overly repetitive and, therefore, boring. But every time I'd see her she'd inquire about the book, so, with a sense of dread, I sat down to read it.It turns out that Grisham has finally diverged from his mass-manufactured overly frenetic pulp thriller habit and actually whiten a very different sort of story.Grumpy Luther Krank and his sweeter wife, Nora, having just shipped their daughter off to Peru and a stint in the Peace Corps, decide to skip Christmas this year to forgo the gifts, the tree, the decorations, the cards, the parties and to spend the dollars saved on a 10-day Caribbean cruise.  Luther wants a vacations from all the Christmas stress and, besides, the cruise will cost less in the long run than indulging in all the holiday hoopla common to the Krank household at that time of year.Unfortunately for Luther, his decision places him in the vortex of a social storm.  Friends, family and neighbors weigh in to communicate the lack of wisdom in such a decision-it seems that Luther's expenditures-or, more precisely, the lack of them--are an issues fort many of these folks.The book is a comedic farce-casting comical aspersions on the social conformity, holiday hoopla and overt commercialism that have come to be so much a part-if not the reson for-Christmas in the U. S.---particularly in the `burbs.A last minute development cause Luther to reevaluate this plan and provides a window for all to reevaluate the meaning of Christmas as well.This is a sweet story with cranky, quirky-yet recognizable characters.  It is told with warmth and affections, not usually traits one associates with Grisham.A lot of people criticize the book as being lightweight.  True, it's not War and Peace, but it never aspires to be.  What it is is an actual story told from the heart aimed at evoking genuine emotions with humor and affection.A lot of folks act like that's some sort of cop out by Grisham.  Those people need tog et a life.
Through NetGalley, McGraw-Hill Professional was kind enough to share a copy of this eGalley for the purposes of my reading and reviewing it. Although it was provided to me at no cost, I am under no obligation to give a positive review.While I typically review books that interest me in order to provide the publisher and author with an honest review from someone who is hopefully within their target market, I've yet to run across a review opportunity that was so perfectly timed.You see, this is a book that helps high school students write the best possible college application essays, and here I sit with my younger son a high school junior with incredible college potential (he wants to go to med school and is more than capable). So not only do I get to review the book, but I get a great opportunity to see if this is something I would like to get in print format for my son.That answer, by the way, is a resounding yes.I have always been a proponent of empowering our children, and I've been even more adamant about that following the death of my wife two years ago. Since I don't know when my time will come, my boys have to be as prepared for life as possible.One of things I really like about this book is Barash expects parents to be almost completely hands-off in the process. Encourage. Offer suggestions when asked, and only when asked. But under no circumstances fix the writing, not even a comma. Once you start doing that, it's a slippery slope toward the parent being the author instead of the child. And if our children are going to be independent in college, why not start now?The most important thing is the story must be in your child's voice. It may have flaws, it may have grammatical or spelling errors, but most of all it must be honest. Since the admission staff at colleges read hundreds if not thousands of these every year, it's easy for them to spot a stilted essay that is trying to tell them what the author thinks they want to hear.Scrap that. As a prospective college student, tell them the story you want to tell. Or better yet, the one you have to tell.The vast majority of the book consists of exercises to assist the student in writing the best possible essay. Make no mistake about it, the book is intended as a companion to the Story To College website, with which Barash is also affiliated, but it does stand on its own. While I didn't do all the exercises, as I didn't want to have any pre-conceived notions of what my son might or might not want to write, I did skim through them to see what they were trying to accomplish, and I am impressed.Bottom line is, if you have a student who has any interest in going to college, this book could be of great benefit to him or her. I will definitely be getting a print copy for my son.Rating: 5 stars (out of 5)
I think this is a really solid book for NBME shelf preparation. It is very to the point and doesn't include a bunch of useless fluff. If you are really interested in psych and want more than a basic outline of each condition, then this book is not for you. It is in no way a reference text and is really just the important stuff for the test. If, like me you just want to do well on the shelf, this book is great.
I remember reading this as a kid, thinking "wow, cool concept, but this book is totally for girls," then forgetting about it for thirty-odd years. I saw it again scouring through the kindle freebies and thought "hey, I wonder if that's worth a re-read."It definitely is; there's a *lot* here for an adult mind to think over, and it's really a very thematically complex work for a children's novel. The basic themes -- "exercise and fresh air is good for you," "don't be a spoiled brat," and "don't wallow in self-pity" are, if anything, even more worth reading today than they were a hundred years ago when this was written (at one point while reading this I speculated that if this book were written today, it wouldn't have happened; the kids would just have stayed indoors playing video games).Beyond that, though, the book touches on a lot of *extremely* complex and interesting topics, enough to give an adult plenty to think about, too. Personally, I found the first part of the book, up to the discovery of the Garden, the most interesting, with its implicit commentary on the British Raj and then on British class issues -- Mary's imperious habits; the way she's cast from India back to England, flotsam of Empire; the poverty of her British servants, those same British servant's clear moral superiority. The latter half of the book was less appealing, and I found myself skimming through a great deal of the author's multi-page paeans to the Healing Power of Nature (which I couldn't help but read in the light of the complicating fact of the author's adherence to, and the novel's lightly-veiled support of, Mary Baker Eddy's Christian Science).All in all, though, this is definitely an interesting book and worth reading, both for children and adults, and a deserved classic.
mr. Liton was my acting coach when I lived in New York.  I was studying to be a methodist actor.  That's when you become the character.  If your character doesnt' get any sleep, then you dont sleep.  It's a difficult technique to master, but it makes your acting so much better.  You should buy this if youre interested in being a better actor, or trying to become a methodist actor, which is difficult, trust me.
This book is a practical guide for implementing the principles learned in the original book about 'Spin selling', however it is not necessary to have read the other book to make good use of this one. I think the SPIN methodology is a most valuable contribution from Mr. Rackham to the field of large sales and this book gives sound help to implement it.
I really wish I had read this book earlier in my studies on trading stocks. The author does an excellent job bringing together the greatest stock traders of all time in one place. It is hard to argue with the results of these men, making millions in the markets several times over 40-50 years. Jesse Livermore made over $100 million during the crash of 1929 by being short in stocks, Nicholas Darvas made $2 million in 18 months part-time. I had already stumbled upon Jesse Livermore, Nicolas Darvas, and William O'Neal, and read each of their books. They have all taught me a great deal and their teachings have lead me to profits in the market. I love the way the author has shown the similarities in all these great traders and condensed the lessons to be learned from them in the final chapter. All these great traders bought into the strongest stocks, they did not look for bargains. They believed in buying high and selling higher. They believed in buying stocks with great fundamentals and technical strength. They looked for large price increases on strong volume, they captured there profits on the rise at the first sign of weakness. Thanks to this book I will read the books by Gerald Loeb and Bernard Baruch and continue with my growth as a trader. I will also read all the books about these great men recommended at the end of the book. This book would have helped me focus on what books to read when I began learning years ago. Who better to learn from than the best there ever was?
Some time back, someone recommended Sparkle Hayter to me as an author.  She writes in the female amateur detective genre, much like Janet Evanovich's Stephanie Plum series.  I was low on recreational reading material, so I picked up Nice Girls Finish Last.  I think I've found another favorite author...The main protagonist in this series is Robin Hudson.  She's a reporter for a large news network, and she's part of the &quot;Special Reports&quot; division.  That would be the group that does stories on alien abductions and stuff.  She's not thrilled with this assignment, but she's stuck with it.  A doctor in her work building is found murdered, and it looks like there might be an element of S&amp;M involved.  The news editor wants Hudson to package the story as an S&amp;M killing, even though she thinks it might have nothing to do with that.  She starts investigating on her own, but unfortunately all the guys in her work and personal life are also getting shot at (she was supposed to have an appointment with the doctor that got killed later that evening).  The police see her as the common thread, but she can't figure out why for the life of her.  And it might be a short life if she can't get it solved quickly...The character is single and cynical, loves the big city and her job, but hates her boss.  A real modern woman.  The dialogue and writing is sharp and witty, and I got into the story and the characters pretty easily.  The book is pretty short, so it's not much of a time investment to read.  Well worth picking up if you want to indulge your &quot;guilty pleasures&quot;...  :-)
i have read a few books related to social media and online marketing and i enjoyed this book.If you are in the business of marketing it will be a great review of the fundamentals of digital marketing.If you are new to this space this book will really help you get a good foundation regarding digital marketing.Dave Kerpen is well known and respected in his industry - worth the read.
This book could also be titled, "The Art of Gentle Persuasion", for that is generally what is being explained. The book contains a series of main statements, generally appearing on the left page, followed by a more detailed textual explanation of how to carry out the statement. Most of the statements are in the area of "the obvious that still needs to be stated." Some examples are "work hard", "work right", "give other people results" and "learn to listen properly."The textual explanations of how to tactically achieve the goals expressed in the statements are also just as unoriginal. Some of those are: don't be manipulative, don't resort to emotional blackmail, be pleasant to others, be confident and positive, make yourself likable, be honest and straightforward and don't pound a point into the ground. There was really nothing original or unique in this book, I place it in the area of advice that you cannot hear too often. Some concepts have a short life span, they need to be restated and reapplied often or they simply fade away.
I enjoyed reading this book and how the secrets came out which was surprising to me.  It made me want to keep reading to see how this young man was going to through some of his acts being very intelligent in a very special way. I would recommend this to others.  I must say the title fooled me.
I did not read the book yet, but I will give it as a present for my accountant so he will 'study' it.
Wouldn't expect anything less from her.  Can only wonder how it would end if she hadn't died before finishing it!
By late 2004 even most casual observers of the housing market were beginning to suspect that the boom was not sustainable.  But the frenzy would last another couple of years before the bottom fell out.  While we all lived through the bust and heard the news on a daily basis, I believe that few of us really understood the seriousness of and the breadth of the damage.Most of the news stories of the day centered on the number of foreclosures and the impact at the homeowner level. The devastation at the individual level was severe, but as the damage moved up the financial food chain, it became more concentrated and the potential for more widespread damage increased.Mr. Zandi, the author, does a good job of recounting the causes of the Great Recession and the immense damage which followed.  He also goes into great detail about the various efforts of the government to stave off a total collapse of the financial markets.While it is easy for various pundits to focus on one narrow recovery action and find fault with it, the major theme of this book is that no matter how distasteful some actions may have been - saving the financial institutions which were largely responsible for the Great Recession - without those actions, the consequences would have been much more expensive for everyone.  Many times throughout the book Mr. Zandi warns that the world came perilously close to total financial collapse.Mr. Zandi owned a company which was purchased by Moody's (one of the credit rating services) and therefore was very close to the action.  His company created some of the tools used to carry out stress test for financial institutions. So he writes from a very knowledgeable position.  While he certainly tries to present an unbiased, objective point of view, I am not sure that someone that close to the action can be totally objective.  I also think that perhaps we do not yet have enough historical perspective to accurately report on whether the actions of the government were the most prudent.  This book certainly gives the reader a much broader context for viewing the actions of the government than many of the sound bites which float around advocating simplistic solutions.While the final chapter tries to paint a brighter picture for the future, I did not find it totally convincing.  I think the congress is dysfunctional and the political parties seem to be growing further apart.  No one seems to truly understand the magnitude of our problems and the need to work together for the good of the country.  I wish I could be as optimistic as Mr. Zandi.Although the subject matter is very complex, Mr. Zandi has written a very easy to read book.  He as avoided talking like an economist and writes more like a seasoned reporter.  So the book is very readable.  At the end of each chapter is an extensive set of footnotes citing reference material for those wishing to do further research.I highly recommend those who have voiced strong opposition to the government's actions during and immediately after the Great Recession read this book.  It will give you a totally different perspective on why the government did the things they had to do.  While certainly far from perfect, the actions the government took allowed us to avoid another depression.
My 10 year old picked this book for a book report. It was a quick and easy read, but it didn't make her top 10 list.
The author showed thorough knowledge  of human feelings. Love, hate, jealousy, peer pressure and chalange and the whole spectrum of mixed feelings that rise in families, work place and communities. the use of common everyday languge even with cursing words was approperiate and not out of place. Human sexuality between men and women has been honestly addresed. Even the novel is fiction but a lot of parts are real life events.I highly recommend this good book as a masterpiece of modern American litrarure.
I have followed Michael Crichton's stories since the 1970s, and I have enjoyed the thoughtful AND the playful in him.  This book is wonderful entertainment for the reader.  Before reading this book, however, the reader needs to be sure what kind of Michael Crichton book they want to read.Every story requires the reader to make a few willful suspensions of disbelief.  In the case of Timeline, this is done more roughly than in some of Crichton's other books.  Some of this has to do, perhaps, with the paradoxical nature of time travel itself.  Nevertheless, the devices used, in terms of plot, are more clunky than one would prefer.The book does read like a screenplay.  In a society where film is such a dominant art form, however, this is not necessarily a bad thing.  Would people complain bitterly about those visual artists who related their work to music?  It's a matter of personal choice, I suppose.For me, Timeline was a delightful diversion and excellent entertainment.  The book was not pretentious.  The point is to give the reader a fast-paced romp through times and places thought inaccessible to us.  The power of the book lies in the ability to propose a (fairly) reasonable bridge between the here and the there.As a historian, I also have to say that I took considerable delight in finding a book that had historians running around in an adventure -- but here is one of those places where Michael Crichton goes a bit too far out on a limb.  He has a gift for adding more glamour and pizzazz to professions that (while exciting to those in them), to the outside observer, are as fascinating to watch as moss growing on the side of a tree.  But...fine...I don't mind having those of us in my profession polished up and energized a bit.The time machine envisioned is interesting.  Some of the troubles foreseen justly give pause.  And some of the historical speculation is fun.If you are looking for a book that is just that -- fun -- this is an excellent choice.  If you are looking for something you will want to tell your friends about so they will think how smart and sophisticated you are...pick another book.  A well balanced diet of reading will include a helping of chocolate cake, as well as a heap of broccoli or beef.  Timeline is a reader's confection that I enjoyed very much.  I recommend it to those who are looking for a playful read.
Damon Runyon's collection of short stories was first published in the early 1930's - and lights up the seedy side of New York at that time. It is a world where all men seem to be shysters, gangsters, crooked lawyers, or somehow on the make - and all the women are Dolls.Runyon has the most wonderful voice - it is disarmingly confessionaly, sort of like you would expect a poorly educated but street smart gangster to talk in front of judge. So for instance in &quot;Blood Pressure&quot; which I think is one of the best stories he writes - &quot;..Charley opens a door and we step into a room where there is a pretty red-headed doll about knee hight to a flivver, who looks as if she may just get out of the hay, because her red hair is flying every which way on her head, and her eyes seem still gummed up with sleep. At first I think she is a very cute sight indeed, and then I see something in her eyes that tells me this doll, whoever she is, is feeling very hostile to one and all.&quot;There are a great number of repeated characters that litter these tails, Nicely-Nicely, Regret, Dave the Dude  - and everyone hangs around at Mindy's - a restaurant somewhere in New York.Nice, funny reads - Runyon and Saki rate as the two top short story writers ever.
Showed me things about Frontpage I never knew, and got me cranking out web pages they way I finally wanted them to look.  I won't give it 5 stars because the book got wordy at times and rambled on a bit on some topics, but overall you'll learn a great deal.
I was coerced by my wife to reluctantly see the movie first. However, I must say that the movie was beautifully done and I was enthralled by the story.Shortly afterwards, I read the book, which I have now read about five times. It is not the best written book in the world, but the central themes and the originality of the ideas in the book and nothing short of amazing.I have gone on to read the original screenplay by Jeremy Leven as well (which has some excellent adapted scenes and ideas that I wish would have been included in the movie!). I have searched for the newer adapted screenplay by Bruce Joel Rubin, but have been unable to find it.This story, which obviously was wholly derived from the book, has completely captivated me. I am so engrossed in the story I can't get enough. I watch the movie, read the book, read the screenplay, and read discussion boards over the movie and the book continuously.I think that all of the adaptations are very well done. Sure, they don't include elements or add in elements that not everyone will like, but the story is so original and adaptable that any form of it, as long as it is done well, is absolutely excellent.I want to thank Ms. Niffenegger for creating such a timeless and memorable story and I am thankful for those who have adapted the original story and who have interpreted it in their own way. This is a story that will be a part of my life forever.
To name a novel after an author you are compared to is only the beginning of Murakami's many tricks. Kafka, the author, is credited for creating sub-narratives, ones which exist only in the reader's mind. Murakami is proudly in dept to Kafka, and goes so far as to name a book after him, knowing it will raise a hair or two on all his readers.Similar to Hard Boiled and Wonderland, the novel is split into alternating chapters. One is of a runaway named Kafka, the other is of a semi-retarded older man named Nakata. Their respective stories read autonomously at first, but in classic Murakami vein, subtle correlations between the stories start poking around, and one soon becomes suspicious that perhaps the stories run parallel in some dimension. Brilliant handling on reader's tendencies to remember and/or forget things. It's as if Murakami is relying on reader's forgetfulness to play with recollection and dreams. The novel reads at many parts like a dream, in which time and space are absorbed into a small point, only to expand again when pertinent.There are traditional plot strategies: a murder, a mystery, and a chase. However, these act as only anchors in the narrative. What Murakami is more interested in is identity, both symbolically (who we are as people) and formally (character aspects in a novel). Murakami plays with classic themes: unrequited love, oedipal complex, abandonment, adolescent loneliness, implications of war, and spiritual pilgrimages.What makes this novel very special is that the `mystery' is never solved. Readers are never granted the satisfaction of finding out what really happened. All the characters remain the same; only in the reader's head do the characters bleed into one another. On the written page, there is no proof that anything uncommon actually happened, and when they do, it is attributed as a dream (certain characters sleep for two day stretches during the same time that crazy things happen). Yet, by the end of the novel, we aren't so sure about what exactly happened. Was Miss Saeki Kafka's mother? Did they sleep together? Is Kafka the boy on the shore who died long ago? Is Nakata really Kafka after is entered the `entrance' in the forest? Was one story simply the dream of the respective story's character?The answers are not important. The `memories' that the reader carries away-memories from the `real' novel, memories from the memories in the novel, memories of reading the novel, and the myriad of blurry tiers that divide such things-are what are most important to Murakami, and us.
Alan Paton&#8217;s book, Cry, The Beloved Country, ends with the protagonist, the native South African minister Stephen Kumalo, praying on a mountaintop in his native village. He prays for his son and sister and for the white man, James Jarvis, all of whom have had tragic lives and for his country. &#8220;And now for all the people of Africa., the beloved country. Nkosi Sikelel&#8217; iAfrika, God save Africa. But he would not see that salvation. It lay afar off, because men were afraid of it.&#8221;This book describes South Africa in 1946. The situation there has changed dramatically since then so that you may be tempted to ignore the book as being no longer relevant. Quite the contrary, while apartheid is gone many of the conditions that Paton describes as existing at that time are still present in the developing world of today.  One point he makes is the breakdown of rural society as young people leave to go to cities in search of jobs and a better life. But often they get into difficulties there as happens in this novel. Paton also demonstrates the destruction of farming and the environment in rural areas and the need for improved education, both problems that exist today. But the most memorable part of the book is the characters and how they deal with the great tragic events that enter their lives.The story centers on the efforts of Umfundisi (pastor) Kumalo to find his sister and his son who have gone to Johannesburg from their village. Kumalo goes there to find tragedy has befallen both of them.  His sister has become a prostitute and his son is accused of killing a white man.  As the story unfolds, however, hope and kindness emerge and when the elderly Kumalo  stands praying at the end there is hope for a better future.This novel is not just or mainly about South Africa at a particular place and time. Its themes are universal and its characters grab you and don&#8217;t let go even as the novel ends. Cry, The Beloved Country is truly one of the great novels of our time.
Another great book from FT press. The advice presented in this book is clear, logic-based and very easy to implement. I found the writing to be clear and concise, and the book was rather well-organized. A great addition to my business bookshelf.
This is a classic. I hope I do my father justice when I read it to my grandkids. Silly monkeys.
The book provides insight into the science of complexity and chaos. The author presents the field in an easy to understand language and provides fascinating observations from real life. There is no doubt that chaos and complexity theory is making a strong impact in the various scientific fields for example physics, biology, epidemiology, genetics, chemistry, management science . The book provides a non-technical introduction to this growing field and takes the reader through the various stages of the historical development of this area. I would recommend this book to anyone who is fascinated by science and who at some point in time wondered about many aspects in nature that doesn't have a good explanation based on our conventional knowledge of science.
Clear and easy to read, this book tells it like it is. For novices and experienced investors; the latter will recognize that there is truth to Mr. Minervini's methods, some of which are counterintuitive. Worth the purchase.
This book has me laughing out loud and crying out loud!  It is not often a book does this to me.  I found myself sad that it ended.  The way this book is written makes you feel like you are THERE in this world with these people.  You want to hug them, laugh with them, cry with them, etc.It is a touching story so true to life.  And has bits that EVERYONE can relate to.  Relationships with ex's, mothers, children, best friends, new loves, and so on.  I LOVE IT!!!
What's this? Even in an age of democratized media, where the barbarians have not only stormed the gates but made a nice bouillabaisse out of the media guardians formerly known as The Gatekeepers, there's a need for curators?Well, yes. In fact, curators are needed now more than ever, Steve Rosenbaum argues in his fun, insightful, passionate and satisfying new book "Curation Nation."Curators, you might say, are the distant cousins of gatekeepers. Where gatekeepers once decided what news to dispense to a pliable, passive audience of mass media consumers -- and, just as important, what news not to dispense -- curators serve a different purpose. In this age of information overload, we need curators to find, organize, contextualize and repackage data to make it accessible to us. We're moving from an age of making stuff to one where we organize, filter and reconceptualize information.Rosenbaum recounts a dinner conversation Esther Dyson had with Bill Gates, quoting Dyson:"Bill Gates uttered one of the smartest things he has ever said: 'The future of search is verbs.' To me, the meaning was clear: when people search, they aren't just  looking for nouns or information; they are looking for action. They want to book a flight, reserve a table, buy a product, cure a hangover, take a class, fix a leak, resolve an argument, or occasionally find a person, for which Facebook is very handy. They mostly want to find something in order to do something. A lot of the social web is or will be directed towards helping people select stuff for other people, because the automated things get the topic, but not the meaning."Enter the curators. "Curation, whether accidental or intentional, is rapidly becoming the future of media, commerce, and community," the author writes.At turns serious and lighthearted, "Curation Nation" has a good deal of fun with the subject matter. In the chapter "Are Content Aggregators Vampires?," Rosenbaum lays out the varying contenders: Mark Cuban arguing that aggregators suck your blood and offer nothing of value, Seth Godin defending the value of aggregation and blogger Robert Scoble observing that the New York Times aggregates the work of its 1,100 staffers. (I don't agree: These folks are on the payroll. That's not aggregation as we understand the term in the digital age, and the Times pays for pretty much all of the content in its pages, unlike aggregation sites like the Huffington Post. But I agree with Robert's overall point. New media has wrought a new age -- so get used to it.)Scoble offers solid advice to folks just getting into the game: "Pick some niche that you're passionate about that you can totally own. If somebody says something about that niche, you should be able to see it in real time and be able to explain it to other people. If you do that and do that well, then you're going to be able to build up for that."In the end, Rosenbaum offers readers a roadmap for how to win at the curation game. He turns to various experts, like Chris Brogan, About.com founder Scott Kurnit and Twitter conference organizer Jeff Pulver, who offers this pithy gem: "Curate yourself."Rosenbaum overstates the case on occasion, as when he declares (drumroll please): "Search is over. Curation has begun." In truth, traditional search will be wedded to social search -- what your friends recommend and, yes, what your network curates for you -- for years to come.
Fifteen-year-old Christopher Boone can name all the prime numbers up to 2000, can tell there are 60 circles on his teacher's shoes, can figure out it takes exactly 21 minutes to take the bus to school. Christopher has an inquisitive mind, keenness to numbers, unusual intuition of space, but he doesn't like anything yellow or brown. Christopher has Asperger's Syndrome, a condition similar to autism. The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-time, unlike any book of fiction that I have read, deftly, but in very simplistic language that belongs to the voice of an autistic child, maps out Christopher's mind and emotions.When Christopher discovers that his neighbor's dog Wellington has been murdered with a garden fork, he skillfully applies his logical mind to probe the murder. Starting with neighbors on the same street, Christopher makes his inquiries but to no avail. His teacher Sihoban encourages him to keep all the clues that he has produced and discovered in a book which will eventually manifests into a book. When his father interferes at his investigation and locks up his journal, Christopher sets off a chain of events that unveil a shocking truth about his family.The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-time is after all a book about trust, integrity and reconciliation. It verbalizes the mind of an autistic child and internalizes his thinking, bringing his fear and insecurity to full actuality. The book shows great insight to the meticulously, pristinely set of routines that is built on logic and mathematical equations that governs the protagonist's life. The writing is compulsively simple and unadorned.2004 (36)  MY
Excellent historical novel. I wish the author would write more of them. The hunchback lawyer is a very unusual character.
If you're new to Human-Computer Interaction (or as we non-academics call it, "UI design"), look no further for a whirlwind tour, filled with practical examples (mainly from the web). While the same material has already been covered exhaustively elsewhere--in psychology textboks, books on web design, and respected tomes likeAbout Face--no one has put together as lively a short overview of the field as in "Designing with the Mind in Mind."
In THE TALENTED MR. RIPLEY, written in 1955, Patricia Highsmith has created a fictional character as memorable as John Updike's Rabbit Angstrom or Arthur Miller's Willie Loman and just as American in Tom Ripley. She has taken the theme used so often by American fiction writers from Hawthorne to Henry James of the innocent American traveling in Europe and turned it upside down since Ripley, who travels to Italy and other places in Europe, is anything but blameless as he murders to get what he wants.This novel is so much more than a conventional crime novel. Highsmith writes beautiful, to-the-point prose and totally engages the reader is Ripley's exploits. Her writing is reminiscent of both Henry James and Poe--early in the novel Herbert Greenleaf asks Tom if he has read James' THE AMBASSADORS. He has to reply that he has not-- and she can tell as chilling a tale as any writer I can think of. Even though most of us probably have a pretty good idea of how the novel will end, since two films have been made from it-- the French film EN PLEIN SOLEIL (1960) and THE TALENTED MR. RIPLEY (1999)--we share Tom's fears and concerns-- realizing we should know better-- as he tells one lie after another to cover his murderous tracks, piling one indiscretion on another but always landing on his feet.Highsmith presents the classic love triangle with a twist. Marge, whom Ripley detests and describes her figure as "gourdlike," is in love with the well-off Dickie Greenleaf and dislikes and distrusts Ripley, believing that he is, in the language of the times, a "sexual deviant."Even if you have seen one or both of the films about this most talented character, you'll be intrigued and entertained by the novel.
&#34;Salt: A World History,&#34; is an interesting work which views world history through the paradigm of salt. Although the topic may seem somewhat dry on the surface, Kurlansky illuminates the topic with a variety of examples of how salt has been at the center of the development of human society, trade, and history. The book sometimes tilts slightly more to the academic side (particularly towards anthropology and history), but it is to be expected, given the subject matter. Personally, I think the topic is a little too broad and that's probably why the book seems slightly disjointed at times, jumping from China, to Egypt, to Europe, the Americas and even some pre-history. The book overall is worth reading, but don't say I didn't warn you that from time to time you may begin to nod off when reading certain passages. One thing I did like about this work was the fact that Kurlansky included detailed recipes and detailed source material in the book. It's interesting to read them and realize how in some ways, little has changed over the passage of the past five-hundred years in relation to the preparation of certain food items.
Primitive Mythology is the first book in Campbell's great and sweeping study of myth in the world, starting from his neo-romantic viewpoint of myth as a necessary (and currently missing) factor in life. He embarks on a  globally comparative and ultimately reconciliatory survey of kinds of myth  and their relative societal roles. Please note that there is a fair amount  of debate as to both the accuracy and ethics of trying to mine the  universal from global myth in this fashion, but however you come down in  that particular debate, The Masks of God is, on its own terms, a monumental  achievement.
After nearly 3 decades, I reread this then assigned book to regain a its initial experience. I will confess to no longer having felt the impact of the central character, but it is non the less a great read. I also recommend watching last weeks sunday morning show on a new book on JD.
Whores for Gloria, like its author, takes time to grow on you. Vollman's writing style takes some getting used to, but once you read for a little while, you'll realize just how tight his prose is. His exploration of Jimmy's consciousness is haunting, and the way he rehashes the prostitute's stories and changes them to be about himself is interesting.Another things that is interesting about this book is the ambiguity of Gloria's identity. Gloria is a woman, seemingly a prostitute that Jimmy claims to be married to. He thinks that by collecting stories and hair from other prostitutes he can somehow reconstruct her. The question is whether or not Gloria exists. I came to my own conclusions on that, and I'll let you do the same.I liked that, at the end of the novella, Vollman included an actual account of his experiences with prostitutes, including a diagram of the average street prices for anything you could think of, as of the early 90's.My only complaint about the book is that I wish it had gone more into Jimmy's consciousness. Despite that, it is a good way to introduce yourself to the author, simply because of how short it is.This book is written in a way that reminds me A LOT of Zombie by Joyce Carol Oates, which explores the mind of a psychotic serial killer. I recommend reading that if you like this book, or the other way around.
Using Kerouac's technique of writing autobiographical fiction (the events may be true, but the names have been changed), Kesey presents DEMON BOX, a series of short shorties and vinettes depicting his life on his farm in Oregon.Relating a variety of experiences, ranging from scary hangers on to adventures with farm animals, and fallout from the drug haze of the '60's, Kesey vividly captures specific times and places. His humor, characterization and descriptions of geographical space (my native Oregon)all remain intact and on a level with his finest work.Some vinettes are obviously more memorable than others and often the writing seems unfocused and in need of editing.This is really a small matter considering that this is the closest to a autobiography the world will ever get. DEMON BOX certainly makes for a strong and worthwhile read.
With only 7 days to reurn the book, I thought I'd better check the legibility of the maps, tables, diagrams, etc. right away. They're fine on the iPad and horrible on my Kindle 3. In general, the Kindle rules all other devices for reading novels, but I'm finding it's capabilities for non-fiction to be lacking.I guess I'll be editing this review when i get farther into the book. I hope there aren't as many typos as early reviewers reported.
What I'd really like the potential reader to know is to read this book before you think you might need it.Everyone on Wall Street knows things are different today than they were ten years ago. The instability and changes combined with attitudes and policy being put forth by our federal government leave employees feeling apprehensive and unsteady about their careers. (At the time I'm writing this the federal government is unable to agree on a new budget, we have large deficits and raising taxes on individuals is back on the table.)Why you need to read this before you think you may need it is because Cohen suggests a strategy for how to react the moment the bad news is given and how to negotiate and what to ask for in the severance package (if you are unable to persuade them to change their minds). If the tactic works, this could benefit you thousands or tens of thousands of dollars in severance pay and more if they agree to add some months of medical insurance coverage to your severance package. Unfortunately, I didn't have the book until that part of the process had already happened to my husband. Wall Street people are often already working hard and long hours actually doing the job to read a book about a topic they HOPE they won't need to know about. My message to you is: READ IT NOW.Onto the job search...a major take-away is developing your story and how you should market and package yourself. The book also guides the reader through self evaluation to help figure out what positions in which type of companies they would be a best fit for. There are exercises to help you determine your strengths and your interests in an attempt to guide you to look for positions in the most ideal area (versus perhaps just doing the same position you did at your last job).The tone of the writing is uplifting (which is appreciated because the actual job search can be daunting and is exhausting). There is a lot of useful information here for the price. Depending on what you already know some of this could be old news and some will be new and useful. Consults with resume writers and interview skills coaches and similar consultant services can run hundreds of dollars per hour, so you really can't lose much by investing in this comparatively low-cost book. If you learn just one or two good things from this reading this book, your money will have been well spent.
The story is intriguing. The way it unfolds makes it very thought provoking, especially in recent times where subjugation of women in India and the middle east is in the news everyday.
Something Might Happen is a tense and absorbing novel.  It looks at what happens to the family and friends of a woman called Lennie after she is brutally murdered in a close-knit village in England.  The story is told through the eyes of Tess, Lennie's best friend.  As the book progresses we uncover a lot about Lennie and her husband Alex, as well as Tess and her husband Mick.  Other characters also have a large part to play, notably Tess's four children, the police officers investigating the murder, the family liaison officer and Lennie's father, Bob.At first I was startled with the way that the novel is written in the present tense, which is different from anything that I've read before.  It was very effective in making the action seem real and up close and I got used to it quickly.  The characters were complex and interesting although they often did things that were not good for themselves - but I guess that's grief for you.The dialogue was faultless and really captured the way that each person was responding to the murder.  The descriptions were also great - the ones for Tess's baby Liv really made her come to life in my mind.  The tension grew and grew, but I was still not prepared for the ending, which was a real shock.Overall Something Might Happen is a thought-provoking book.  It makes you think about the fact that something can easily happen at any moment to fracture our world.  It's not a whodunit as such but I think most fans of crime novels would like it - it falls into the psychological category.  I'm certain that I shall remember the characters and plot for a long time to come.JoAnne
As usual, another eloquently written novel from London. If you are a London fan, such as myself, you will find this book to be no less than what you've come to expect from his writings. However, if you are just beginning to delve into the world of London or are simply looking for something that is a little more "off the beaten path" than you are accustomed to then this is an excellent book.It is a somewhat atypical work of London in that instead of man's struggle against someone or something, it is about a man who learns how to let go of himself and to allow himself to travel through space and time back to previous lives.Whoever reads this novel should, at the least, find it intresting.
Enjoyed the author's written words re: the old west and the topography of Utah as it must have been seen byone who lived far back east.  This was a novel about the early settlers of the west and also the strugglesbetween the Mormons and the Gentiles. The love stories were both engaging and heartwarming. I reallyenjoyed reading this book.
This book is a super review for anyone who took stats years ago but needs something to jog their memory.  In addition, it is a wonderful &quot;Cliff's Notes&quot; guide for those taking there first stats class.  I wish I had this book when I was an undergraduate!  A must read for stats takers!
Much of the focus on this book and its popularlity has been on innabilities of companies to adapt to major tech shifts and the great data to support this (though I wish there was a more accessible example outside  of the disk drive industry that was as well researched). I would contend  that there is a profound gem hidden early in the book regarding the concept  of 'value networks'. (I'm sure some org behavior folks have thought about  this but few people in the strategy -- esp. mgmt or change consulting --  have taken this to heart.) Organizations are a network of structural  relationships between stakeholders (employees, suppliers, investors,  customers, et al) that is highly inflexible (this is what creates the  consistency necessary large orgs and their quality expectations,  requirements). When organzations try to do something new, this network of  relationships often keeps change in check. Forget the tech angle, this is  about companies, momentum and inflexibility and how most companies can't  change or dramatically evolve without leadership that recognizes that the  entire network must be primed to accepted radical transformation and its  requisite ambiguity (e.g., GE and Gerstner or  Maytag and Lloyd Ward).  Totally worth trudging through the numbers.
A very good old book that is still as interesting today as it probably was when it came out.  This author always seams to deliver a well thought out plot with a good amount of detail and short side stories that entertain and keep the story going.  The book is much better then the movie and I would suggest you read the book weather you have or have not watched it.  This book can really be called a suspense thriller and keeps your attention all the way to the end i.e. plot twist.  I actually think this is one of his better books.  I also read a good amount of World War 2 nonfiction and the facts presented in the book are dead on.  My only complaint would be that I wanted more.
Narrated by the unique voice of an autistic teenager, the book recounts his life - from his investigation into who killed the neighbor's dog Wellington, his efforts to pass math A-levels, and his observations about life and his parents relations, all the time providing a compassionate look at the both incredible and sad functioning of an autistic mind.  The middle of the book, as Christopher journeys to his mother in London, gets boring, but overall it's a good read and a unique voice.
I reread this book tonight. I normally re-read this series around Halloween time and since it is near Halloween time, I visited that tradition. I still love this collection and the art is still stellar but it didn't shake me as much. But still a lot of fun.
The Painted House is a must read for all John Grisham fans in particular and voracious readers in general. The story not only tells us about life in rural Arkansas (way back in the days) but also takes us into the various characters who might not be the same inside as what they would like the world to view them.Oh! and by the way did I mention that there are no lawyers in this book?
Unlike what some people say here , I do not think you will need another book when studying from this outline.This outline is all you will ever need.Like all branches of mathematics in order to learn Calculus you will need to see a lot of solved problems and do a lot of problems.A typical College Calculus textbook these days is over 1000 pages long, weighs over 4 pounds and is confusing as hell.There are a lot of titles available ,most of it completely useless.It is really amazing that Universities continue to use these expensive books , when a Schaum's book this good is available.The problem with the big expensive books is that they do not contain enough solved problems and the explanations are meant for someone who already knows the subject.This outline contains all imaginable topics in Calculus with the exception of line integrals , Stokes and Green Theorems (which is really Advanced Calculus).The last chapter is an introduction to Differential Equations.The supplementary problems are at the same level of difficulty as the solved problems and provide a good opportunity for the student to test his/her skill.I used to teach at a University which used Larson as the Calculus text , and it was a nightmare dealing with the book .The explanations were substandard and most of the problems in the book were too difficult to assign as homework.If you find your class textbook confusing , use this outline, it is the best Calculus book currently in print.
After reading Robert Cormier's &quot;Frenchtown Summer&quot;, I decided I ought to try to find more books written in free verse. &quot;Stop Pretending&quot; is every bit as good as &quot;Frenchtown Summer&quot; was. I could easily see the narrarator's mortification, sadness, and fear. I had a brother who was committed to a psychiatric ward when I was ten, but it was a somewhat different experience as (a) he was only there for a day (b) he was not crazy (c) we have always despised each other anyway, unlike Cookie and her sister. I think the book was much better told in poetry than it would have been in ordinary prose. My favorite poem was &quot;No Matter What&quot;. All in all, a brilliant work and I'm itching to get my hands on Sonya Sones's other book.
I only wish I could have afforded the hardback version of this excellent tome. It details a little-known chapter in Sicilian/Norman history. Norwich is one of the greatest living history writers. If you are familiar with his work, then you must get a copy!
I have used the First Aid series throughout medical school.  If you are studying for the USMLE STEP II CK, this book is essentially a requirement.  It is extremely detailed and covers everything you will hope to remember for the exam.
This is a great thriller, reminding me of Patricia Highsmith's novels and would be perfect for an Alfred Hitchcock movie. Ian McEwan spins a tale of post-war Berlin when the city was divided into American, English, French and Russian sectors but the Berlin wall had not yet been erected. There is a young technocrat protagonist that is innocent in many ways, including spy-craft and sexuality. Tensions build as the story of cloak and dagger and romance develops. In many stories of suspense the protagonists must make some bad choices to get themselves into a fix, and this is certainly the case with this novel. However, McEwan keeps the reader in as much suspense as he does the young protagonist trying to sort out good guys from bad guys. The ending is extremely clever, and would make a wonderful film. I liked Atonement and Enduring Love better than this novel, but that should not distract from this well told tale of suspense and mystery in a dangerous world where everything is not as it seems.
"The Catcher in the Rye" (1951) is a book I had heard quite a lot about over the years. It got a brief mention in the introduction of "A Clockwork Orange", when someone was comparing Alex to Holden Caulfield (the teenage protagonist of "The Catcher in the Rye"). I never had to read the book at school but I knew some who did. Apparently a lot of girls make their boyfriends read it. I also learned that it was Mark Chapman's favourite book. (Mark Chapman was the guy who killed John Lennon, in case you're wondering.) Chapman's enthusiasm for the book would more accurately be described as an obsession, as he seemed to base his life entirely around the mind set of the angry young narrator.Last week I finally got round to reading "The Catcher in the Rye", which I really just bought on a whim. Personally, I quite liked the book, it made a change from the kind of literature I normally read. Although I couldn't relate to Holden Caulfield  completely, certain things did strike a chord.Like many teenagers, Holden is plagued by a crisis of identity, a sense of nihilistic self-pity, an unshakable belief that adults are all phony, everyone sells out and society is superficial.  Is this just self-indulgence? Well, yes, but that is one of the luxuries of being an adolescent: to be convinced that everyone except you is a moron. Holden even concedes that he himself may be a madman, so he's not completely pig-headed. While Holden see double standards and hypocrisy everywhere, he too admits to being a huge liar. Hypocrisy is not a uniquely adult condition, it's just as prevalent in childhood. No one can have a frame of mind completely free of contradictions and inconsistency.Set in the 1950s, the story takes place over a couple of days in New York, with Christmas approaching. Holden, who has just been kicked out of yet another school, lets us in on his cynical world view. Like the typically confused and "sensitive" rebel, Holden seems to be disillusioned with everything, a listless soul with no real sense of direction in life. Two or three other characters try to help him but their advice goes in one ear and out the other. If there is one person Holden truly loves and admires, it is his younger sister Phoebe. She seems to be the only character in the book that hasn't let Holden down. She still has her innocence. Sadly, this can't last forever. She too will grow up, and it's just possible her outlook too will descend into cynicism.  But for now we see Phoebe as a ten year old girl with ideals.Unfortunately, the kind of uncertainty Holden contends with doesn't necessarily fade away with the onset of adulthood.  Since Holden was a teenager in the 1950s, it would be interesting to know what he would be like today as a middle aged man, assuming he survived the turmoil and angst of adolescence.  Would he have straightened out? From what we read in the book, one can only hope he has.
Have not seen the movie but the book is very good!  It is sad how older people are treated sometimes even though sometimes they more than deserve it!  Makes one think - just what will happen to you when you are that age?  Since I am 62 it is even closer to home :)  Great characters, funny, sad, true - and I can't wait to see the movie. Some great actors are involved - some of my favorites.  Just goes to show you - don't discount older individuals - they still have some tricks up there sleeves.
Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress: A Novelby Dai Sijie is a lovely gem of a novella, deceptively simple but every page filled with beauty, love and truth.  It is a story of depth and nuance, a transcendent tale with a magical quality that is expressed with great delicacy and in just the right tone.It is a spacious window into a time and place about which most Westerners have little knowledge or experience ~ the infamous Cultural Revolution of China.  The time is 1971 in Communist China, when older children of the bourgeois elite of the densely populated cities are sent to remote rural areas for re-education among the peasants, in accordance with the mindset of Socialism and to the glory of Chairman Mao.The story involves two teenage boys, childhood friends Luo and Ma (the story's narrator). They are intelligent young men, sensitive and inquisitive, who have been classified as "young intellectuals" in need of re-education because their parents, medical professionals and intellectuals, have been banned and ostracized by the state as notorious class enemies.  Luo and Ma are banished to a remote mountain top known as the Phoenix of the Sky. The boys find themselves in the picturesque but illiterate commune run by a former opium grower/now chief. The first thing that happens to them is all of their city possessions, save Ma's violin and Luo's alarm clock, are taken away and destroyed. Any item which exuded an air of foreignness or civilization aroused suspicion and was therefore denounced.  All books in particular were burned (except Mao's of course) and the process of re-education was begun.The friends learn quickly to adjust to the rigors of the hard labor which constitutes their re-education, but only with the support of each other and the rural folk with whom they now live.  They befriend another "young intellectual," Four Eyes, son of a poet, who is secretly hiding a cache of classic Western books in Chinese translation.  But the dearest friend they make while on Phoenix Mountain is the Little Chinese Seamstress, the daughter of the venerated Tailor of Phoenix Mountain. Little Chinese Seamstress, as she is affectionately called, is truly delightful, a pretty girl with spunk and charm and dreams of the world beyond her Phoenix of the Sky.As a result of some clever negotiating with Four Eyes, Luo and Ma obtain one of his secrets books, a real treasure, a slim volume by Balzac.  This invaluable book will change the lives of Luo, Ma and Little Chinese Seamstess forever.Ma narrates ~ "Picture if you will, a boy of nineteen, still slumbering in the limbo of adolescence, having heard nothing but revolutionary blather about patriotism, Communism, ideology and propaganda, all of his life, falling headlong into a story of awakening desire, passion, impulsive action, love, of all the subjects that had, until then, been hidden from me."This treasured book by Balzac, as well as the others they eventually steal from Four Eyes upon his departure from Phoenix of the Sky, Luo and Ma share generously and passionately with the Little Seamstress. The three young friends are still open to the wonders of life and after being deprived of "reactionary" literature, these foreign books of great Western writers ~ Balzac, Victor Hugo, Stendhal, Dumas, Flaubert, Beadelaire, Romain Rolland, Rousseau, Tolstoy, Gogol, Dostoyevsky, Dickens, Kipling, Emily Bronte ~ testify to the tremendous power of words, a power to touch and exalt the beauty of human experience. And under the spell cast by the magic of literature, a deep and tender love blossoms among the three friends, transporting them above their grim surroundings to worlds they could have never imagined.Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress: A Novelunfolds gently as a sensitive love story set in a hauntingly symbolic landscape but Dai Sijie also with delicate skill weaves in a subtle political message.  With poignancy and understatement he conveys two friends' struggle for intellectual freedom amidst the blight of propaganda and censorship...and the love of the beautiful Little Chinese Seamstress.This poetic and deeply felt tale seduces quickly and can be read just as quickly, yet will produce a long lasting, unforgettable effect.  What a joy to be able to enjoyBalzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress: A Novelagain and again, during an idle afternoon or a quiet evening!  For those who love reading as I do, this enchanting novella celebrates the magic of reading we all so dearly appreciate. I love this gem of a book and hope that by this review I can get other book lovers to experience it and cherish it too.
Having read Nelson's previous book, George Washington's Secret Navy, with fascination, I was especially looking forward to his book on the end game of the Revolutionary War. I was not disappointed. Every school kid has heard about Lafayette (I even went to an elementary school named for the French hero), but hardly anyone knows what exactly he did. Moreover, that a key victory by the French Navy over an English fleet set the stage for Cornwallis' surrender at Yorktown was an obscure fact shared only among expert scholars. Until know. Nelson's book, suspenseful even though we know the conclusion, relates all the confusion of war, the clashing egos and the ineptitude at crucial moments of key British officers, the indecisions and meanderings of all forces due to long-delayed communications, and the undue caution and delays by state politicians in assisting military operations. This is a grand tale, almost Shakespearean. My only minor complaint is Nelson's repetition, particularly the advantage of copper-bottom ships. Otherwise, the political and military strategy and battlefield tactics are well presented. The book was a joy to read and I learned much. All the events of the founding of our nation, and each addition to the story, as Nelson's latest opus, continues to amaze.
When most people think about the victims of 9/11, they think of the souls lost on that very day. This book makes very clear that the number of victims is still increasing ten years later. It is estimated that ultimately, the dust from 9/11 will effect 500,000 people in NY and NJ.The author does a tremendous job of putting together a lot of information on the nature of the dust, why the dust was so destructive, first responders who are ill or who have died and the role that federal and state governments (NY, NJ) played in this tragedy. The dust itself was made up of asbestos, mercury, cadmium, benzene, poly aromatic hydrocarbons and pulverized bone and concrete so small that it could pass directly through the lung's defenses. The mound at ground zero smoldered for many months with a constant stream of volatiles from the jet fuel making it's way out to the first responders.One of the most critical points this book makes is that after the first week or so, the operation at ground zero should have changed from one of rescue to recovery. There was no need for all the haste and non use of ventilation gear after it was evident that only dead bodies remained at the World Trade Centers yet firemen, policemen and contractors continued to work as if they were on a rescue mission where survivors would be found. This is a sad legacy of their heroism.After reading this book, it is clear that no one intended for the first responders to become sick and die. Air was tested on and around the ground zero site, but no one seemed to know what to make of the data because there had never been a situation of this magnitude. So the blame continues to go round and round as to whose fault it was that first responders didn't wear their ventilation equipment and why the neighborhoods surrounding ground zero were allowed to be repopulated so quickly. We find in the book that part of the reason was federal pressure (White House) that the country must appear to return to normal as quickly as possible and most importantly that Wall Street (a hop and a skip from ground zero) must open ASAP.I learned an immense amount from this book on environmental science, medicine and emergency management. Most of all, I learned what exactly was in that deadly dust. I have an interest in this because I live in NJ and was exposed to the dust that day.The only criticism of the book I have is that there is too much detail to retain. So many people and places and medical terms. Overall, I think it is an excellent book to read, especially if you lived in NY or NJ on 9/11. Outside of this region I don't know how successful this book will be.
Read this book. You won't regret it. And if the government comes after you, give them my name and I'll gladly go to jail with you for reading this book. You'll go a happier, better, more cultured citizen of this country. It's an extremely easy, quick read and you'll breeze through it in no time. Don't be intimidated, join the dark side and read it with us and enjoy it!
Judy Nunn is proving to be one of Australia's best modern day writers and Beneath the Southern Cross is another fantastic read.
The exercises are easy to understand, and the explanations are clear and simple. It is a very basic book, but in my ESL classes I have found it to be especially helpful.
The book Of Mice & Men, by John Steinbeck, is one of the saddest and most moving books I've ever read. I could barely get through the fifth chapter without bursting, and when I'd done THAT I cried hysterically. I won't give anything away... but let's just say it's downright sad. This story is cyclic, which means it begins and ends in the same place. It centers around two main characters: Lennie and George. You can probably read the whole plot by scrolling up the page a little and reading under "synopsis", but I'll tell you some things anyway. There are a lot of other characters who go in and out of the plot throughout the story, and affect the lives of Lennie and George. George is very simple-minded, and he likes to pet soft things... like mice. This gets him into a lot of trouble in more then one instance, as you can imagine. A lot of people, especially 60 years ago, didn't understand Lennie's condition, and so this book gives a really good overview of the way people thought and felt and acted during that time period. There was a lot of cheating and a kind of every-man-for-himself attitude, but not with Lennie and George. That's what makes this story unique.The reason I titled my review "The hungry 30's" is because in school my English teacher is constantly reminding us on how "the book ECHOS the times of The Great Depression". And honestly, he's right, Of Mice & Men is just DRIPPING with grimy adjectives and... et cetera. You kinda get the picture from reading all the other people's reviews. It's true that this book is in the top ten banned books in the country list... but you know what? Last week (the week of September 26th thru October 1st) was Banned Books Week (I was told that Librarians get really pysched up about that)!So, I guess what you're all wondering is why on earth I'd give a book that got me so UPSET a five-star rating. Well, everyone (adults anyway) is always saying that kids today are so... jaded and numbed by the world and... videogames and the things we see on TV. I say, read more books like Of Mice & Men, and there will be no more numbness! You gotta cry your heart out once in a while... It's good for your soul.
This is an excellent text for students of the 'Operating Systems' course, and deals with the innards of UNIX. Any UNIX enthusiast will love this book. This book is not for beginners as it deals with the inner workings and principles involved in the design of the OS. Difficult concepts like the kernel algorithms are explained in the best possible way. A tough yet satisfying read.
Very good book for the instruction of Java. The book is also very true to Osborne's 'Teach Yourself' series. Some things could be covered in more detail though. Some things, like overriding Object.toString(), need to be  explained better. The book is also easier for someone with some programming  experience, especially in C++ because Java is a LOT like C++. Overall  though, this is a very good book, and i highly recommend it.
I absolutly LOVED this book and could not put it down until I finished it.  For anyone who loves intelligent writing with a very strong human element, you will definitely enjoy this read.  I found myself laughing out loud at times, recalling college math at times and feeling deep sympathy and empathy at times.  It NEVER seemed fake or contrived.  It flowed and the author never let Christopher break character.  Any book that is entertaining and makes you think this much is nothing less than a wonderful work of art!
Deja Dead, i dont think, was quite the thriller everyone made it out to be. It was good, yeah, probably meriting about four stars, but it was not THAT good. It wasn't as good as debut as Boston Teran's, Minette Walters', Patricia Cornwell's. However, with this second novel, she really packs a punch.The chill of the canadian weather really pervades the story, working its way into the writing and feeling of the story. It is brilliantly evoked, and works well with the nature of the book itself.Being a huge Cornwell fan, i have to say that i do believe Tempe to be better company. She is less driven (some would not take this as a plus) she is more well rounded, and she is a bit more interesting. Her relationship with Ryan develops well and interestingly.The plot is a cracker. Which is something Reichs is excellent at. All of her books from here on in have absolutely fantastic plots. Deadly Decisions has a great plot, but is still a weak book, but Fatal Voyage has an absolute stunner of a plot. Grave Secrets, her next, looks to have one as well.While this plot is not quite as good as that of Fatal Voyage, it nearly is. It is intriguing, exciting, haunting, complex. If anything, too complex. (That is the thing Deadly Decisions suffered from.) The conclusion is great.A cast of great characters, some great writing, a great atmopshere, great forensic detail, and a brilliant plot make this book well worth a read.
This book is classic American literature for the way it portrayed a young woman who climbed via a combination of feminine wiles, theatrical ability, and liaisons with different men - a daring theme for a book published in 1900.  The story centers on young Carrie Meeber, who arrives in Chicago to live with her sister and brother-in-law.  Carrie is expected by her hosts to work full-time, turn over her pay, and basically sit quietly in her free time.  Thankfully, she rebels against such strictures and soon leaves.  Carries soon finds herself rising via incredible talent on the theatrical stage and affairs with a couple of men.  In time she leaves for New York City with Hurstwood, whom she splits up with (he ends his days in flophouses) when the time is appropriate.I found this book a bit less engaging than most reviewers, yet it is clearly worth reading.  Author Theodore Dreiser (1871-1945) attacked the way women were made to be dependent on men, and his sympathetic portrayal of Carrie was considered highly controversial in 1900.  As such Dreiser found his book banned and then published over a decade later with several sections omitted.
The Outlander series came highly recommended from a friend, so I decided to give the first book in the series--"Outlander"--a try.  I'm not usually a fan of romance novels or sci-fi (yeah the time traveling thing is a little sci-fi) but I was pleasantly surprised by the book.Outlander's heroine Clare is smart and punchy, and her WWII era girl in 18th century Scotland is a fun mix.  The book reads pretty fast, with lots of plots twists and turns, which is essential to keep you reading through a book this long!  At times Outlander gets a little Outlandish--I mean how many times can people really be on death's door and still escape--but it was fun reading throughout.  The book does stretch history a bit, but it still has a historical flair that makes for lively reading.  When I reached Outlander's inevitable cliff hanger ending (I knew there were several more books in the series), I was ready to move onto to the next book in the series--but sadly I don't have two weeks to devote to reading it right now.I would recommend this books to fans of historical romance/fiction--fans of Phillipa Gregory's books are likely to like this series too.  Outlander is fun, light, page turning reading.
When I started reading this book selected by my book club I just thought it was strange, but I dutifully finished it.  After reflection and our club discussion I found myself deciding I really liked it.  Some of the black humor is hilarious, especially the part about using library books to try to detonate hidden land mines.  But the book is definitely not for everyone.  A warped sense of humor helps.
THE SECRETS OF ECONOMIC INDICATORS: HIDDEN CLUES TO FUTURE ECONOMIC TRENDS AND INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES by Bernard Baumohl (2013, Financial Times Press 3rd ed., 468 pages) is quite the college textbook. Although not nearly as fun - of course, it's a college textbook - as the interestingThe Knockoff Economy: How Imitation Sparks Innovation(see my review), SECRETS is a must-have economics reference work for any library that is self-respecting.When I began reading this, I was impressed by two things: one was the fascinating intro story about the American press going through its painful ritual of awaiting the release of jobs/other statistics. The other thing was how much I thought of George Takei's goofy economics professor in Tom Hanks'Larry Crowne(see my review). Tough but fair.Although this tome covers everything to the microscopic level including jobs, employment, the Federal reserve all the way up to global market trends and foreign economies, I can now easily recall why university courses usually assign only a chapter from such textbooks as this. The font gave me a migraine; the charts, graphs and even copied articles were an impossibility altogether and guaranteed a trip to my optometrist.The book begins with studies of employment and consumerism, and it simply snowballs from there. I had trouble discerning how Baumohl was ever able to finish this book. The text includes more reports (in horribly tiny copy) than the Department of Justice gets in a month, plus it includes a country-by-country economic overview. As if that weren't enough, it concludes with two overly long lists of websites that I believe quite frankly no one will care about anyway.The Bible would have been easier, lighter reading. However, if you are a student of economics or a professional, a stock market jobber or just a weird miser, this book will be for you. I found it to be so thorough that it really is priceless as a reference text.Just be sure to get some weightlifting in to train if you plan on reading this thing through.
I read this book alongside the textbook and AP Prep Guide and found it very helpful.  The format was great and gave good insights of both the general information as well as details.  Definitely recommend!
If you are looking for a gentle approach to helping your child sleep through the night, this is a great book. I also appreciate that the author is sensitive to the needs of mothers who are breastfeeding their toddler or pre-schooler. It is encouraging to read that you are not alone in having a toddler who does not sleep through the night. This book has some good ideas that I have used, but I have not put the full method to use. The downsides of this book are that the full method requires a long-term commitment and effort and if you have any doubts about it - as I did - you are not likely to follow through. Also, the author at times is too rigid about not letting your child cry. I have not practiced the "cry it out" approach at all, but with my child's temperment and personality there are times when she cries for a few minutes in bed before falling asleep and I have had to come to accept that as a reality.
This book leaps ahead of over 30 books I've read on lean/business excellence.  Here's some thoughts and opinions, potential pro and con, for you to maybe consider...Pro:+ Topic is spot on:  It's all about leadership+ Describes what leadership is, and how to create more of it ("shu ha ri" which is Toyota's apprentice / Socratic Method model)+ Answers common questions (can lean be copied by Western companies, how do I sustain gains)Con:- Would prefer more specific science from a wider pool of authors; credibility would benefit from citing more studies- Some the figures and tables are not as well constructed and/or informative as I would have hoped- Indirectly refer to workers as being at the bottom and leaders at the top despite periodically emphasizing the opposite - a mixed message that I hope they fixNeutral:> Neither verbose, nor concise - sort of an in betweenBottom line:  Highly recommended, 5 stars.  Hard to put down once I started reading it.  Don't let 3 pro and 3 con dissuade you from getting this book;  this book really gets to the heart of, "Why is lean so hard to copy?"  The short answer they provide is that it can't because it must be created.  Superb!
I bought this book for my grandson.  My grandson class went to see the dinosaur Sue at the Science Center is St. Louis with his class in school.  He is beginning to read & he loves books.
It is unfair to compare The Last Don with The Godfather because The Godfather was in, and still remains, in a class all by itself in this genre. That being said, The Last Don is still a first-class, engaging and entertaining read.Don Domenico Clericuzio is a sagely, ruthless man in his dotage who is anxious to see his family go "legit," divesting themselves of all of their unsavory holdings in order to establish themselves in society. Not wanting his progeny to continue committing the sins of the fathers, the Don begins to parcel out his empire. As the deus ex machina of the only remaining crime family, he ensures that the Clericuzio beak will still be wet long after the divestiture.His vision for a peaceful transition to legitimate society, however, is endagered when a horrifying family secret threatens to set off a civil war between two blood cousins.Without going into any more details, which would spoil the book's ending and would take away from the engrossing plot structure, The Don has his way in the end and an all-out bloodbath is averted. The Don can goes to the hereafter secure in the knowledge of a "life well lived," and his wishes have been carried out.Mario Puzo weaves a rich tapestry which, of course, contains the main plot and various sub-plots that accent the main storyline giving it a fuller, more robust feel. The same can be said of the major and minor characters.What I loved most about this book is the way Puzo ties everything up at the conclusion of the book, leaving no loose ends. There is a tidy ending that is logical, without being cliche'. You'll finish this book having been totally entertained, suprised, and satisfied.Again...a very engaging, engrossing, and entertaining book. 5+ stars.
Normally, I start with a new programming book at the introduction vowing  solemnly to barrel straight through to the end...and then falling flat on  my face and taking a course on it instead.This book is a page turner  and the exercises kept me up until 3 a.m. coding.  This comprehensive book  has inspired me and has turned me into a lover of this amazing  language.and to keep it all real: the worst criticism I could think  of...  The CD contains a huge tutorial on C++ (among the java  stuff)!What the heck?
I loved Gurdjieff for decades of crazy seeking spirit in his travels for 20? years in Asia, Tibet, SW Russia & escaping Russian revolution, a very conscious inventive & innovative teacher of ancient Sufi ways hidden from Asian religions controls.  A great movie of 'Meetings' was made by teacher of his 'work' from his boyhood with carpenter father & travels seeking the inner circle of human nature. He gives details of adventures, injured badly few times, seems divinely guided with dangers & discoveries, & being taken to remote Sufi temple where he learned many movements, music & ways of cosmic energy dimensions. Then came out to white Russia city gathering followers to escape the Revolution & WW1 landing in Paris.  He was the strangest spiritual teacher in Euro from 1920 to about 1950. Many books about him, & others are more spiritual dimensions & less stories.[[ASIN:0876120834 Autobiography of a Yogi]
I bought this used copy of The Art of Public Speaking for ridiculously cheap, after shipping and tax. I didn't end up using the book because I'm too scared to go to speech class. But I read the first few pages and it made sense- it said that most students fear public speaking over death! This book was okay to use for my college course, and my teacher recommended buying the used copy over the $100 new copy at the local school bookstore.
'A Reader' (1) wishes Oliver Carleton would have affairs with women of his own class (2) is unhappy he 'keeps' women of a lower class (3) is unhappy that this situation recurs so often in Heyer's Regency novels & that her heroines accept it.Well -- either Georgette Heyer is writing about the Regency period _or_ she is writing about the mid-20th century. You can't mix the two. Heyer's novels are perfect 'period pieces' -- no one else has captured the particular social milieu she writes about, as well as she has. There are plenty of novels set in the mid- to late 20th century that of course project the practices & attitudes of _that_ period. Why take these novels & then simply dress everyone in Regency costume? What's the point?
I recommend this book. For me it's strengths aren't in the mystery/thriller aspects. I don't care that much about Marcus Attilus Primus' search for answers to the disappearance of his colleague, but I never was a mystery person. And the love story doesn't do that much for me either. On both these things it's clear that Harris is getting out some of hooks to bring in a commercial audience. Which is okay.But what I like is that this serves as a vehicle to look at life in Imperial Rome. The daily job of the aquarius is fascinating, and the whole sun drenched atmosphere of the place really pulled me in. And definitely the best sections are when Vesuvius is actually erupting. It's such a visual, viceral, incredibly imagined rendering of one of humanities great natural disasters. The way the pumice stone fills up the bay... The cloud of ash spewing into the heavens... The heat and turmoil of it all... It's very vivid, and dramatic in a way that's a notch above any possible film version. Read it for this stuff, cause it's worth it.
Well-written and imaginative novel that I'd classify as literary fantasy. The narrative jumps between two interlaced stories and requires a fair degree of attention to follow, so be forewarned. I was less than enthused with the ending, but your mileage may vary.
I loved this book! It was fast-paced and interesting--LOVE how John Grisham spins a tale. There are enough reviews on here, so I'm not going to go into minute detail about the plot, storyline, etc. I'll just say I thoroughly enjoyed this read like I enjoy most of Grisham's books. I believe a great book is one which "stays with you" and I can see myself remembering Mordicai Green (sp?) all the days of my life. Well worth every minute I spent enjoying it!
This book was recommended by a reading group that I trust, so I dug in. I found it to be somewhat difficult to read. It reminded me of the time I read The Poisonwood Bible, which I had to start over to understand. Here's what I think about this book: I consider it a privledge that I was able to read it. I hope if you read this review, you'll understand. There are just some things in life you shouldn't miss and reading this book is one of them. There are a few problems, but you can get through them. The fist one is that Marion is telling about the circumstances around his birth, which is something he couldn't tell that detailed even if he interviewed everyone involved. I simply didn't buy it, but it didn't matter. The story is so rich in culture, character, crises, and medical knowledge that I was intrigued. The medical jargon is another stumbling block, but you will easily get through that too. Verghese's preparation for writing this book is so indepth...truely you won't be disappointed.
This book begins with World War I, because this event marks the beginning of the unraveling of the economic system; this breakdown ultimately resulted in the Depression.In Europe, Germany, following defeat, was burdened with  unrealistic demands for reparations, initially seven times its annual GDP.  Both England and France borrowed substantial sums from the US to pay for the war, struggled to repay them, and never did.In the relatively prosperous US, the stock boom of the Twenties resulted in the inevitable collapse. Over the next two years the inexperienced Fed allowed a banking crisis to develop from it, culminating in a full-fledged panic by the time Roosevelt was inaugurated.With Europe weakened and the US in disarray, and the constraints imposed by the world's outdated belief in the virtues of the gold standard, in the early Thirties trade and capital flow ground to a halt, at least until the mid-Thirties, when countries abandoned gold and began monetary efforts to resurrect their economies, as Keynes had always recommended.
Stewart Brand has identified the core that makes a building supremely good at what it does: the twin traits of being underspecialized and highly adaptable, possibly two names for the same thing. This brilliant, readable, and richly ilustrated book makes the same point again and again, in every architectural idiom that's lasted and especially in the ones that haven't. Longevity implies adaptation to changing uses. That includes configurable and customizable interior spaces, as well as walls that can be knocked down easily for expansion and new construction. Between renovations, the building must also be kept alive; the things that make its systems easy to modify also make the building easy to care for and repair. In other words, success means all the things that modern "architected" buildings aren't. Once you've really understood this wise book, just about every construction that fails in its purpose without actually falling down can be understood, and those failures predicted. MIT's misconceived Stata Center fits the failure pattern perfectly, being unmaintainable, unmodifiable, and unwilling or unable to address a future different from its present. Ironically, the very failure of that MIT building cuild have been averted using the lessons Brand learned during his residence at MIT's Media Lab.If you love buildings, you'll see what makes them lovable. If you've lived through at least one renovation, you'll see spelled out much of what you learned the hard way. And if you have a building that just isn't working, no matter how, you must read this book to understand why. This is a fitting companions to Christopher Alexander's book on design for living and for purpose. It covers the other decades or centuries of a building's life after initial design: the living redesign as it's repurposed, or its spiritual if not physical death, when purpose changes but the building can't.-- wiredweird
I, too, love this book. It's a wonderful introduction to the intricacies  of English royalty of the period, and prompted me to search out Thomas B.  Costain's wonderful series that begins with &quot;The Conquering  Family.&quot;Tey's book is fun to read and re-read, and I look forward  to the passing of a few more years when I can pick it up again.
The Man Who Was Thursday: A Nightmare by G. K. (Gilbert Keith) Chesterton.  Published by MobileReference (mobi)The Man Who Was Thursday is a tense, masterfully structured thriller. The genius of Chesterton is that his book produces a question in the soul of the attentive reader that demands and points the way to an answer.
I read this a long time ago and hated it with a passion. I was chuckling reading the one-star reviews here, because had the Internet been around when I first read this book, I would have given it a scathing, one-star review.The first time around, I was bored to tears, and it took me forever to finish. This time, I was so moved by certain sections my tears were falling on the page, and it took me only a week (or maybe it was six days) to finish. And though I will never call this my favorite classic, I liked it so much that currently I am reading Lawrence's "The Rainbow."Make sure you get an edition that helps explain the dialect. After a while, I was able to figure it out myself, and that was kind of fun -- almost like learning a new language.
I actually was drawn to Donna Tart from "The Little Friend" which no one seems to like (except me?) and read this second. I thought it would bore me based on the plot summary but it was incredibly gripping despite the repetitive nature of it (main character wakes up, boozes, goes to class, talks to friends, worries about what they are entangled in, goes to sleep, wakes up, boozes, on and on). I found myself thinking about the book for days after and parts of it still come to mind even now.Donna Tartt has an amazing way with words. She has a beautiful way of describing things, even the most mundane aspects of nature which can bore me in the hands of other writers.
I can honestly say that The Handmaid's Tale was one of the most unique novels i have ever read. In the novel, Offred and all other women living under the Gilead society are restricted and must follow guidelines of what they can and cannot do. Atwood gives a vivid and moving depiction into the futuristic Republic of Gilead, in which women such as Offred served for the sole purpose to reproduction, due to the influx of diseases and toxics. Besides making it clear to the reader of the kind of helpless and hopeless life women like Offred are forced to lead, Atwood goes above and beyond: she digs deep into Offred's past in order to really get the full picture of the dramatic change and the vulgarity of such a society.I really haven't read a novel like this one for a long time: one that could move me and keep me turning the page long after my planned reading time. More importantly, it made me think. In many ways, Gilead is a glimpse of what our future could look like if we do not change our habits and learn to live with the consequences.This book really is a page turner. I couldn't get enough with the fluid, vivid language and Atwood so expertly incorporates. Often times, I actually felt as if I were in Gilead, witnessing the events in the book as if they happened right before my eyes. The novel is descriptive, but not wordy. It gives insight and perspective, but doesn't sound like a lecture hall. all in all, this novel has what every avid reader wants to read: an compelling and inspiring storyline matched with imaginative and vivid language that completes the story without sounding stiffy.
I read this book first when I was about 15. I remembered it still when I was 40. It is without a doubt the best book in English on the Verdun battle and perhaps a more accurate account with more detail will be written in the future, but it will still not eclipse this book for what it is -- quite simply a very accurate and moving account of a battle that had no sole purpose than to kill men.Unlike other battles where there is a specific political purpose achieved at the price of bodies, in this battle, the bodies themselves were seen as a way to beggar the enemy and force them into surrendering. In the logic of the German High Command it was reckoned that in major battle with Germany the French would loose around 2 soldiers for every 1 German that died. Since Germany had a larger population base than France the calculus was simple: bleed the French white so that they would have to sue to peace and abandon the war effort.The French, in good fin de siecle spirit rose to the occasion and decided to defend the vital fortress town, come what may... This was making of a colossal battle, lasting many months and with over 1,000,000 dead on both sides. It could be cited as the largest battle ever fought!With both side bying into the calculus of bodies, the count rose higher and higher and the fearful hell-like outcome was predictable. Despite the losses (the Germans were more or less correct) the Germans eventually broke off battle and left most of the offensive work in the war to the allies.The book describes well the actions of the French High Command, the political events and is very good on the mud-and-blood-in-your-face details of the common French polieu. In addition the descriptions, cameo explanations of core personalities related to the battle are concise and Horne has a flair in making them come alive in the few short pages we get as introduction for each.Of course there are "problems" with the book. Horne did not have access to fine bios of Falkenhayn, or Joffre, or Petain. He also eschews the later style of heavy empirical fact, data based research that has become so much the standard of contemporary historians since the 1970s. But that does not make it less worth reading: each page of this book is a savoury sojourn into another era. While he may not encapsulate the order of battle well for both sides, one can and does gain a largely correct understanding of this battle. In that sense history has not changed. And if, as Horne does, one gets this in one hell of a ripping read -- well, so much the better for old-style history.If it is read with Leon Wolfe's in Flander's feild and Martin Middlebrook's "The First Day on the Somme" one can really get a flavour of the hell of the Western Front.Hands down one of the best books written on World War I. Stays with you.(I just re-read the book now... when I am 52). It still stands the test of time.
This is one of those rare books that manages to be up-to-the-minute topical, but also goes back far into history and deep into economics to explain first principles. It is accurate about the technical details of modern finance without ever lapsing into dry accounts or jargon. The author is smart and experienced enough to explain things in clear, simple terms. The book is engagingly written although, as other reviewers have pointed out, all the best lines are quotes from other people, and the structure sometimes seems designed to fit in the quote rather than follow a logical order. Nevertheless, the book is an easy read, a relatively painless education.However it's important to keep in mind that the author has an extreme financial opinion, that only the real, physical economy matters and finance is useful only to help organize that real, physical activity. This is stated explicitly in the beginning, and leads the author to leave out anything that explains what financial people were trying to do. You will not read, for example, about the millions of people who pulled themselves into the home-owning middle class via subprime mortgages in which both borrower and lender took known and calculated risks. You read only about predatory loans and fraudulent borrowing. Only derivative losers are profiled, the winners on the other side are invisible. The losses from the financial crisis are tallied, but the author never asks how much less growth we would have during the good times if financial innovation had been curtailed.I'm not trying to start a political argument or describe the book I wish the author had written. He's an expert entitled to his opinion, and many people share it. It's only that without knowing what people thought they were doing, it's hard to understand their actions. It's like a Hollywood expose by someone who thinks all commercial movies are trash written by corporate hacks for product placement to brain dead audiences, or an insider account of Washington by someone who thinks politics is a cynical game for power and money, or an analysis of an airplane crash by someone who thinks God did not intend man to fly. If you share the author's opinion, then this is a five-star book. If you don't share the author's opinion then this is still an excellent account of half the story.For my part, I believe that finance is basically an honest business and therefore the profit earned is real economic value added, as long as it intermediates a transaction between a buyer and seller who both consider themselves better off for the deal. Sure there's a lot of error and fraud, as in any other business, maybe more than in other businesses. But there is a real potential to do good. I believe it is possible to capitalize the value of future production to get the assets to invest today to realize that future production. It's tricky and it often leads to blow-ups and melt-downs. But refusing to lever the future, or trying to lever the future by government planning or tradition or any system other than modern finance, leads to overall worse outcomes for everyone. The main reason finance gets blamed so much is that it is ruthlessly honest about its errors, they are acknowledged quickly and spectacularly. I know that opinion is as extreme as the author's, just in the opposite direction.The one question I wish the author would have addressed is how he can work in finance believing what he does. That might have given some subtle shadings to the extreme skepticism. It would also answer another flaw in the book, that the author never admits to learning anything. The actual events of 2007 to 2011 must have had some surprises even to someone who saw it coming as clearly as the author claims to have done. I'm suspicious of someone who finds only confirmation for prior beliefs, you wonder if he is leaving out the stuff that doesn't fit his theories.Overall, this is a great book for financial skeptics and a very good book for the rest of us. In either case, it is improved if you keep the author's stance in mind.
I had been anticipating the release of Hannibal months before its release. I was waiting impatiently at the bookstore the day of the release. The Silence Of the Lambs is one of my all time fave books. I also liked Red  Dragon and Black Sunday. I was not at all disappointed. No, the book isn't  as good as its predecessor, it takes a new direction, so quit comparing it  to the SILENCE. Open your mind, this book takes on twists and turns into  the human psyche unexplored in earlier works. Harris did some amazing  research for his foreign settings also. I love, love the fact that Starling  shows her dark side in this book. Its just good, creepy fun, don't take it  too seriously and you'll enjoy.  Harris is a rather elusive writer and I  think that is his charm, if he churned out books like,say, Stephen King  every week I would lose interest. It is worth waiting 10 years in between  books. Harris, I hope your hard at work on the next installment, I will be  the first to buy it!  Also,what is this horrible news that Jodie Foster  isn't going to be in the film version? Hopkins is returning. Michell  Pfieffer was the original choice to play Starling, and she is THE ONLY  other actress I will accept. If Gillian Anderson plays Starling I think  I'll pass..
Before my daughter was born I started looking into information about elimination communication (infant potty training).  I have been too overwhelmed to start, but this book convinced me that it was time to try.  This book is not a very good how-to manual, but it gives great information about the benefits of early potty training.  For how-to advice I recommend the DVDPotty Whispering: The Gentle Art of Infant Potty Training.  Best of luck!!
I found this self-titled "fieldbook" to be quite valuable as far as it goes.The book is slight, at 200 pages, with lots of checklists, cartoons, etc.And though the info is really good, it seems like an elaboration would have been quite helpful.Having said that, this is my intro to SPIN Selling and perhaps the books MUST be read in sequence?  I imagine so...In any regard, the ICE formula and the S-P-I-N techniques proposed here SHOULD improve all but the best salesperson's results.  Even though I've sold books door-to-door, I know they'll improve mine!This is really advanced selling and will be a big improvement for most new, and even experienced, salespeople.  Even if it feels strange at first, stick with it and it will pay dividends.And if you haven't read either book yet, by all means, start with SPIN Selling first.
Decided to read some of the 'Classics' I skipped when I was younger. Read the whole series of Rabbit books by Updike. Worth the read. Like a trip down memory lane. Lessons to be learned about human behavior, the flaws in all our characters and the need to be less judgmental and more forgiving.
So much has been written about networking that it's hard to see how any book could add to the existing publications. Liz Lynch does review some basic concepts but adds a twist of her own.Some good points:Lynch introduces a networking mindset that many will find helpful. Sure, it's social, she says, but you might as well admit you have goals.I enjoyed her success stories, especially her use of the Blog Squad as an example of trust-building online. (The two have now moved in new, separate directions.) Her discussion of groups is more objective than most.The section on online marketing, especially the use of ezines and social media, is exceptionally thorough and accurate.On the downside, I think it's increasingly difficult to use speaking as a means to build networks. More and more organizations will invite you to speak only if you belong to the organization. Frankly, this approach doesn't make sense.  I would think a group would want to gain information from an expert, who might not be eligible for the group. A group of accountants, for instance, would benefit from hearing a talk by an Internet marketing pro.The only missing topic was a discussion of who will best benefit from which kinds of networking. Lynch mentions that her web designer used BNI. I've found that certain fields benefit from BNI more than others; if your fellow members easily understand your service, and know why it's important, you may do well.Leads groups like BNI almost deserve a separate chapter. Lynch is right when she warns that groups vary a great deal and they're pretty intense. One challenge I had was that I don't necessarily want to recommend fellow group members. And if you're not actively connected to your community, you will have trouble fulfilling your group obligations.And while experts like to claim that anyone can learn to network, I'm convinced that some people are more naturally skilled than others. You need a certain temperament or else a combination of motivation and discipline to learn to act as though you had that temperament. It's easier online because you have time to strategize; you can even hire someone to ghost your networking for you (and it's done all the time).That said, I'd have no qualms about recommending Smart Networking for business and career growth. I rated the book "5 stars" because it's one of the best I've seen on the treacherous subject of networking.
This book is full of lists of ten items about common sense, every day situations.The lists are pretty brief and don't go into much detail, and they almost seem like magazine article snippets, but you can use them to expand on situations in your own life. Using lists or snippets to jog the memory to remain on track.Topics range from health to career to relationships.  I think that this book might be good for a high school graduate who is just starting out in the "real world," but for adults who have any life experience, you will not really learn anything new or astounding.Like many books in this category, I kept asking myself, "Don't most people know this?"  My conclusion is that even many more need to be reminded of the basics.Overall, I liked most of the lists provided and the best 10 lists are shaded grey for convenience.
I will admit I just flipped through it prior to the test, but I have 2 decades of IT experience. It helped to see how the writers of the test saw the world.
Every real estate agent needs to read this book or forget about selling real estate and get a job working for someone else. Gary Keller the founder of Keller Williams Realty has gone to the trouble and expense to really find out what has to be done consistently to become very successful selling real estate in the Unites States full time. It all begins with lead generation. I can't tell you how many agents I personally know that don't understand the concept. The model is leads, listings and leverage; its that simple; the basics are very important. I worked at Keller Williams and really beleive in the company because it is the future of the business. If you are not going to be super successful lead generating then you should not even bother earning your real estate license.I could teach anyone even a nonsales person with no personality how to be successful in real estate; its more then attitude; its a hell of allot of work. I would only hire someone in my office that has read, understands and is able to apply these concepts.
Easy to read, Made well. Classic book for young children.Recommend totally!
A story about a teenager who is in danger of spinning totally out of control before he manages to grow up (boy, is he really screwed up). But he really cares for his little sister. Just when he is about to lose it completely, he gets another grip on life and does not go over the edge, because he realizes his dear little sister would  go down with him. What a relief, you hate see someone destroy himself(not to mention a great little girl).
I loved this novel.  It was beautiful but it was also painful.  This is one of those books where you want to shake the book and yell at one of the characters "don't do that!" or "go back!" or just plainly "do the right thing!".  I found Ian McEwan's writing style amazing. His words allowed me to experience the World War II battlefield and the Dunkirk withdrawal in a way that never occurred in my history classes.This is another novel where I saw the movie first.  It was because of the movie that  Atonement has been on my "to-be-read"  list for a couple of years now.  I'm so glad I finally picked it up to read.  I loved this book!  It is a slow moving book but a deep strong story that I recommend for everyone!
Very informative. Incredible story of how power is wielded in government and how the American people were played by Hoover, riled up over false threats from communism in order to mask other wrongdoing.  Makes me want to read the equivalent 20 years from now, to learn what was really going on in the Bush administration, with the banking industry, etc.
My absolute favorite Nevil Shute novel, and I've read about a dozen of his stories.  I've enjoyed them all, but this is a great read.  If you can't abide the technical jargon that give the protagonist his authenticity, just skip over it... you'll still love Keith and his grand adventure.
This is one of my fave books and I will read it again soon.  Though the ending was not ideal for me, it was a great read.
It's a great book.  I'm super into it.  It's not for everyone but I thoroughly enjoyed it and would recommend it to many people.
Schaum's Outline books are great for additional practice in technical academic material - would recommend for high school and collegiate studies.
This poignant story that is set during WWII is extremely intense.  It has graphic scenes with death and abuse and their aftermaths.  However, kids will be moved by the deep bond between Mr. Tom and Willie and perhaps the story might inspire further reading and research about World War II. The reader has a British accent and a child in the U.S. inner city might not understand the dialogue. It would be best to use this CD while following along with the text.
Love the series.  A continuation of the Game of Thrones stories - twists and turns, disappointments and elated joy, very engrossing.
Nobody ever became great without taking risks and these are just the beginning of plan for your investments in your trading career.
Champy looks at several case studies and draws overarching lessons from them:  never forget the value of a brand and make good use of it( the turnaround of Smith and Wesson); widen your frame to see posssibilites but focus your resulting efforts(MinuteClinic saw the need for people needing a quick medical fix but didn't try to be all things to all people); talk to what you may see as  potential competitors and make them allies(MinuteClinic reached out to hospitals and doctors and educated them on what they did and more importantly did not do);  look to piggy back on an exisitng phenom(a company that started a decorating service for those buying Crocs). He ends up with a good summary of points he has made and reminds us to be flexible, have a bias to action, and to value your gut. The book has easy to read type, lots of bullet points and checkmarks, and a clean and fresh look.
A short and sweet story about a man who confronts retirement, aging and death through a unique plan to help others in the same situation - the organization of the Knights Companions.  Yet he learns that he must eventually face and experience these stages of life.
I have not done any electronics work in 14 years and had lost a lot of my knowledge, this book brought back the ideas quickly. It had also been a while since I programmed in C and this was also a good refresher. I look forward to working my way through the projects in this book. I picked up the Arduino as well as this book for the purpose of working on projects with my 7 year old daughter who has expressed an interest in robotics and the simple explanations in this book have helped me answer my daughter's questions.
When I first heard of this novel, the subject matter sounded uninteresting to me.  Only after a friend strongly recommended it did I give it any consideration at all.  And even then, I waited until there were no other books on my "to read" list before buying a copy.  Well, I wish I hadn't waited so long.  Airframe is a great book!Michael Crichton brings his usual cinematic writing style to Airframe, reinforcing a suspenseful story with a level of technical detail that brings depth and additional interest to the events that take place.  And while the book is primarily focused on an investigation into an airplace accident, which may sound dry and uninteresting, the character interactions and intrigue are more than enough to keep the story moving at a steady pace.  In fact, there was never a point where I felt the momentum lull.As an added plus, I particularly enjoyed Crichton's portrayal of the news media.  I felt that his unforgiving commentary on the motives and methods of television "news" programs was dead on, and in fact has become even more accurate in the years since he wrote this novel.Kudos to Crichton for this one - I would recommend that anyone read Airframe, and do so before they ruin it by turning it into a movie!
When this book was first published in the Uk it received huge praise for it's sensitive and very real portrayal of disabilities. A marvellous book that should be read by everyone and should certainly be required reading in schools.
We first checked this book out at the library.  My child, 2 at the time, giggle and laughed, especially when the dog licks the boy's hand.  We had to buy our own copy. I later used this book with a neighbor boy who was terrified of dogs.  It showed him that the little boy in the book gave the dog a chance and so should he.  It helped a bit.  The writing in the book is easy to follow, on a child's level and the pictures are darling. Highly recommend this book!
The rhyming storyline is cute, but the pictures make the book.  The last page introduces Edwina the emu, so now I have to go out and buy that one, too.
I've given this book to quite a few people as a gift. It's a wonderful exploration of how animals learn -- and how they teach. There are lots of wonderful anecdotes interwoven with information from scientific studies. It's a very fun read as well as an educational one. My paper copy is FILLED with annotations that I've added (on sticky notes, mostly) to note interesting updates that occurred since the book was written, or to mention other things I've found that relate to the material being discussed. This work is accessible to just about anyone, regardless of their education or interests.
this is a literary classic for all time it may have not been written word for word from the original text
This was one of those famous, timeless books (like Code Complete) that I had heard many people talk about, and I finally read it. To be honest it was in my Amazon "Wish List" for several months before I ordered it, but it lived up to the hype.Remember when you first started writing software? Like most people, for me it was a very exciting time and I truly enjoyed learning and trying to push the boundaries of programming. It is a very primal passion that engulfed me, and it is the reason many of us got into this industry. Where did that go? Do you still feel that today? If so, you are one of the lucky ones. In this book, Michael explains how large code bases (that don't have tests around them) can sometimes suck that enjoyment out of our day-to-day tasks, because we slowly develop a fear making changes to this monolithic application because we are worried about what we might break or what expected side-effects fixing a bug or adding a new feature might have. Although we might not typically acknowledge this fear, it is present whether we admit it or not.Sometimes we romanticize the idea of working on "Greenfield" projects, because if we were just able to start from scratch ... this would be much easier and a lot more fun. I have slowly become convinced that isn't the case. There is tedious and unexpected ripples in new projects just like existing projects. This book is dedicated to given practical techniques to remove that fear, and get to a place where you can actually enjoy working in your code base. It is possible, and Michael has the experience and expertise to help you bring your legacy systems under control.I often am weary that books like this that are on "hot" topics like test-driven-development are fluff, and aren't very relevant to my day-to-day real-world code. Not true ... at least not on this book. I would highly recommend this to book to anyone. It is worth the money, time, and effort to read it cover-to-cover. This is probably in my top 5 for technology books in terms of real-world value they provide.To read the full review or find more reviews for technical books, visit [...]
The very same text I had the first time I took Spanish- in 1987!  I'm not using it for a class; I'm just enjoying it for itself, and to keep my hand in. Thanx
My son loves Danny and the Dinosaur.  I was excited to find another book about the two.  What fun they have!
I've read the whole series before and it is well worth getting it on ebooks. Would recommend it to those who enjoy some 'magic'/scifi stories. I plan to read them to our grandkids as they age enough to understand what's what. Enjoy.
This book was so amazing!  The character development is what made this story.  I finished the last page, took a breath, and I turned to page one and read it again.  Great read!!!
Comprised of the memories of some of the surviving twins, this book also includes photographs of them before and after the war -- totally eye-opening.Obviously, this book is incredibly depressing, and for that reason very difficult to get through. However, it was an aspect of World War II about which I hadn't known much before, and suspect that others don't, as well.No matter how much you might hate some ethnic group, I don't see how anyone could be so inhumane as to torture and dismember this way. People are people, no matter what.I always marvel at how these people can go on to live regular lives. I'm sure that once a person experiences such horrifying ordeals, the scars will never go away emotionally -- but even to give the outward appearance of going on? Takes an incredibly brave person.
I loved this little book. It is very educational and the author explains Taoism in such a way everyone can understand and relate to. Sprinkled with recants from the Winnie the Pooh story. How could you not like it?
The acronym IMS stands for IP Multimedia Subsystem, a standard architecture for delivering multimedia services over the Internet. The book "IMS Application Developer's Handbook: Creating and Deploying Innovative IMS Applications" is a thorough guide for developers, architects, and infrastructure teams that want to better understand the IMS framework and how to develop and implement applications within its construct. There are a number of titles on the subject, but "IMS Application Developer's Handbook: Creating and Deploying Innovative IMS Applications" is considered to be the best of class in terms of the breadth of coverage and the completeness of the information included - which spans the entire SDLC arc. This is a well-edited overview that was gleaned from the writings of numerous experts. Although some of the references feel a little dated at this point, the book remains at the top of the heap for IMS professionals.
Steinbeck's book comes with this comment on the back cover: "Each of these self-contained stories is linked to the others by the presence of the Munroes, a family whose misguided behavior and lack of sensitivity precipitate disasters and tragedies." This opinion, which the author of the Introduction seems to endorse, strikes me as a very surface take on the deeper significance of these stories.The Munroes do show up in all of them; but when they do, a bubble of fantasy is punctured. They are the Nemesis principle, the breath of reality, among people lost in delusions and deceptions. Because of it, a man nicknamed Shark loses his social mask and finds his backbone, a father is forced to give up custody of his wild son, another father realizes the wrongness of raising his son in isolated poverty, a woman lets go of the insane daughter she's emotionally dependent on and stands up for her own life, two sisters face a crucial choice about their future, a daughter is given the chance to face her long-lost father...These are not tragedies so much as consequences that puncture the psychic insulation of people living in a kind of Californian Eden. Their stories are not Steinbeck's finest, but they reflect the lucid writing and psychological acumen that characterize his later work.
John Updike will forever be my favorite author. Yes, he's wordy, for lack of better expression, but that is exactly what makes him so great.I love Mr. Updike for his sexism, his 1960's men will be men mentality and his brilliant insight into the lives of his characters.I've read all his books and cherish them.
Great little book to build different projects with the Arduino  unit.  Also gives you ideas of the way the Arduino unit can be used.
The Plantagenet Prelude is yet another Jean Plaidy novel that I throughly enjoyed. It's filled with lust, deceit, anger and jealousy. And to think it's all based on true events.The novel starts off with the beautiful Eleanor of Aquitaine. She's overbearing and lustful, a lover of poetry and romantic song. Upon her father's death, she's marries King Louis of France, who was meek and could not satisfy Eleanor's desires, for he had longed to lead his life in the church. She accompanies Louis on his crusade to the Holy Land and after meeting the Infidel, Eleanor, King Louis and his army rest in Antioch where Eleanor has lustful affairs with two men.After some time, having grown horribly bored with her husband, who loves her more than she could ever know, she beds the next king of England, Henry Plantagenet and is granted the divorce she so longed for. Quickly after, she and Henry marry.Soon after King Stephen of England dies, Henry is crowned King. Eleanor is blissfully happy with her passionate husband, some twelve years her junior. But Henry will soon disappoint her as he is incapable of being faithful. And so, Eleanor's happiness turns into anger. Eleanor is pregnant throughout this book, it seems she has a child every year-give or take. In all, Eleanor bares Henry seven living children! (She had two daughters in her first marriage!)The book turns towards Henry's relationship with his Chancellor, and soon to be Archbishop, Thomas Becket. They have a kinship, but Henry's desire for ultimate power and Thomas's faith in God soon destroys that.Jean Plaidy is a master at bringing the reader into the medieval world, opening many windows and leading us towards a hidden door that begs to be opened!
Not the right place to start off learning the language but definetely a must have for serious Java programmers.The only reason I give it a four is because of its bad paper quality and non-colored presentation.
Having moved myself from a large city to a very small town, I thought Grisham's portrayal the characters you get to know when living in a more intimate setting was right on.  I enjoyed "living in this book."  I was a Grisham fan when he first got started, but was subsequently disappointed in some of his books and stopped reading him.  In The Last Juror he seemed back in stride again.
First and foremost, Thomsett's books are clear, compressive, and easy to follow.  You'll never find yourself confused or dumbfounded by the hardest topics when master author Thomsett teaches them.Thomsett has written options books for the novice before however in this book he focuses on strategies that conservative investors can employ and which ones to avoid.  Often time's equity options are something that are thought and used in high-risk schemes but Thomsett shows their value in how they can be used to reduce risk.While the strategies explained in this book won't and never promise to make you a King's random, (but they could actually save you the same amount). It does provide sound and proven techniques.  It will show how you can use options to hedge and protect gains in your investments.  How you can produce extra income from the stocks you already own.  How you can use your equity or cash balance to produce extra income and buy stocks at a discount.  And most of all, how you can reduce stock risk and create steady capital gains and income from your portfolio.You may not get rich quick but you certainly won't go to the poor house as Thomsett shows you can you reduce your risk and increase your profits in stocks.
Alan Flusser in this book really brings out and shares histhoughts/ ideas on the significance in what to buy accordingto your size and shape and the best place to purchasemens clothing.Certain things that might look good on youmy not look the same on me. Alway Remember,,,,,,,,,,,
Josh Brown does a great job with this book. He provides a first hand look at the workings of the brokerage business. He writes as someone who worked many years as a broker. My understanding of how the business works was increased greatly when I read Backstage Wall Street.I now understand that many brokers are more sales professionals than they are investment experts.
I used this book for Chemistry II (second semester General College Chemistry).  Compared to my first semester text, this is the best text ever.College chemistry is designed to be difficult, the books shouldn't be.  My 1st textbook talked and discussed as if we were Master's student's majoring in chemistry... not freshman.This text speaks generally in ENGLISH and not in Chemistry jargon like so many textbooks do.You won't get all the unneccessary information that many other texts have, and the author's seem like they actually want you to learn chemistry... not a common idea in chemistry texts or by professors.Of course, as with any college level text, a basic high school chemistry course is recommended before taking or reading this text...Enjoy!!!
I've seen several movies and television shows that cover the Titanic, so I thought I had little to learn from this book.  I was surprised that there was information in this book that I had not heard before.  I also enjoyed matching the things I read in this book to the movies I've seen.  I really enjoyed reading this on my Kindle.
We were just thrilled to have someone tip us off to the Betsy Tacy series. I read them to my 7 and 5 year old girls and they love them. The 40's live on and teach us that little girls will forever be fun and imaginative when given the chance to play and be together. Turn off the TV and games and get into this series and this book.
When I was younger, this is the first book I read where there was so much true uncertainy around the characters' fates. So when I started teaching, I sought this book out. The story vividly captures the difficulties and perils colonists faced to come to the New World.
This handbook falls into the category of &#34;as a mechanical engineer, if it is not in here you don't need to know it.&#34;
was a gift for my Grandchild, I loved the Mrs. piggle wiggle books when I was a little girl! Hope my Grandchildren feel the same
The book is good.  I had a bit of a struggle with the antiquated way Kipling writes. It is very descriptive, but not as straightforward sentence and paragraphs as modern writers use.  Worth the read.
This is one of the early, basic  and 'starter' Seth books. A great paradigm of reality and information, which will broaden your horizons.
Straight-forward, crisply articulated and with practically no unnecessary fluff, Mike Shanahan's book, &quot;Think Like a Champion,&quot; compellingly argues that the game of life is basically won or lost before the &quot;players&quot; take the field.  Shanahan asserts his point of view over sixteen easy-to-digest chapters (each about ten pages or less) on the diffent tenets of becoming the best at what you do.What I liked about this book is that while the author culls specific examples from his football career, the &quot;moral of the story&quot; is clearly applicable to ANYONE seeking to become the best in any endeavor.  Offering an excellent, enjoyable read to both sports enthusiasts and non enthusiasts alike, the author's writing style is to neither excessively arm-wave nor make unsupported generalizations.In fact, part of the Shanahan's credibility here is in his willingness to name names when providing examples of people living up to a credo espoused in a given chapter or more dramatically, falling short.Written with humility, Shanahan's book leaves the reader feeling that there is nothing magical to becoming a huge success -- other than having a plan and putting in the blood, sweat and tears required to make that plan a success.  Or as the author concludes, citing legendary coach Vince Lobardi, &quot;Your quality of life is in direct proportion to your commitment to excellence.&quot; So true.
great book to have if you already write proposals and a good intro and learning tool if you will be writing them.
Reading this book, then reading &#34;My Own Country&#34; has introduced me to Abraham Verghese who is a wonderful story teller. I highly recommend &#34;Cutting for Stone.&#34;
Author Frank L. Baum wrote a whole string of stories that continued the epic begun in "The Wizard of Oz."  The first sequel, "The Marvelous Land of Oz", has been translated into a quality graphic novel, courtesy of Marvel Comics, adapter Eric Shanover, and artist Skottie Young.As the story opens, we meet the young boy Tip, the unhappy but plucky servant of the witch Mombi.  Tip borrows some magic from the witch to conjure up Jack Pumpkinhead, a living scarescrow.  Tip and Jack will escape from the witch and make their way to the Emerald City, with the aid of a wooden saw horse.  There, they find Dorothy's old friend the Scarecrow, King of Oz and about to be overthrown by a mutiny of the females of Oz.  The three will flee Oz to seek safety with Scarecrow's old companion the Tin Woodman.  Their journey will eventually bring them all back to the Emerald City, where a twist ending will reveal the true ruler of Oz..."The Marvelous Land of Oz" is very highly recommended as excellent entertainment to readers of all ages.
When you bring value to the world around you, you feel good about yourself, you feel successful. This was not the book I thought I was getting into, and that was good.I have read tons of self help type books and this is different in a good way. This is more of a guide book than a self help book. A who are you really book. Once you find out who you are, is that the person you want to be, or intended on being, if not here is how to fix that and be on your way to who you want to be according to your values and desires.Very interesting, and much more that expected. I wish everything in life was that way. You will not regret reading this book for a second. You dont even have to read from cover to cover. Pick a few pages and you will always find something that is useful or at least makes you think on it.Lots of great advice for real world application, not just theory.
Have only started but already appreciate the wealth of info about maps and charting and exactly how accurate &#34;accurate&#34; is.  Before the intro I assumed a chart was a chart of absolute truth, had not considered all that goes into its production and the degree to which you still have to rely on what you see and what you or others &#34;know.&#34;  Anxious to get further in.
How did Cicero, an country lawyer become a Roman Consul?  Harris has written a superb easily understandable account.  The story is told by Tiro, Cicero's talented slave and assistant (Tiro invented the shorthand).  Tiro written account of Cicero's life never survived beyond the 6th century.  Harris does an admirable job describing Cicero's and Tiro's lives with historical accuracy.Harris' knowledge of Rome in the period 70 BC is so extensive that he effortlessly recreates the time period with authority and authenticity.  Cicero's initial claim to fame was his prosecution of a powerful noble, Gaius Verres, for corruption and extortion. This prosecution required real political courage, and at the same time he had to compromise some of his principles to achieve victory.  He used this victory to rise up the ladder of power.  Usually in order to become a Consul one needs either money or connections or military victories.  Cicero had none of these and this makes his feat truly remarkable.Our founding fathers read Cicero and the history of the Roman empire and Greek civilization to formulate our laws.  One feels right at home reading about special prosecutors, corrupt senators, ruthless businessman and cut throat lawyers.  What happened in 70 BC was no different from what is happening in the modern era.  I now understand Roman civilization now more than I ever had previously and I also can see how it was destroyed by power hungry men such as Caesar who showed contempt for Roman law.
In an unnamed country (similar to Norway) during World War II, a German sympathizer lures local men and the town's twelve soldiers into the forest long enough for the Germans to take the town. They occupy the home of the mayor as a sign of their power and commandeer the local coal mine. Mayor Orden has never before been a brave or very forceful man, but he is not a fool, and while he tries to keep order in the town, as the Germans demand, he refuses to use the power of his office to betray the ideals of his people. Soon the locals begin to sabotage everything the Germans can use to prolong the war.The narrative is dramatic, full of conversation and containing minimal description, which gives it the feeling of a simple morality tale. Steinbeck depicts the German soldiers, at first, as almost bumbling--organized, to be sure, but basically human, showing footsoldiers getting homesick, seeking understanding of the orders they must fulfill, complaining about the weather, and wondering if their mail will arrive on time. Gradually, as Berlin exerts more and more pressure to take out the coal, the German occupiers must impose more drastic measures. Local resistance becomes more violent in response: soldiers disappear and are found dead in snowbanks, small explosions blow up rail lines, and the miners have "accidents" which prevent the coal from being removed. Even the arrest of Mayor Orden and Doctor Winter cannot force the citizens to give in to tyranny.Though the novel was published in 1942 expressly for "propaganda" in Europe's occupied countries (where it was quickly translated and disseminated secretly), it is a good story which transcends its original purpose and, as a result, it continues to find an audience. The depiction of the Germans as ordinary but flawed humans--"herd men who win the battles"--rather than as terrifying monsters, makes their defeat seem possible. Depicting the townspeople as resourceful but ordinary--"free men who win the wars"--rather than as heroes, makes their resistance seem a natural, and victory seem possible.Though the characters are shallow, Mayor Orden does grow and change, and his references to Plato's defense of Aristotle in a crucial conversation with Doctor Winter put the relationship of the individual to authority into a wider context. Simple, direct, concise, and humane, this may be the most effective piece of mass propaganda ever written. Mary Whipple
There were some interesting reaches in this novel to get you connected to the characters. I had a hard time thinking that all of these events could happen in one novel, but they made for a great page turner. The twins were, perhaps, the most interesting as they led the reader down a predictable career goal choice, but also exposed with passion their weaknesses and strengths. Clearly, Verghese has convinced this reader that putting the patient first in all ways is the key to successful doctoring. Check out Verghese's Facebook page with regard to this &#34;patient first&#34; practice. I will read his other books and expect to be as connected to them as I as to this wonderful story. Again, the character development was the prize in this novel. You'll love them, hate them, be disappointed in them and hope to meet them again in another Verghese novel.
This is, in a sense, a difficult book to read. Actually, it draws you in, compelling you to move through the experiences of its protagonist. Yet you are living vicariously the difficult life of a prisoner reviled by the authorities who, even though they know of his innocence, want to see him suffer for his presumed faith.Yakov Bok was born poor, a Jew who grew disenchanted with his faith and, hence, considered himself an independent thinker. Yet he cannot shake his birthright and, to his continuing frustration, must live in a society (early 20th Century Russia) that reviles Jews. Malamud thoroughly explores the repugnant and widespread philosophy of the time that tends to cast blame on Jews for most (or all) societal problems.Anxious to better himself, after his wife leaves him, he leaves his little village for the city. A chance event causes him to offer assistance to a gentleman in trouble. This leads to a real job where he makes more money than he's ever earned. However, it also requires that he live in a quarter where Jews are forbidden to live. His only real break with his honest nature is to hide his Jewish identity. But, his loyalty to his employer also brings a threat of retribution from a key employee, who ends up causing Bok's downfall.Bok is accused of the ritual murder of a young boy. He becomes the accused partly because the general wisdom was that the murderer had to be a Jew, and partly because his junior employee was anxious to turn him in. For that, he spends two years in prison in the barest, most horrible conditions, before charges are ever brought. Yet he resists every attempt by the prosecuting authorities to get him to confess.You see him grow in terms of his personal moral strength, even as he pleads for better conditions. Several related events that come to his attention serve to spiral him further into the depths of his despair, but also seem to eventually bring him more spiritual strength.As I said, a difficult, but compelling read that brings a genuine perspective on the historical realities of the day along with a searching investigation of inner spirit.
I listened to the audio book version of this and if you get a chance I would highly recommend that you listen to it, the narrator was amazing.This is a book about a love triangle and to be honest I was highly doubtful I would even like it but after the reviews I read I had to at least try. This love triangle is different then most you have read about because this one involves a woman, her husband, her lover and God. She wants to believe in god but her lover and her husband don't believe there is a god. The book is written from her very jealous lovers point of view.It has been a long time if at all I have read an author with such amazing writing talent. Graham Greene is a genius and I can't wait to read more of his books. There were so many times that I paused to just think about something that was said. Often you find "filler" in books but there was not one word wasted here a rare talent. One of the best books I have ever read, highly recommended.
This was a good book.  Not a typical John Grisham book, so at times I would forget who the author was and then come across something and think that reminds me John Grisham.
I absolutely loved this ebook.  It was very hard to put down, I wanted to just keep reading and reading.  It was so very touching and made me cry several times.  I have worked in the medical field and have a degree as a PA. This story would have been very informative while I was studying but that was a longggggg time ago.  How intricate the feelings were of each character.  I especially like Ghosh and Hema for their love and compassion toward the "boys".  The ending was as I hoped it to be.  So much heartache and so many unspoken words for too long.  Love of one's own, and it was so long coming.  I want to now read the other books the author has written.  I am sure they will be good.  If you are wondering whether or not to read this please do it is so full of emotion and goodness.
I haven't had much time to delve into this book so I am still learning. I also have no one around me interested enough to use this language with so help with my fluency. I have learned the alphabet so can spell most words. All the information is here in front of me I just need to sit down and use the book.
I first read this novel in college. That was forty years ago. Ever since, I have always had a copy of Salinger's novel in my library. I think about it every so often.The difference between this book and other books is the immediacy of the writing. From the famous first sentence,  Holden Caulfield  talks to you as a real confidant. You are immediately his best friend.  He confidies his private thoughts to you without any hesitation as to your relationship to him.  There is an unspoken conclusion that he needs you to talk to. And he needs you now.David Copperfield, which opens with that other famous first sentence, addresses you formally. His verbs are properly conjugated. and his diction is polished. David does not get close to you. He tells you his story from the podium.Holden sits right next to you, leans against you, and talks to you.  He language is informal and his diction is not so great. You don't care. Suddenly, someone is confiding in you. You want to hear him out.That is why the novel works. Holden immediately accepts you, blemishes and all, as his best friend. He tells you his story even though he just met you. He is a stranger confiding in you.Thomas Hardy tells a good story. He converses plainly and directly to the reader. Dickens addresses the reader. Salinger confides in the reader. This is the immediacy of the novel.That is the difference between this book and the others. We all want to be someone's confidant.
As has been said, nothing is certain but change. And with increased transportation and communications the business world is changing faster than it ever has before. With changes of this magnitude and frequency, it is likely that the traditional slow moving companies of the past are indeed a thing of the past.Two Examples:We've all watched the AT&T; breakup as then president Bob Allen traded the breakup of the corporation for permission to enter the computer business. The AT&T; companies failed to understand how to make the move to an open competitive environment and this has been reflected in their stock prices.There was a time when the computer industry was characterized by the term "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" -- IBM and Univac, Burroughs, NCR, DEC, CDC, GE and RCA. Where are these companies now, the industry is Microsoft, Intel and the companies that implement their technologies.Such changes will happen in the future. The internet, the collapse of the two superpower world, the emergence of the European Common market, the changing world of Islam, rising Government intervention and more.Successful transition will require flexibility and foresight. Without making any guarantees, this book at least points out how to approach the problems.
THE BAT - the first inspector Harry Hole novel - is about a Norwegian cop who travels to Australia to investigate the grisly murder of a Norwegian female living abroad in Sydney. Harry, working with the Sydney police, soon realizes that he's hunting a serial killer and people on the police force and in the community know a lot more than they're willing to talk about.This was my first time reading Jo Nesbo and to be honest the first half of the book moved kind of slow and seemed to drag on. There was a lot of backstory on various topics: racism in Australia against aborigines, the gay population and neighborhoods in Sydney, and tidbits from the past about Harry and various other characters that he meets - but there wasn't much progress or action regarding the murder investigation. However, about halfway through the book the pacing suddenly picks up and the author melds all those backstories into one strong narrative that finishes as a terrific mystery / thriller.There's a lot to like in this book - the writing is outstanding, the dialogue is sharp (especially considering it's a translation from the original work), and there's some great insight into human nature and motivations. It's a very cerebral book - the protagonist, flaws and all, struggles against his demons and makes some serious mistakes along the way, but he doesn't luck or back into a solution. It's not a neat and tidy, everything falls miraculously into place type book with a happy ending - it's dark with plenty of twists that lead Harry to observe: "Human nature is a vast, dark forest."All in all, it's a great book and I look forward to reading the other books in the series.
After writing my review of Sir Templar's other book "The Rules of Work", I scoured the Net looking for this one. Unfortunately, it hadn't been released in the U.S. at that time. I stumbled upon it and immediately snatched it up!Once more, Templar has laid down the rules of workplace conduct and strategy in a concise, direct, and easy-to-digest manner that stresses points simply while never insulting the reader. All of the ideas in this book have been published in other books by other writers, but this book culls it all together in one very portable resource which easily makes this one of the highest cost:value ratios out there!I might sound like a zealot, but try and you'll understand why I'm so enthusiastic about Templar's books!
I bought this book because it was one of my favorites when I was little and I wanted to be able to share it with my kids today. It's a great story and brought back a lot of memories. Even though Harry is a lovable dog, he doesn't always do things the right way and ends up upsetting people, which is a great opportunity to talk to kids about the right way to do things vs. the wrong way. The illustrations are great and funny, too.

The author has been there and done that, no doubt.  This story is not for the casual reader.  Serious stuff goes down in the story, and some of the story made me very uncomfortable as it should have. O'Brien is a brilliant writer, but tends to ramble it seems.  The "reach-back" threads are at time at the limit of that "leap-of-faith" needed for consistancy.  Still, the book is a great read.
This is a hilarious book. if you've never read it, I hightly recommend it!  I bought it as a gift for a friend.
Pun intended.  Great book for at least two reasons: (1) if you're a gun lover, there is a lot to love in the book's gun and ballistics details, and (2) if you love a good thriller, it satisfies that.  Hunter is a great writer.  I liked Third Bullet better, but this is still a great read with a lot of educational gun info included.
Ginny Redish's "Letting Go of the Words" deserves to be on the shelf of anyone who writes web content. No, not on the shelf. Keep this book on your desk for immediate handy reference. It is thorough, practical, and cogent. As a veteran writer and editor, Redish has solid credentials that she applies to the new world of "grab and go" Internet communication. This book underscores how we all think in new ways because of the Internet -- without even realizing it. And it offers valuable lessons for creating clear messages, both online and offline.
Everything you wanted to know about CorelDraw X6 and more.  It speaks volumes for the expert and newbe.  Thanks for the quick delivery.
I read this book right after I finished with the Tao of Pooh (which is far better). I was going to give it 3.5 stars, but chose 4 since it contains quite a number of insights and wisdom.I found the author got off track by deviating into his comments on politics and how he thought a country should be run. For me that sidetrack quite spoiled the good flow of the book and distracts the focus on Taoism--which the Tao of Pooh book did so well.  Nevertheless, I believe it's worth a read if you don't have a top priority book on your list.
First of all, this is a thoughtfully-designed textbook that feels current and modern, having been published only in 2007.  The pages are the most colorful and lively of any text I've seen, and each chapter is filled with a huge variety of exercises, readings, and cultural notes. I particularly enjoyed the numerous readings on Portuguese-speaking countries and cities, and I appreciate that the authors have made a big effort to include lusophone Africa and Asia into the cultural mix, in addition to the many regions of Brazil and Portugal. The cultural focus is on the entire Portuguese-speaking world, and it makes for a very worldly introduction to Portuguese, though when it comes to the language itself, only two variants are differentiated: Brazilian and European. Where differences exist, the two dialects are presented side by side. There is no specific discussion of the African portuguese dialects besides what is contained in the cultural notes.The grammar explanations are in English and are among the most thorough and contemporary explanations I have found in any Portuguese text (with the exception of John Whitlam's Modern Portuguese Grammar, in a class by itself), with plenty of useful examples that highlight the differences between Brazilian and European/African usage.As an independent learner not using this book as part of a class, there are some difficulties I've found in using Ponto de Encontro. The exercises are varied but weighted heavily toward interaction in groups, which is not much use if you're studying alone. I have been making better use of the accompanying student activities manual, which includes more written exercises.  The publisher's website also includes a good number of audio listening exercises. But for self-study exercises, I think a book like Falar, Ler, Escrever is more useful. And as with any text designed for classroom use, the grammar is sprinkled throughout the thematic chapters, so it can be difficult to use the text as a reference or work through it at a more accelerated pace.One problem - one that plagues most textbooks, it seems - is that there is little discussion of "usage". The differences between formal written and informal spoken Portuguese are vast, and they are multiplied by the vaster regional differences among the lusophone countries. Many times the student will encounter two or three ways of saying the same thing, and the book does a reasonable job of differentiating the European/African variants from the Brazilian variants. But it's still disappointing to see "h&aacute;" presented as the primary way of saying "there is/are", when the vast majority of Brazilians would say "tem". I think usage can only be absorbed by interacting with a native speakers, so it's probably up to a teacher or tutor to impart these more sophisticated aspects of the vernacular, and I don't fault the book too much for this, especially given its worldly focus.
Once in awhile I'll be so captivated by a non-fiction book that I want to know more about the author or people in the story. One example was Helene Hanff and her marvelous story about her multi-decade correspondence with a bookshop in England, 84 Charing Cross Road (and there is a film version of it too!). Basically, this is a collection of letters that the author wrote to a bookshop in London ... over the course of several decades. The bookshop helped to feed her reading habit, and the unusual correspondence cemented a unique bond between the two parties. The book starts off a bit slow, but very quickly you'll become engrossed in this wonderful postal relationship. Funny and moving.
Seriously, this is a great book. I came across it in a bin at my son's playgroup, and I ordered it as soon as I got home. This book is fun, and it appeals to my 3-yr-old as well as my 1-yr-old. Now my son  (3) has a rough idea of what the earth looks like, what space is, what a space shuttle is, and what astronauts wear and eat. My daughter still just likes the high-contrast pictures.
You'll be asking yourself this question after reading The Social Media Strategist by Christopher Barger.As the former Director of Global Social Media at General Motors along with earning the title of IBM's "Blogger-in-Chief", Barger has a proven track record of implementing and driving effective social media solutions in a number of organizations and industries. In his book, the author presents a guide for any professional that needs to implement a social media strategy for their organization while successfully meeting internal demands and expectations.I'd like to state upfront that I was a little leery about this book, expecting a rehashing of suggested best practices for implementing social media at the enterprise level. However, I was happily disappointed.The Social Media Strategist argues that implementing a successful social media strategy in any organization involves two different employees: the Evangelist and the Executive Champion.Barger defines the Evangelist as the individual responsible for strategy creation in addition to representing the organization on their social channels. This position is much like a typical Community Manager, however, they are actual evangelists in terms of converting true believers (e.g. internal and external customers) in their efforts.Complementing this position is the Executive Champion. This individual is an organizational leader who understands the benefits of social media and works to create and manage opportunities for the Evangelist. Having implemented social media strategies at various levels in a number of industries, I could not agree more with this concept.It seems like a no-brainer, but I believe the key takeaway here is that the Evangelist & Executive Champion partnership is vital to securing system-wide buy-in for social media in addition to maintaining strong and proactive communication between departments.I guess it could be argued that this concept would only benefit larger companies hampered by internal politics, but I beg to differ. Regardless of size, no company operates in a vacuum.What I mean by this is that for any organization to be successful, it is important that a complimentary and productive relationship exists between the "front lines" and the corner office. Harnessing social media should not be different.
If you are looking for a straight to the point security book, Inside the Security Mind makes for a very good read.Day takes a holistic view of network security and uses that methodology to forge a system to approaching computer security and risk.Inside the Security Mind: Making the Tough Decisions takes a high level approach to security.  If you are looking for details on how to secure Active Directory or similar; this is not the book.  But if you are looking to find out how to determine the risk of deploying  Active Directory or similar technology in a large-enterprise, Inside the Security Mind shoes the way in which to approach that endeavor.Overall, Inside the Security Mind is a very readable reference.  It is light on acronyms, fluff and filler (the dirge of many security books) and heavy on methodology and direction.If you are interested in determining how to deal with security and risk for your enterprise network, Inside the Security Mind is a good place to start.While the full title is Inside the Security Mind: Making the Tough Decisions; after reading the book, making the tough security decisions won't be so difficult.
It took me 25 years to get around reading this masterpiece of American fiction and I'm sorry it took so long:  I was bowled over.  Toole was a literary genius and this comical farce is a testament to his brilliance.  The central character is Ignatius Reilly, who is a unique literary creation.  You can look high and low through all of literature and you won't find another character like Ignatius:  he is a singularity.  Toole brings most of the major characters into the story in the first 20 pages.  And the dialogues are so good that you always know what character is speaking.  The story takes place in New Orleans and Toole captures the subtleties of dialect within the city.And it is a great city to host this zany adventure.  Ignatius is a disciple of the great Late Antiquity philosopher, Boethius, except that Ignatius lives in the 20th century!  in New Orleans!  The Wheel of Fortune, a concept important to Boethius, spins and Ignatius finds himself harassed by the police, working for a sinking pants-maker, and selling hot dogs on the streets of New Orleans.  But it isn't just characters (Burma Jones is a creation of genius) and good dialogue that make this book work.  Toole laces the tale with short, seductive descriptions of people and places.  A classic (in my mind) is when he describes Lana, the owner of The Night of Joy bar, fondling money she's received for selling pornographic pictures.  Toole describes her as a priestess holding the host (here a coin) and raising it heavenward as smoke from her cigarette (this takes place on a bar counter) curls up like incense in a medieval rite.One important subplot is the love story - if you can call it that - of Ignatius and a radical girlfriend, Myrna.  Ignatius's actions are in large part motivated by his desire to impress Myna.  But beware, this is unlike any love story you'll find anywhere else.  Don't wait 25 years to plunge into this grand farce like I did.  Experience a classic and get ready to chuckle.
This novel was a breath of nostalgic fresh air to me, and I realized this is what I've been missing.  I'm tired of overwrought prose (some literary fiction feels like it tries so hard) and plot twist after contrived plot twist (Dan Brown et al) and laundry lists of trendy shoes and boutiques (chick lit in general).  What I want is a good story, believable, well-told, with enough characterization and well-placed description to transport me somewhere and make me believe that something interesting actually happens.  This reminds me of when I was a child and a book was so good you stayed up late to read it.  I'll be looking for more Graham Greene for my bookshelf.
This book succeeds tremendously in presenting each battle on its own.  The raw, terrible face of war is shown.  I was most fascinated by the portrayal of Agincourt (especially since I saw Branaugh's Henry V on TV a couple  months later, giving an interesting contrast), but the other battles are  also gripping accounts.  My disappointment was the comparison between the  battles.  These parts didn't seem to be as insightful as they are in  Keegan's other works that I've read.  This doesn't detract from the  enjoyment, and this book from any other author would garner 5 stars.  From  Keegan, with his pedigree, I can only give it 4 stars.  Still highly  recommended.
Saul Bellow was one of the most critically lauded authors in the latter half of the 20th century, receiving numerous awards including a Pulitzer and a Nobel Prize in Literature. Unless you have a proper contextual understanding of the author and his work, however, you may wind up like some of the unfortunate readers here, spouting off in an uninformed 1-star review about how depressing and uneventful his stories are. Bellow's savage psychological and philosophical explorations might not appeal to everyone's taste, but those who 'get it' certainly reap the rewards. I suggest perhaps reading a few articles on Bellow (or at least his Wikipedia page) before diving into Seize the Day. This novella is an excellent starting point for newcomers.I just finished listening to the audiobook edition of this work, and I am extremely pleased with it. Read by Grover Gardner, the novella's characters simply come to life. The corrupt Dr. Tamkin and the spiteful Dr. Adler are presented it all their glory, New York/Jewish accents and all. Play time is 4 hours. Give it a try.
As usual, the work was beautiful.  The rhythm, the tone, the mystery, the characters ...... all wonderful.  I love his novels and definitely was not disappointed by these short stories.
I was trained in "Words Their Way" last school year 2008-2009. This school year a third-grade teacher was using(The 4th-Edition "Words Their Way": Word Study for Phonics, Vocabulary, and Spelling Instruction). I wanted a copyfor myself, so I went on Amazon and found one.  Now I can read this manual whenever I want.This book wasn't brand new, but it seems to be new.  There are no problems with the manual. The manual has the CD/DVDis still intact. I am very pleased with this manual. Thank you for offering this book.
This is a great book for helping any sailor, both novice or expert, about what it takes to sail coastal or offshore water.  In depth knowledge of boat systems, what should be and not be on your boat and what to look for in a cruising boat.  You can't do much better if you're looking for a book about blue water sailing.
This book explains Vygotsky's approach to child development! It is easy to read and easy to understand! While Vygotsky is not my favorite child development theorist, this book does a wonderful job at making everything come together and make sense! Highly recommend to anyone working with children!
[...]Book Review: Broken Wings by Kahlil GibranThe book: is merely 95 pages.The theme: a philosophical love storyThe characters: Kahlil Gibran - the author Selma Keremy - his beloved (he loved her, she loved him but still they could not marry and she refused to run away with him after her marriage with Mansour Bey) Farris Effandi Keremy - Selma's father Mansour Bey Galib - A wolf in the cover of a man (Bishop's nephew) Bishop Bulos Galib - A bishop but another wolf (still found in our society)Story This book can be termed as an autobiography of first and last love of Kahlil Gibran the great philosopher who met a girl named Selma Keremy at Beirut, Lebanon. This was love at first sight. Selma is a young beautiful girl of Beirut who is as still as a Pond, as deep as an Ocean, as lively as Life. The story starts when Kahlil is just 18 and finishes when he is 23. Kahlil goes to Lebanon for an outing and meets his father's old pal Farris Effandi Keremy. Farris is quite old age and very gentle and kind and has lost his wife when Selma was in her adolescent stage. He invites Kahlil to his house. One evening Kahlil goes there and meets a beautiful girl Selma who is Farris's daughter.Selma is as gentle and kind as her father. Bishop Bulos Galib is a powerful man in the local society who controls the locales as he wishes. For name sake he is a Bishop but he is a very cunning and wrong doing person. He has a nephew, Mansour Bey Galib, living with him and following his footsteps. Infact Mansour is one step ahead than his uncle. He enjoys wine, girls and all evil doings of the society. Kahlil got stuck to Selma's beauty and calmness and it is "love at first sight".One evening when Kahlil is sitting at Farris's house, Bishop's man comes to take away Farris as Bishop wants to talk to him on an important issue. Farris tells Kahlil to take care of Selma till he comes back. Kahlil notices both the faces turning pale at the arrival of Bishop's man there. Kahlil and Selma sit in her garden and don't talk much but Kahlil understands that they both are driven by Bishop to some of his ill wishes. When Farris comes back, he tells Kahlil that Bishop wants Selma to be married to Mansour who everyone knows is a bad character. Marriage happens although none of them is happy about it. Farris dies. Selma is childless for five years. And after five years she gives birth to a beautiful boy who dies as soon as he takes birth. Selma also dies. At one moment after Selma's marriage, Kahlil proposes Selma to run away with him to get rid of the tortures of Mansour and Bishop. But she refuses and says - "A BIRD WITH A BROKEN WING CAN'T FLY TOO FAR"My Views & what did I feel after reading it This is a plain, cool, calm, quite, gentle, tendering, smooth and refreshing love story with a sad end. One dies at the end of the story and is buried, other also dies but lives and delivers the meaning to World. This world is too small but still it takes years to find out your true love. This life is too small but this book teaches you how to make your each moment remarkable and memorable. This book tells you how to express yourself without uttering a word and how to listen to the silence. It tells you what does the word "Beloved" means and the meanings of Happiness and Sorrow. It tells how easy it is to understand the true Love and how difficult sometimes it becomes to hold it.It tells Love is like Air, you can't hold it in your hands. You can inhale it inside you, but can't hold it, it goes inside you, generates life in you and goes out. Love is not in acquiring, it is not a kingdom or game that you need to win, but it is a feeling.  It is more in GIVING than TAKING or EXPECTING. Kahlil shares his pure thoughts in this book, and thus reading this book carefully and attentively is important. Reading it twice is recommended as it is the second time when I read it and found lot of important words & thoughts I noticed I had skipped in the first go. Who should read & What will you get If you know the meaning of LOVE, check it out if your version matches with Kahlil's. And if you don't know the meaning of LOVE, check it out, and get the best of the meanings of Love defined on this Mother Earth.[...]
I love this book. It not only has ways to cure your animals ailments without harmful drugs but recipes to keep your pets healthy and looking their best! I'll take this anyday over expensive vets and harmful drugs.
This book is like a true roller coaster ride with the dynamics going on between the women (Womens Murder Club) really showing intensity --The issues and complexity going on between the women, as they deal with crimes going on, put a real strain on the closeness of their relationship. This book makes for a most interesting read! As always, with the 4 ladies in the Womens Murder Club I was truly drawn into the story and, getting past the &#34;chick issues&#34; I enjoyed it very much. I recommend it indeed
OUT by Natsuo Kirino (Kodosha, 2003)OUT is one of those novels that without the award nomination (the Edgar Award for best novel), would never be brought to the attention of the mystery community in the US. The combination of the small press putting out a very very long translated book is often a formula for disaster. It is a tribute to the Edgar committee that they discovered this gem and gave it the recognition it so deserves.OUT is the story of four women living in the Tokyo suburbs. What they have in common is that they all work the nightshift in a food packaging plant. All have very different but highly troubled lives. Masako Katori, separated from her husband and living with an alienated and troubled son is lonely and bored. Kuniko Jonouchi is in major trouble with loan sharks in that she insists on living well above her means. Yoshie Azuma, a widow stuck into the role of caretaker of an invalid mother-in-law has two troubled daughters and Yayoi Yamamoto living with two small children and saddled with an abusive husband who gambles away what precious little they have. All their lives get overturned when, in a fit of rage, Yayoi strangles her husband and asks Masako to dispose of the body. She agrees and with the help of the others, they must do all they can to avoid suspicion falling on themselves. This proves highly difficult when the loan sharks haunting Kuniko find out the truth.Natsuo Kirino has written one of the most original works of the year. It is character rich with a plot so clever that in spite of the length, the pacing moves relatively rapidly. This is not a perfect work, however. Too much minutiae tends to get in the way of the story progression. Black humor takes over and might remind some readers of the tale of SWEENEY TODD. A major problem with this otherwise carefully written work is the suboptimal conclusion which is the most unrealistic part of the book and proves to be highly unsatisfying.
Who would think that a story about twins born to a nun in Ethiopia would become one of my all time favorite books???This book is very unique in story [some of my friends said that it took about 30 pages to get interested]and extremely well written. Most of the characters are endearing and quite unforgettable. The story line is the same written with unusual medical knowledge and sensitivity to the character development. It takes the reader on a roller coaster of feelings as we follow the lives of the twins, their family and the historical events that occur as they grow and mature.If you enjoy strong character development, excellent writing, and learning about a different culture that ultimately takes you to the USA, tension filled situations and love interests, you will agree with me that is a very exceptional book.
How can a book contain so many disturbing, even highly distasteful elements, yet remain so intoxicating and intriguing? Such things from a lesser writer and I would have thrown the book across the room. But with this one I could not. I was compelled. Marquez is part poet, part magician. It is the only explanation I can find.  And in spite of itself, this story leaves you with a feeling almost akin to reverence. Reverence for romantic love even in very old age.
Very good book, it was very interesting, has a lot of pictures and historical information that it was very handy in the class that I need it for in college. Would also recommend book for leisure reading and knowledge as well
I have loved the Laura Ingalls Wilder books for over 50 years.  The true stories of the childhood of a frontier girl in America they are the books upon which the very successful television series was based.  They are true children's classics and should be required reading for every little girl and boy.  During the recent visit of my young niece I realized that my set had been borrowed and never returned.  They had to be replaced immedaitely since they are wonderful to read to children, along with children or on your own when you just need a short dip into something interesting and relaxing.  This is a nice, inexpensive display set and a perfect gift for boy or girl 8 and older.
This book is easily one of the best novels I have ever read. Survivor is just as good as Fight Club, both are equally entertaining. Palahniuk paints vivid characters and settings with his words, you do not have to struggle to imagine who or what he incorporates into his books. This book takes aim with religious fanatics and the obsession over the apocalypse. Chuck Palahniuk offers refreshing and new ways of looking at the world, and Survivor definately does not disappoint. I do not want to give away details of the book, because I cannot do it justice. Try this book, sit back and relax as you enjoy what is going on in the mind of this talented writer.
This was one of the first books I ever readIn my late 30's I still had a copy.A story about a small cat who starts outchasing other cats and being mean.He is adopted by a Fire Stationand becomes The Fire CatOne day he rescues a small kittenand becomes a good cat.This is still my favorite book ever!
This book is for both the new investor or the "experienced"  investor.  Note that "Experienced" is in quotations.  One of the pitfalls of investing is that we have a tendency to think we are smarter and wiser than we actually are. This is a reality check.  Just when you think you know what your doing , this book takes you through the pitfalls and causes you to stop and think about what you are doing.  I would recommend it to anyone who is investing in the market.  Read it even if you have a financial advisor.  Remember...if advisors were as smart as they think they are, they'd be billionaires.  It will save you far more money than the cost of the book.
If I said that "The Time Traveler's Wife" was a non-conventional love story with time travel, that description would not come close to accurately describing this novel.  It is a non-conventional love story with time travel at its heart, but the novel is so much more than that, and it is also different.  Clare met Henry when she was 6 and he was 38.  When Henry met Clare, he was 28 and she was 20.  How is such a thing possible?  Henry is afflicted with what will come to be called Chrono Displacement Disorder.  Or, to put it plainly: involuntary time travel.  Ever since he was a child Henry has involuntarily time traveled when he is in a period of great emotional stress.  He doesn't know why, or how.  When Clare meets Henry for the first time, he has known Clare for years and he knows that they will marry when she is older (and he is younger).  When Henry meets Clare for the first time, she has known an older Henry all of her life.  "The Time Traveler's Wife" is their love story and it is an exceptional one.This novel is told from the perspective of both Henry and Clare in alternating viewpoints.  Niffenegger lets us know at the beginning of each perspective exactly when this event is happening and how old both Clare and Henry are in each perspective.  This is vitally important otherwise "The Time Traveler's Wife" would not make any sense.  While it seems at first that the story is being told without any apparent order or structure, it soon becomes clear that the structure is Clare.  Since she does not have Chrono Displacement Disorder, she ages normally and does not flit back and forth between the years.  The structure of the novel follows Clare from when she is a child and first meeting Henry through she teenage years to their life together as adults.  The structure follows Clare's life and her timeline.  Henry pops in and out of her life from age 6 through 18 and he is sometimes in his 40's, other times a younger man in his thirties.  This is why Niffenegger's telling us the ages of the characters is so vital.  Henry may or may not know some events in Clare's life because for him, depending on his age, they haven't happened yet.  This allows the reader to discover things about Clare and Henry as Henry learns them.  Sometimes he knows that something happened because Clare references it, but it is only later that he discovers what it was when he time travels."The Time Traveler's Wife" is a very moving novel.  Watching Henry and Clare struggle to fit a normal relationship into their lives despite Henry's time travel can be heart wrenching despite the fascination with when Henry will go next and what we will learn about their past together.  Audrey Niffenegger has done such a great job constructing this novel and making sure that it has a very firm structure that even the unrealistic idea of involuntary time travel (as if building a time machine wouldn't have been strange enough for Niffenegger) seems realistic and grounded in reality.  This novel feels real and true.I don't know that I can praise "The Time Traveler's Wife" enough or even adequately.  The best praise that I know how to give is to say that from time to time I encounter a book that blows me away, that I don't want to put down, and that is so magical that I am simply absorbed into the story.  It's a rare book that completely levels me and gets instantly elevated to one of my favorite books.  "The Time Traveler's Wife" is such a novel.-Joe Sherry
In the 1970s, supercomputers filled entire rooms.  In the 1980s they were shrunk to the size of breadboxes and immersed in liquid coolant to keep them from melting down.  Today a PC graphics card costing a few hundred dollars packs many times the raw processing power of the most expensive 1980s supercomputer.The latest generation of computer graphics cards has an internal structure (architecture) that supports programming for non-graphical supercomputing.  (Most supercomputing applications do resemble computational graphics in that they deal with geometry in two or more dimensions.)  This is not a general-purpose computer architecture.  A Graphics Processing Unit (GPU) is a massively parallel computer with hundreds or thousands of floating point processors and an operating system designed to manage tens or hundreds of thousands of threads.  The architecture dictates how a program may be structured, and how the programmer's choices in structuring affect the actual computing power that can be extracted.Programming Massively Parallel Processors presents the machine architecture for the recent generation of high-end NVIDIA GPUs.  (NVIDIA is one of two companies specializing in GPUs and holding a major market share.)The presentation reflects the book's origin as an academic course.  Over and over it proceeds from theory (machine architecture) to application.  Chapter questions focus on implications of the architecture and tools: What would happen if you did computation X in this way?  Minimum time is spent on the mechanics of writing code and large examples are relegated to the appendices.  It would be a mistake to look to this book for cookbook solutions.  You are expected to master the whole magilla and nothing less.  In fairness, the subject demands it.The reader will need the equivalent of undergraduate engineering mathematics (vectors, calculus, etc.) but none of the "Discrete Math" topics often associated with computer science.Most of the book concentrates on the CUDA extensions to the C programming language.  This is a proprietary solution, not open source.  Near the end of the book, other programming environments are described.  A quick pass with a search engine indicates that there are open-source efforts for GPU programming, but they are still in their infancy.This text's strengths are its clear and comprehensive presentation of a topic counter to the ordinary way of programming.  Its weaknesses are the limited amount of source code in the main exposition and its focus on a solution limited to proprietary systems rather than an open-source solution.One small disappointment: Amdahl's Law is a well-known statement of the limits of parallel performance improvement.  The limit is explored here, but Gene Amdahl is not credited.Kudos to the engineers at NVIDIA who designed the hardware architecture and operating system.  It harnesses enormous parallelism with excellent flexibility and minimal (though significant) complexity to the programmer.
JG does a great job of making you just love the characters.  I felt a lot of compassion for this lawyer and wanted to see him come out on top.  This lawyer seems just like an average guy.  I enjoyed the plot, but if it lacked anything it would be excitement.  I am still glad that I read it.
I've gotten some great ideas from THE BIG BOOK OF CUSTOMER TRAINING GAMES and this book is a great way to liven up your next meeting. As the subtitle states, the games are quick and fun activities for all customer facing employees. I would have rateed this book higher but for two small shortcomings. 1) Some of the game descriptions need to be expanded. It would be helpful to have more detailed instructions on what the authors are wanted to accomplish. 2) Since the book contains numerous "Handouts" that need to be reproduced, it would be helpful if the were in an 8.5 x 11 format or even a standard 6x9 format that could be reproduced on an 8.5 x 11 sheet of paper instead of the rather awkward 9 x 7.I know that sounds like a petty thing, but to me if you're going to publish a book, do it right. Make it conducive to fulfilling your readers' needs.I tried a handful of games outlined at my last meeting and they were all greeted with great success. Again, due to the lack of detail, some of the games took a few minutes to iron out the rough edges and organize everyone, but once we got things rolling, it added a lot of fun to the meeting and proved to be some very good "after lunch, when everyone wanted to take a nap" activities.I'll definately turn to the book in the future. If you're looking for some fun ways to spice up your meetings, start here. There are fifty games outlined here. You're bound to find a few that you can easily apply to your customer service training.
What can you say about any book in the Mitford series that hasn't already been said?  Jan Karon never fails to amaze me.  She has the ability to take a "religious subject" and turn it into a great read for anyone, whether they are Christian or not.  And you learn to love all her characters and feel like you know them.  I've often liked, or even loved, one character in a book and maybe even most of the characters, but never before have I felt that I love the whole book (and thus the whole town) -- even the unloveable --  and also know them all personally.  These books all have an almost "Lake Woebegone" feeling to them, and yet they are not copycats of anyone's work.  Dive into Mitford; you'll love Father Tim and his town!
This book deserves equal attention with Blake Snyder's "Save the Cat". If Save the Cat teaches you how to write in a structured analytical manner, Viki King's "How to Write a Movie in 21 Days" is how to write from the heart. I suspect the title was forced by the publisher on this book as a marketing gimmick, since obviously you will not write a polished script ready for prime time in that short of a time unless you are already a master screenwriter. But this book teaches you sound principles that lets you get past the technicals to just writing your story and then forming it up into a polished presentable manner. The best thing about this book is the way it gets you past your anxieties and self doubt to just putting your story on paper and then trouble shooting it and fixing it to be at least good, if not great.There are a number of great how to write books out there, this is just as essential as any of them. How To Write A Movie In 21 Days belongs in your top 10 writing books to study, reread, and keep next to your desk.
This book is very informative and easy to read. If you can find it used and in good condition - it's worth buying. If you are a student or in law enforcement, it's a must! I think the resell value holds well due to the wealth of knowledge you can find in this book. If you're a CSI fan - I think it is safe to say, it's a very interesting read. It's all real and you will find 'graphic' photos - if you're not able to handle this - I suggest you don't purchase it. There is alot to absorb and I wouldn't call it light reading.
I have always wanted to read this book.  It did not disappoint me.  A must read.
This was the funniest book I have ever read. It really is 'burst out laughing' funny. It's not a book for the prudish, and there is very bad language used - including the c-word, if memory serves right. It's never gratuitous, so it never bothered me. But if you want a real hoot and don't object to that, this is the book for you.
Middlebrook describes the British airborne landings at Arnhem at an extraordinary level of detail.  In many places events are covered minute by minute, casualty by casualty.  The authors approach is to provide a detailed narrative of the action peppered with first person accounts.  This approach is used by many authors, but Middlebrook is exceptionally adept at it.  He also draws his anecdotes from a tremendous pool of first person sources (interviews, diaries, etc).  Anyone familiar with his previous works (e.g., The Schweinfurt-Regensburg Mission) will understand the skill with which he weaves together his histories.There is one draw back to the book: there almost no information from the German perspective.  Had this been included at the same level of detail as the Allied view, Arnhem 1944 would be the all time definitive account of Market-Garden operations around Arnhem.  Even without them, this book still ranks in the top tier of military history studies.  It is also by far the best source available about the British operations.  Readers interested in the German perspective can find it in It Never Snows in September.
I enjoyed this book very much.  Interesting character portrayals.  Good portrayal of the way some people's minds work, or don't work!
This is the only western I've ever read; I'm mostly into classical literature, science writing, and non-fiction, but I asked friends for a book rec in the field, and they said read this one and the two Thomas Berger novels about Little Big Man.The novel is interesting in that it's not a stereotypical western story. The main character is a woman who owns a large cattle ranch and is basically the mainstay of the little town of Cottonwoods, a Mormon town on the Utah border, sort of like the Cartwright family was in the popular TV western series, only in this case, Lorne Green is replaced by a female lead. The novel also is unusual in that it shows her struggling against the tyranny and even criminality of her fellow Mormon ranchers, who don't like the fact of a beautiful, wealthy, but unattached woman, who wields considerable influence in the local town despite their best attempts to undermine her.One the things that sparked my interest in the novel was hearing an English prof in a radio interview on National Public Radio talk about some of the scholarship that is being devoted to genres like the western novel. She was working herself on the books of Karl May (The Legend of the Llano Estacado), Owen Wister (The Virgianian), and Zane Grey.One of the interesting things she had to say had to do with Grey's vivid prose descriptions of the western landscape. She said Grey's prose sensualized the landscape, giving it an almost masculine sensuality and almost sexuality. I'm about halfway into the book, and I can say that the rugged countryside of sheer, rock-walled canyons, arid plateaus and valleys, and wide-open spaces of this part of Utah are vividly described by Grey and serve, not just as a dramatic backdrop against which the novel's events take place, but as a palpable force for good or evil by itself...I think the book has a strong plot with a lot of powerful elements going for it: interesting characters (including a dangerous and mysterious but chivalrous gunslinger), a sympathetic main character who struggles and triumphs against society's evils (not just a few western-style bad guys), beautiful and evocative descriptions of the landscape, and, as the backcover says it, "hairsbreadth escapes."One last interesting thing is that, if I remember correctly, Zane Grey was actually a Pennsylvania dentist who failed in his attempt to set up a profitable dental practice in New York. He wanted to get into writing westerns, and when his first novel was a big success, his writing career was launched and he never looked back. Riders of the Purple Sage is probably his most famous book, and despite it's not being a typical western novel, it has become a classic in its field.
my husband has read almost all of John Grishmams books and as far as he is concerned ther is no other writer so I hope he has some new ones soon
i have read this book several times!!!! i really like it!!! to say its true or not i dont know i have no reason to doubt the people telling the story i mean really why would they leave their belongings behind???? from my point of view it could happen and who am i to say it didnt happen?? i say buy the book judge for yourself!!! its well worth the read!!!
Very well written and presented text on cognitive radio principals and design.  The book delves into the details of radio design and implementation.  It is geared toward electrical engineers with some experience in cognitive radio and students of the field.  The book requires mathematical proficiency and prior knowledge in wireless communications.  Highly recommended.
Aleister Crowley is perhaps one of the most interesting characters in all of world history. He attempted to synthesize the techniques of Western occultism, Eastern mysticism, and modern scientific thought into a workable system he liked to call &quot;Magick.&quot; All the time he was trying to do this, he was hounded by people who branded him a charlatan, a Satanist, and &quot;the wickedest man in the world.&quot; Even the famed Russian mystic George Gurdjieff, who was controversial himself, cursed Crowley's name after they met. Crowley's flawed character is very interesting to look at, especially from his own perspective, and this is why &quot;The Confessions of Aleister Crowley&quot; is such a great book.My psychology professor loaned me his copy of this book, after we got into a discussion about Crowley one day. The case of my professor demonstrates how much Crowley is ignored, as his copy of &quot;The Confessions&quot; had sat on his bookshelf for years unnoticed. It was only when I mentioned Crowley and my professor read over the book that he understood my fascination with Crowley. Unfortunately, I was unable to finish the book, due both to time constraints and the fact that the book is rather boring in the middle, when Crowley begins to talk about his mountaineering adventures. I can, however, tell you my general impressions of the book, and Crowley, after what I have read of the book and several other books on The Great Beast.Crowley's style is very lucid and descriptive, but readers without a dictionary should be warned; Crowley's vocabulary is immense and multi-lingual. Crowley makes some rather astute observations about the course of his life and his actions in the book, and he is able to psychoanalyze many of the people who one way or another became involved with his life, but this book, and his whole life, in fact, show one fatal flaw: a lack of self-analysis. Crowley's egotism contributed greatly to some of the errors he made. For instance, in reference to his feud with several members of the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn, he accuses many of them of having been jealous of him, going so far as to say that the great poet Yeats hated Crowley because Crowley was the superior poet. Any look at Crowley's poetry will prove this claim to be laughable, although Crowley did occasionally write wonderful poetry.Crowley has long been ignored in Western society, although many of his ideas have influenced the course of the 20th century. Hopefully with the success of Wicca and occultism in general right now, Crowley will attain the position of great sage and artist in the larger world someday, as well as serving as a warning to all those who would tread his path. In closing, the reader of this book should bring with him an open-mind, intelligence, and a sense of humor (for Crowley's sense of humor is one of his often ignored qualities). With these qualities, he should be able to understand Crowley and learn from his ideas.
Steinbeck wrote this novel in the days when American Grocery stores were 94% independent single-owned stores. The hero isn't much of a hero, just a man struggling with the pressures of economic success in contrast to his moral beliefs.With over 90% of the grocery stores today being multi-store operations, we see in this book the beginnings of the Madison Avenue economy we live in today, and what has been lost in the process.At least Hawley struggled against the tide, where today it has become almost chic to lack morals, fool consumers, be the trickster guru, or market a ton of air in attractive colors and graphics.Steinbeck shows us it should be a struggle, and indeed it will be a difficult one in a cultural setting where rationalizations (&quot;It's only a crime against money - afterall!&quot;) eat away at the social requirements of honesty, decency, and respect for your fellow men and women.At the end, a symbolic clue leads the reader back to a previous chapter and obscure dialogue. Left to ponder what this really means.
Can I think of a more disturbing, more frightening novel than Less than Zero? That's a good question to ask, despite the fact that I'm behind it, but no, I don't think I can. Among others the antihero Clay is so empty, so  dead inside that American Psycho's Patrick Bateman is nothing but a  baby.LTZ scared the frag out of me. No humor in it at all, nothing but  empty people, indifferent, rich, young, empty Beverly Hills people. Not  actually a joy to read, but outstanding nonetheless.
This book touches on most of the basic mathematical concepts but most importantly reviews topics that have practical applications in (as the title says) Physics, Chemistry and Engineering.The book is written in a very concise and easy to understand way provinding various examples to illustrate the mathematical concept behind the discussed topic.I am out of engineering school for 11 years now and I find this to be a good refresher for my math knowledge. Since it is so concise, it is suitable for people that have a basic knowledge already of the principles presented.To be a great value, this book should cost between $15-20. The price of over $40 at the time of this review is unjustified.
Ever since I first picked up Angus, Thongs and Full-Frontal Snogging, this series has been my absolute favorite, no matter what genre I was interested in at the time. The series is about Georgia Nicolson, a 14 year old (at the beginning) British girl who is full of wit. The books are in the format of her diary and chronicle her relationships with her friends, family, and boys and also follow her on her adventures to Scotland, France, and on a camping trip as well as daily life at Stalag 14 (aka school).While the plot seems pretty basic, teenager being a teenager going through teenage stuff, these books are magic because of Georgia and the other characters. Even with a more complex plot, some books still fall flat because the characters are just so bland. But Georgia is the type of character who is fascinating and endearing. You feel like you know her and when you put the book down you say "Darn, she's not really my friend" and you wish you were back in her world. For 10 books I've laughed with her and I've felt her anger and I've felt her heartbreak. Georgia is truly funny and although she sometimes doesn't view the world as it really is, the way she views it is still very interesting. And then there are the supporting characters. Georgia's best friend loves nature and tells Georgia like it is, her other friend has turned into a Viking princess because of having a (very funny) Swedish boyfriend, her parents are embarrassingly funny, her toddler aged sister is crazy (although this is fiction I did worry about Libby and how she would turn out when she's older) and then there are boys of Georgia's life. All of the characters are so unique and not the stereotypical supporting characters of a teen novel. Each of the characters have personalities that go beyond a simple surface personality (shy and conservative or and outgoing prankster for example). The personalities the supporting characters have seem much more multi-dimensional then they usually seem to go in teen stories. For example, Georgia's best friend Jas has a passion for nature and being outdoors that she shares with her boyfriend (who is the brother of a Sex God). Jas likes to go on nature scouts with her boyfriend and she has a collection of stuffed owls on her bed. Jas will always tell Georgia the truth and not what Georgia just wants to hear. Another friend, Rosie, is the girlfriend of a Swedish exchange student. Because of this she sparks interest of Viking culture in the girls which leads to very interesting Viking inspired dance routines. Even down to Georgia's cat Angus, all the characters are familiar yet have dimensions to them that I've never seen in any other book. I think Rennison's knack for creating characters is really what made this series shine because they are not your average contemporary characters.Also contributing to the story is the language used. Some of it is British slang which can be confusing for a reader State-side. But Rennison also has made up words that the reader will find infectious once they realize they used a term from the book in their everyday life. I also love how at the back it has a glossary to go over the British terms and the made up ones and the glossary (along with the scales and dance routines) has become a staple throughout the series.Because the series is so funny and simple but utterly enjoyable, it has been reprinted in multiple languages, has been re-published in multi-book copies with new covers for the adult set, has had a recent cover makeover for the US market, and has recently been made into a movie version. These books have proven to be wildly successful and great for all ages. It's a perfectly suitable series for kids in middle school as the content is pretty mild, but it is also funny enough for adult readers to be entertained. If you're looking for light, fun reading (especially for over the summer or even to read during breaks at work) I definitely would recommend this series. You can read just Angus, Thongs and Full-Frontal Snogging but I would suggest planning on reading the series in its entirety because you won't want to stop after the first book. 10 books may seem daunting but I promise that these are very quick and enjoyable reads.
I wish Salinger had ended his publishing career in 1965 with "Seymour: An Introduction"; he would have gone out on a relatively high note. Instead, he decided that "Hapworth 16, 1924" -- a curious work that has received little positive critical attention -- would stand as his literary last will and testament. But that's another story."Seymour: An Introduction" and "Raise High the Roofbeam, Carpenters" are part of Salinger's Glass Family series of stories, which chronicles the life and conflicts of a group of eccentric child-prodigies and includes "Franny and Zooey", "Seymour", "Hapworth", and some of the short stories in "Nine Stories."  The Glass Family fiction marked a radical change in narrative technique for Salinger. His slick, formal "New Yorker" style was replaced with a style that was elaborately verbose and informal, and the stories became novellas that were short on plot but long on painstaking description, mood-setting, and commentary."Raise High the Roofbeam, Carpenters" is a good example of Salinger's later narrative style.  The story itself isn't very complicated, and is narrated by Buddy, Seymour's brother.  Seymour stands up his bride on their wedding day in 1942; the wedding guests congregate in Seymour's apartment to discuss matters, where they drink and smoke and argue and eventually find out that Seymour and his bride have eloped; finally, they depart, leaving Buddy to pick up the pieces. Along the way, readers are entertained by Salinger's charmingly avuncular tone and sterling command of dialogue; they are treated to some of Salinger's favorite literary devices -- long letters, diary entries, mystical messages; and they find out more about the character of the mysterious Seymour, who will play an important spiritual role, in absentia, in the lives of the Glass Family. That, basically, is "Raise High the Roofbeam, Carpenters." Unfortunately, the story never quite lives up to its title, with its inspiring tone of hope and promise."Seymour: An Introduction" continues the Glass Family chronicles. Again narrated by Buddy, "Seymour" is a biographical exploration of late great Seymour Glass, who eloped with his bride in 1942 ("Raise High") and committed suicide in 1948 ("A Perfect Day").  However, as the story (if it can be called a story) unfolds, it becomes apparent that it is less about Seymour than about Buddy, who is struggling with a major crisis in his career as a professional writer.  He is trying to resurrect Seymour and make him the centerpiece of the Glass Family saga, but the challenge of writing Seymour back to life has led Buddy -- and it led Salinger -- into a dead-end.The more intensely Buddy writes about Seymour, the more elusive -- and illusive -- he becomes.  And almost magically, as Seymour disintegrates, dissolves, and gradually disappears, the real central character of "Seymour" emerges.  Buddy-writing-about-Seymour is only the overt narrative in "Seymour"; there is also a covert, between-the-lines narrative; and if you're familiar with JD Salinger's life as documented in the biographies by Ian Hamilton and Paul Alexander, you'll recognize "Seymour" for what it really is. A fictionalized modernist portrait of Salinger as a middle-aged writer, a stream-of-consciousness "tour-de-farce" confessional full of dead-pan, leg-pulling clues about the narrator's true identity, and a kind of retrospective of his life and career all stuffed into one bulgy seabag of prose, "Seymour" contains allusions to the author's fiction (there are references to "A Perfect Day for Bananafish," "Teddy," "Nine Stories," "Raise High," and "The Catcher in the Rye"), his not-very-flattering opinions of his readers and critics, his acknowledgement and analysis of some of the more curious rumors that have circulated about him, and other tantalizing tidbits and topics of conjecture for Salingerphiles -- including some plausible reasons for his decision to stop publishing. An intriguing glimpse over a writer's shoulder as he two-finger types away on a "poorly rehabilitated, not to say unbalanced, German typewriter", self-consciously oblivious of his readers, "Seymour" might be the closest thing there is to an autobiographical (and I use that adjective very loosely) memoir by the famously reclusive author of "The Catcher in the Rye."Salinger's later fiction is difficult to evaluate because it's difficult to classify. Indeed, the Glass Family stories -- "Franny & Zooey", "Raise High", and especially "Seymour" -- don't seem like "stories", or even fiction, at all; and using literary criteria to evaluate their merits doesn't seem appropriate. Nevertheless, I think it's fair to suggest that while they will probably never be considered great, enduring works of literature, the chronicles of the Glass Family should at least rank as minor stylistic masterpieces from one of the more fascinating prose stylists of 20th century fiction.
from the haunting desire to be loved to the willingness to murder out of love. While set in a France long ago, the feelings and hopes expressed by the "tick" are encountered by all of us at some time in our lives. Just like a genius is sometimes a step away from insanity, the reprehensible Grenuille may only be a step (or scent) away from being the most loved person in France.
I am an unabashed Grisham fan and think I have read about everything he's written.  I simply loved some of his books and I merely liked others.  There's always something special about his legal themed stories but some of the ones that I loved most were not legal at all:  "The Painted House","Skipping Christmas" for example (which two were also favorites of my husband).  But "The Last Juror" was a standout special book for me.  The legal/lawyer theme is just an embedded part of the story while the principal theme is the unfolding development of Willie's character and the friendships he makes in the town, especially the lovely relationship between Willie and Miss Callie.  But all the characters are so finely drawn that you really get to know them and care about them or are at least interested in their fates.  Willie, warts and all, is one of my all time favorite Grisham characters as is the unique Miss Callie.  I won't go into the story line.  Others have done that quite well.  I'll just say that this is a book for all ages who like a good story.  My very elderly parents lived the last 3 years of their lives with me and I would read to them for about an hour every afternoon.  It was a time of companionship and enjoyment for us all.  During that time we covered many books and one of them was "The Last Juror."  They were enthralled from the first to the last word.  My Mother paid the book the ultimate compliment for any story when she said, "Oh, I hate for it to end.  I want to hear more about Willie."
I love this CD/Album by Carole King.  I bought the CD I'm really Rosie because it brought back so many memories.  The book will accompany the CD.
&quot;Anti-Hacker Toolkit&quot; (AHT) is a first-rate, hands-on, learn-by-following-along security book.  It's advertised as a complement to Foundstone's &quot;Incident Response&quot; and &quot;Hacking Exposed&quot; titles, but it contains more than enough original material to stand on its own.  Even if you've used all of the tools described in AHT, you're sure to gain insight on using many of them in unique and creative ways.Throughout the book, I was impressed by the authors' attention to detail.  They seem to have anticipated the sorts of questions both beginners and experts might have regarding numerous security tools.  AHT contains balanced material on both UNIX and Windows applications.  It is particularly strong with regard to integration of BSD tools.  In a world where many believe &quot;free&quot; and &quot;open source&quot; equal &quot;Linux&quot;, attention to BSD was very welcome.Several chapters were especially useful.  These included discussions of netcat, the X Windows System, and Windows enumeration using the PStools.  Furthermore, over two hundred pages are devoted to incident response and digital forensics.  The authors discuss how to image and investigate systems using commercial and open source solutions.  I appreciated their desire to steer clear of theory in favor of providing hands-on examples.  AHT continues the recent Osborne McGraw-Hill tradition of including numerous case studies which reinforce the proper use of tools in real-world environments.AHT is a must-have book for 2002.  (Note that it is NOT related in any way to the book &quot;Hackers Beware,&quot; as alluded to by a previous reviewer.)  Even if you've been using security tools for years, you're sure to find new approaches to better assess or secure your enterprise.  This book belongs next to any of Foundstone's other titles on your bookshelf.
In My Life Bill Clinton tells his life experience from his upbringing in Arkansas to his eventful presidency. His description of his presidency is easily the most interesting from budget battles to the Middle East peace process. However Clinton spends far too much time on his early life subtracting from his description of his presidency. He also portrays the Monica Lewinsky scandal as his political opponents trying to hurt him and that he did no wrong. Despite its flaws it is still a great look at the life of Bill Clinton.
This book is amazing. I bought enough copies to use as a classroom novel because this is an OUTSTANDING story. The added bonus is its rich demonstration of the beauty and power of words. So often when teachers teach about 'words' it is all about building vocabulary and root words. Or we show discrete examples of similes and alliteration - terms to memorize. Here is an OUTSTANDING story full of wonderful characters, a powerful message -  and rich, exciting, tasty words.I am presently using this book as a classroom novel in all my classes. The response to this book is fantastic! Students can't get enough of it. They want to read more, talk more, discuss characters and issues, act it out... Amazing! Because of the use of similes, metaphors, alliteration, and so on - this book is a great way for my class to review for State testing and loving it.
I bought this for my husband to replace his very worn out copy.  It has long been his favorite book.
Organized from lowest level up to operating systems.  Its pretty easy to read but still very in-depth.  I haven't read it in a few years, but I recall it being one of the more enjoyable computer science books from college.
This book was extremely enlightening. I did not know that it was that bad. I can admit I was ignorant to what Native Americans have gone through. I recommend this book to any and everyone. It puts a whole new perspective on things.
NOTE: If you saw the movie first and loved it, be prepared for a COMPLETELY  different story within the book.You will love this story if you are looking for a book with insight to a woman's growth in the early 20th century.  One down-side (for me) is that a lot of the terminology used in this book was old-fashioned and presently archaic.  Thank goodness I read this on my Kindle so I could look up words quickly!After watching this movie, I LOVED it so I wanted to read the book. While the movie was touching and well-acted, the book is better (although NOTHING like it).The book concentrates more on Kitty's character and her road toward maturity while the movie concentrates more on the relationship between Kitty & Walter.  I'll admit the differences annoyed me at first, but I ended up enjoying the book even more than the movie because I got better understanding of Kitty herself.  The development of her character is very well-written, descriptive and relatable.I also admit I held a bit of contempt toward Kitty's selfish ways at the beginning of the book, but as I got to understand her upbringing, etc., I started to feel almost sorry for her and was rooting for her by the end of it.
I loved this book!  It helped so much in the learning and understanding of the two Spanish past tenses.  I would recommend this to anyone seriously involved in the study of the Spanish language.
Mark F. LaMoure, Boise, IDPOWER OF EXCELLENCE"Bollinger On Bollinger Bands" is a highly useful book about an incredible discovery in Technical Indicators.  Using Bollinger Bands is a super useful stock tool.  Nothing else compares.  Back in 2002, I bought Bollinger's book just after it first came out in 2001.  Today, I truly appreciate what I've learned from Bollinger Bands.  They are my #1 favorite Technical Indicator.  They give you much greater "story information" about your stock for winning.John Bollinger invented Bollinger Bands back in the early 1980's.  As Technical Indicators, I think Bollinger Bands rate as an A+ tool, beneficial to anyone wanting to use them.  They are a signature breakthrough in Technical Indicators.  They work as a Price Line "PREDICTION-TOOL."WIN MORE OFTENBollinger Bands tell a story about your stock's Price Line still unequalled by other Technical Indicators.  You in return, can more easily PREDICT the upcoming high-and-low changes in your stock's Price Line as a result.  In other words, they provide accurate Price Line PREDICTION which is super important to all traders.  By using them, we can win far more often.THE ESSENCEBut the book is not a simple one to read.  It can be a little complex and detailed for someone like me, who is not steeped in mathematics.  But John Bollinger, the book's author, made the book very readable anyway.  Overall, the book is well written from start to finish and is very absorbing.  Bollinger's book has 22 chapters and 227 pages of excellent material.  Its well worth its price.A BREAKTHROUGHBollinger Bands are the invention of a brilliant American mind.  Thank You, John Bollinger for all your hard work and dedication as driving forces for a wonderful breakthrough.  You are THE MAN!
This is my first Joyce book to read.  I had high expectations.  It was difficult to get a feel for his writing initially, but I finally got into the rythm of it and it started to flow.The book does not have much action; it is introspection and dialogue and remembrances that all run together.  It is unique and exhilirating to read, but is not a page turner as many top-rated books of today are.  It reads more like a memoir than a novel, and according to accounts I read, it is a story similar to Joyce's own.I was able to relate to the tension between living a secular versus a religious life.I think for serious readers, this book has to be on the must-read list.
4.5 StarsThis concise overview of Islam and its history is one of the best introductions on the subject I have read yet.  This book wasn't written for theologians or historians but scholars will appreciate the author's impartial approach.  While quickly answering many of the questions we have about the history and the theology of Islam and the origins of many of the conflicts plaguing the Islamic world, the reader comes away wanting to learn more.  This was undoubtedly the author's intention.Most non-Muslims realize that Islam shares its heritage with Judaism and Christianity.  However, many readers may be surprised to learn that Muslims are taught that the Koran represents a complete and final revelation from God and supplants what have been deemed the distorted scriptures of Judaism and Christianity.  Most may also be aware that Islam teaches tolerance of other monotheistic faiths, but many readers may find it surprising how harshly the Koran and Shari'a law deal with those who choose to leave Islam.Biased writers have portrayed Islam either as a completely peaceful faith or as inherently violent and intolerant.  This book is neither condemning nor apologetic.  Chapters include not only accounts of the often violent past expansionism of Islam but also include accounts of the Crusades and the eventual western domination of most of the Islamic nations through the mid 20th century.While I still have concerns about Islamic fundamentalism, this book provided me a better understanding of the issues.  In any case, I am no less concerned about the threat fundamentalist Christianity and fundamentalist Judaism pose to world peace and progress than I am about the potential threat of Islamic fundamentalism.
Really interesting. Everything you need, the most important is inside. Clear explanation, good pictures to represent 'the move'. This books helps me to improve myself and I will soon read it again... I guess it can be usefull for beginner too...
I have a niece who has Asperger's. I read as much as I can to try to understand her way of relating to the world as she is a puzzle to me. This book was an absolute eye opener into the thinking and the behavior of a person with autism. While it is a novel written by one who has worked with autistic individuals, in my opinion, he captures the essence of the autistic mind very well. The world is very frightening to my niece and this book helps me to see why, as the main character so literally interprets his world around him and often is bombarded by the constant noises and smells. The book at times is humorous as his literal thinking can be quite funny, not to him, but to us "Normal Typicals". I found this book to be a delightful way to learn more about autism. I couldn't put the book down.
When I finished the book, I placed it on my nightstand and stared at it. Was "all that" merely print on paper? This book was part of my life; it invaded my dreams. The time travel  threads never fail. One of the most fulfilling and memorable books I've read.
"The Handmaid's Tale" is highly descriptive and highly imaginative, with exceptional writing by Margaret Atwood. Her idea of taking a form of religious fundamentalism to extreme was surprisingly suspenseful, with a strong narrative drive and hints of interesting characters that prompted me to read it in one day.That sounds like a five-star book. Unfortunately, her premise that the story could occur in the United States to me is absurd. Even in the 2000s, with the usual arguments about abortion, feminism, and the separation of church and state, we are nothing at all like the totalitarian and anti-woman state in the novel. People who read the book with an eye toward whether America could become "Gilead" are making the wrong move, in my opinion. Read it instead as an alternate history, more like science fiction or "The Road", contemplating how people would behave, what the rules would be like, and how might dissent be fostered and suppressed.Ms. Atwood shines at the dreary details, with the different castes of women and the unending rules, including their evolution over time as the power-that-be accommodate reality and the population's own adaptations. Naturally, the leaders adopt the time-honored tradition of keeping the masses uneducated and disconnected, with public eliminations of "enemies". The main theme is men's domination over women, with religious fundamentalism as the vehicle. However, Atwood also indicts women, as there are plenty of women complicit in the elimination of most freedoms, either through passive acceptance or as active participants. One of the saddest likely truths is Atwood's observation that people without freedom will gradually forget what it was like before, and the subsequent generations may not miss what they never knew. In the end, she seems to believe that humanity's desire for excitement, love and freedom are not completely repressible and inevitably and eventually will triumph. (Speaking of the end, the "historical note" fell flat with its tone and message, other than its utility as "what happened later".)The other main flaw in the society she created is that nobody really wins and nobody is happy. Who is benefiting? The men seem miserable most of the time and most of the women are miserable. If the men really wanted to construct a government with complete domination of women, they could have done a better job. The religion-based approach, so unlike any modern religion, presumably was chosen by Atwood as an anti-religion statement and is an excellent hook for the definition of rules. However, it ends up so extreme and unrealistic that it clearly could not have survived at length.
Others have found that the INTP Myers-Briggs Type Indicator is the preferred personality type for (software) architecting team membership.  After I wondered how to be more &quot;philosophical&quot;, this book helped by teaching about the Unix Zen-like philosophy.  If you think this way, you should be able to improve a design.Chapter 3 &quot;Contracts: Comparing the Unix Philosophy with Others&quot; starts with this quote from a Dilbert newsletter, &quot;If you have any trouble sounding condescending, find a Unix user to show you how it's done.&quot;  Nevertheless, I am more likely to be less critical and more philosophical about designs after learning about the OS designs of VMS, MacOS, OS/2, Windows NT, BeOS, MVS, VM/CMS, and Linux.The last chapter titled &quot;Futures: Dangers and Opportunities&quot; summarizes the philosophical differences between operating system design in the past and in the present with Linux. By the time I got to this last chapter, I see that this book is a real eye opener and you will think &quot;philosophically&quot; about software designs.  Understanding history does help.  The next generation is thinking about usability along with the open design patterns of the OS.  This is paradigm shift for Unix and Windows gurus.Besides learning about how to think philosophically, this book is a gold mine to a software engineer.  For example, chapter 2 &quot;Basics of the Unix Philosophy&quot; covers 17 rules on design that every software engineer needs.  Additionally, chapter 16 &quot;Reuse: On Not Reinventing the Wheel&quot; is a hoot.  Today, some professors do grade on code readability, style, and program documentation.Chapter 14 &quot;Languages: To C or Not To C?&quot; is another learning experience on language choice.  I cannot help but wonder if the authors are not Zen-like enough because of their love of their offspring C, when today there is a growing community using Java for embedded Linux software, because of its portability, improved memory management, and eliminated pointer security problems.  Platform neutral language and OS.Chapter 19 &quot;Open Source: Programming in the New Unix Community&quot;, should be required reading for a software engineer.  We need to learn about the open source software development process.If there were only time, this book would make an excellent addition to a computer science OS or software engineering course.  Software architects need this book.  The Masters have a done a great job by contributing to this.
While I do not share John Steinbeck's view of the world (politics), I do think he is an excellent writer.  I don't see how anyone can not be drawn to the characters in this book.  The ability of Steinbeck to paint a picture with words is almost unmatched.  I think this book is a must-read, a must-read indeed!
KKids enjoy reading. Books were a require met from her school to read in the evening with parents. Great book
I have a soft spot for this book. It was the first P.G. Wodehouse book I read and I am pretty sure it was the first book intended for adults that I ever read, too. That was in my grandfather's house on the south coast of England in around 1958.Even then the world that Wodehouse described was long gone (if indeed it ever existed), but it touched off a wave of sentimentality in me that has lasted all the 54 years from then till now. It also created a love of language that has brought me constant delight ever since. The witty repartee, the colorful descriptions, the incorporation of earlier phrases in different contexts later in the book (a Wodehouse trademark) were all entrancing to me. His poem describing the incident of Percy's arrest is a gem.There's no deep meaning in this book. Wodehouse himself called his writings musical comedies without the music. It's just pure enjoyment for those who appreciate the comic genius of that exquisite wordsmith, P.G. Wodehouse.
One of my favorite novels. Anyone who believes that you have to follow your own path will appreciate the characters.
I have read and reread this book, and I find myself using this book as a constant source of motivation and redirection towards the positive.  This book is well constructed and written in a way that engages the reader to want to read more. The simple ideas contained in the "rules of life" will inspire some pretty deep thoughts concerning how you live your life and react to your surroundings.I have taken to writing notes in the margins of the book, and when I re-read the rule I find myself getting a deeper understanding of how these rules play an important role in my life.  When you come right down to it, all self-help literature explains how to recognize and overcome negative or destructive behaviors in our life.  Templar helps explain how following "rules" will help you gain control over some of the more taxing events in your life.  Templar uses very basic ideas and then explains how following these ideas enables you to gain understanding. A simple idea can take you into some very complex self interpretation.This book will start you on a journey of self discovery that will help carry you beyond the selfish, destructive life style that many of us lead.  After reading this book, I have recognized the negative, repetative behavior in my life and now try to follow the "rules" to overcome this behavior.I highly recommend this book for anyone who wants to start themselves on a road of self improvement.
There are certain members of my family whom I always wanted to avoid. I was not wrong, they are difficult to get along with, but that never made me feel better about myself.It was an eye-opener to discover that with some few little pointers I could learn to get through a telephone conversation or even a dinner without feeling put-down and without getting successfully baited into a disagreement. And I have had to learn to not expect to feel only two inches tall with some of them!The best part of her technique is learning to handle the attack without attacking back. Not having to resort to being mean, and not having to participate in any arguments at all. It was so simple that I almost feel stupid for not having been able to figure it out on my own. Now I'm only kind of mad that there are people against whom I might need to defend myself, but it sure helps to know how to do it.The other great part is that I learned that I also indulged in a little verbal attacking, as well, though, because I had learned it in my family, I did not recognize it as such. After the initial horror at myself I am pleased that I no longer need to do that.This book may not be needed by everyone, but if you can't understand why you always feel put down or angry around certain people this book will almost definitely help.
Just finished reading this series again-- fantastic as always. This book is a must read to continue the wonderful story.
Steinbeck wrote the lengthy EAST OF EDEN saga straight through, from January to the first of November, in 1951.  Every weekday, he sharpened his beloved pencils, sat down and warmed up, writing in the form of a letter to his friend and publisher, Pascal Covici.  The letters he entered on the left side of the manuscript book Covici hand given him; on the right side, after clearing his mind and setting out the days' goals, he'd write his story, averaging about 1,500 words a day.  JOURNAL OF A NOVEL collects those daily addresses to Covici, to whom EAST OF EDEN is dedicated.On the one hand, JOURNAL OF A NOVEL is instructive in how to use journaling to order one's demons, to focus and forge ahead.  More important, it brings the reader right up to the man, and Steinbeck is a fascinating person to know.  At age 48 when he produced this, he is twice divorced, happily remarried a third time, engaged in fatherhood and transplanted to New York.  He is a whittler, a tinkerer, an inventor.  His credo is, why pay someone to do something badly that he can do just as badly himself.  He maintains an active family, professional and social life that he chattily reports and offers some prescient observations on the Marshall Plan and MacArthur.  He is not without his depressive cycles, but at this point in his life he is more understanding of them and never lets them interfere with his work.  His resolve is extraordinary.It is especially rich to read this following WORKING DAYS, the journal he kept as he wrote THE GRAPES OF WRATH.  You get a sense of personal growth and a fuller sense of the middle of the 20th century through his eyes.Highly recommended.
I'm sad that the reader from Maine felt so insulted by Mr Green's work.  I can only guess that he or she thought they had bought a contemporary pot-boiler to read on the airplane and were shocked to find they were  reading a 20th century classic, because the criticism of the dialogue was  entirely unjustified.  The dialogue in Loving is wonderful - precisely  because it is so clearly of another age. It is through the language of this  novel that we understand and become enmeshed by its central themes.
WOW! This is my first reaction to Michael Tasner's book "Marketing in the Moment."  Throughout this guide, the author provides the web entrepreneur / business owner with advice on how elevate their business to be on the leading edge by using Web 3.0 marketing.Web 3.0 is just the next wave of marketing that is taking place on the Internet and with mobile devices.  The marketing solutions discussed are:- micro-blogging instead of blogging- live streaming video instead of static video- virtual reality worlds- superior customization instead of limited customization- mobile communication via MMS (multi-media messaging service)- on-demand collaboration- etc....For each marketing solution the author provides:- case studies- lists of websites that provide you with the tools to implement these solutions- how to examples- his personal recommendationsAt the end of the book he highlights four companies that employ these tools successfully.In summary this guide is a wealth of information in an easy to read format that will give the true entrepreneur an edge on their competition if only they would integrate some of these strategies into their business model.  I have absolutely no qualms about recommending this book to anyone who is interested in learning about making these techniques and technology work for them.8/25/10 Update:  Because of what some of the other technical users said about this book, I decided to loan my copy to one of my very technical colleagues (a software engineer and technology guru) to get his reaction. He said he really liked this book and that although it was on the basic side for him, he felt the author presented the material in a way that would help someone understand how to use the available marketing tools to their best advantage.  Despite being very technical, he did find the virtual computing section interesting and he actually learned something from it.  My colleagues reactioin just enforces my belief that most people can learn something from this book.
This book is a classic.  The first edition was an incredibly concise introduction and description of the C language.  The second edition (reviewed here) was slightly more verbose but mainly just added the ANSI C library information at the back (which had become a vital standard).  A example of elegant conciseness.  Highly recommended - this is the book on C.
I just re-read Outlander, in preparation for reading The Fiery Cross, Diana Gabaldon't fifth book in this series.  This will further confuse those who read my reviews and get aggravated that I re-read books when there are so many new books in the world to read, but this is honestly one of my favorite series of books, primarily because of this novel and Dragonfly in Amber, its immediate sequal.This is a fabulous time travel and historical romance novel, with wonderful characters, lots of very accurate historical and cultural detail, and a very convincing, powerful plot. It is a very hard book to describe, since its plot sounds immensely improbable, but it rings true and sound. Claire and Jamie are very real to me, and I have great appreciation for the respect that Gabaldon gives to these characters.  I read an interview with her once in which she said that she intended to tell the story of a marriage, and she is extremely successful with that in this book and its sequals.One of the most interesting things I notices, in my re-reading, is that there are details that I missed the first time around that show that a great deal of forethought has gone into the way the series is constructed.  This is quite remarkable, since this book alone is very long, and the overall series is sprawling and complex.  There are details that tie the characters to the later books.If you have not read these, be prepared to be delighted and moved.  I am looking forward, with some anxiety, to reading The Fiery Cross overy Christmas,and I really don't want to be disappointed by it because I love these characters and the general premise of the books so much.
It's a Pulitzer Prize-winning novel, so it's not standard easy reading.  The best suggestion I got was to find notes or a summary of the characters and narrative first so you don't have to slowly figure it out for yourself as you read it.  Each of the four sections is written from a different character's point of view as the narrator.  The first section is the most difficult, and I liked the third section best (I found it to be funny).  I can see that Faulkner did an excellent job of inhabiting the four separate narrators' characters.  This is one of those books everyone should read, and I'm glad I did, it's just not easy.
I've had this book for several months now, and read various sections of it. Though not all. Kinda lengthy, you know. But you can use just the portions needed for your stuff. Erl's examples help give it flesh. I find the jargon is still sometimes too much. But he didn't make that up. Seems to be what we all're stuck with in SOA.Be VERY cautious of some other recent reviews of the book. Two or three of them gave very negative reports. But mayhaps they didnt read very much of it? Hey check this out. Some of them only have done one review. Of this book. Bit suss, eh? Are those real reviews? Heck, are those real reviewers?
The Little house books are good.  I'm reading them to my Grandchildren and we are all enjoying them!  After we read the books I told them we'll get the tv series!
This book is written in free verse in a diary format.  It is presented from a young boy's view who resists poetry assignments from his teacher.  His name is Jack and he hates poetry because he thinks it is for girls and his brain feels empty. His wise teacher Ms. Stretchberry doesn't give up and just keeps handing out poetry assignments to her class.  Jack has to respond because assignments are mandatory, and then a beautiful thing happens.  The more he write poems the more he realizes that maybe they are not so bad after all.  Constantly writing he discovers he does have something to say and when his words are all typed up on yellow paper....man, they look mighty fine indeed and he feels very, very proud of himself and exuberantly happy.Written with heart, Sharon Creech inspires through Jack that you can find your voice, you can unleash new creative ideas and skills that are buried deep inside of you and best of all you can have great fun doing it.  Yes you can..... before you say you can't .... at least give it a try before you give it up.
I'm a huge fan of whatever you call this type of investing - strategic asset allocation, buy and hold (and rebalance), passive investing, asset class investing, etc.  Essentially not active investing (where active management is some form of selection or timing - selecting a stock or a sector or a fund or a currency or a manager or trying to time one of those).This is a sensible way to invest and generate great results (IF you can stay disciplined and not fall to certain behavioral traps).  There are some other good books related to this - books by Swedroe, Hebner, Ferri, etc.Highly recommended.
The book follows the format of a standard personality psychology textbook, and contains similar basic information on the subject matter, but is more entertaining.  I find Making Sense of People useful for understanding myself and other people.For example, I recently read and reviewed &#8220;Barack Obama The Story&#8221; by David Maraniss.  Some reviews state that Maraniss did not give enough information to understand Obama&#8217;s personality.  In Making Sense of People, Dr. Barondes wrote:&#8220;Although Obama is every bit as exceptional as Clinton, he doesn&#8217;t think of himself as special.  Although he isn&#8217;t very gregarious and enjoys his privacy, he is hardly detached.  Although he has clear goals and strong opinions, he isn&#8217;t blindly certain that he&#8217;s right.  And his imperturbability and low Neuroticism make him the opposite of vulnerable.  In Obama&#8217;s case, then, I see no signs of patterns that can be considered maladaptive.&#8221;Dr. Barondes&#8217; comments on the personalities of Bill Clinton, Ralph Nader, Oprah Winfrey, Benjamin Franklin, and Steve Jobs, were also interesting.I recommend this book to people that are interested in the basics of personality psychology, but who do not want to read an entire textbook with all its details, particularly psychology research methods.
George and Lennie are drifters, moving from rural property to rural property, they go wherever work takes them. They stay for as long as their luck lasts, doing whatever the current job demands, but come what may George and Lennie stick together. George is small, fast to loose his temper and smart. Lennie is big, always affable and dim-witted. Lennie needs George to look after him, and George sometimes wishes that he was able to live life free and easy, free to gamble and booze his money away. Lennie's slow wit often gets him into trouble in the rough and tumble, male world of the rural society. Now "a few miles south of Soledad" George and Lennie are about to start a new job. Before they enter the property the two camp out overnight so George can enjoy the scenery. This proves to be the calm before the storm as the two are about to experience life-changing events.This is a short book, being just under 100 pages, but it contains much to be thought about. Steinbeck describes in detail the harsh way men choose to live. He notes how, in this environment, some men rise to become leaders, being hero-worshiped in such a way that their word becomes almost gospel in the minds of other men. But Stienbeck, through the friendship of George and Lennie, also notes that there is another, more caring way for men to live. Of course even those who follow a philosophy of caring live in the real world of struggle in which circumstances are not easy to resolve, and Steinbeck is well aware of this. Steinbeck's beliefs are informed by his knowledge of Christianity, but one does not have to slavishly follow that religion to agree with what he is saying. This book was first published in 1937, but is contains ideas that have finally flourished in the New Age Men's movement of the late Twentieth Century.This book is stylistically interesting. Steinbeck deliberately wrote his prose in a way which imitates plays (drama). Events take place in a set 'scene' and characters enter, interact and leave. Dialogue, rather than action, is emphasized. The author, indeed, later wrote a theater version of this story. He did the same thing with the book _The Moon is Down_. Through Steinbecks skillfully woven dialogue we gain a good understanding of his main characters and Lennie is one of his most poignant creations. The climaxes of this tale, and there are more than one, are also memorable.John Steinbeck is of course a famous author and this is one of his most well known novels. I am glad to say I did not find it in the least disappointing and I am very happy to award it five stars.
This book is a classic that should be added to every child's library. The language is beautiful and the illustrations are gentle. Great read!
Abraham Verghese is a master of story-telling.  He has managed to weave together--intricately, beautifully--the threads of several nationalities, cultures and religions in the context of actual historical events and places.  The careful reader furthermore comes away with an abundance of fascinating information, great wisdom and applicable life lessons.  The social worker in me is further intrigued by the intertwining of loss and abandonment issues and the relationship/differentiation issues of identical twins, all against the backdrop of medical practice. This was definitely a book worth writing, and certainly worth everyone's while to read it.
Douglas Kennedy has created a character, Jane Howard, who survives multiple betrayals and then endures a heart break that leaves her wanting to "leave the world." This was an engrossing, well-written book with the exception of a laspe in judgment by the author toward the end of the book when Jane becomes involved in the case of a missing girl. This was one sub-plot that simply lacked credibility and added nothing to our understanding of Jane's character. I will definitely read more books by Douglas Kennedy despite my disappointment in this portion of an otherwise engaging novel.
This is a very worthwhile read for those who are looking at sharpening their chart trading! It offered even more than I expected and I considered giving it five stars - but had trouble reading the chart illustrations on a Kindle.
Enjoy reading this author's books. Will read all that he has written. Main character different, kind of a sad soul but I like his investigative skills.
I've read a few c++ books in past year but usually came to be dissapointed with the book by the end of first few chapters. Most books spend much time telling you how well others learn using their book, how they've been doing this a long time, and all kinds of stuff that has to do with nothing. However, Deitel & Deitel books seem to be made of something different. For a beginner that is willing to spend time in order to learn the material this book is "PERFECT". It includes many examples and each example is then reviewed line by line explaining nearly every single piece of code. Granted that for those already experienced in other programming languages learning from this book might require some skimming, but this book will probobly even have something for those already in knowledge of the language. This book is based on the Visual Studio C++ Version 6.0. A trial version of the software is included with the book on CD and will be very helpful to those that don't have or can't afford Visual Studio 6.0  Currently the newest version is Visual Studio .NET which i assume is covered in the newer editions of this book. As a final recommendation: "BUY THIS BOOK" it WILL help you learn if you are WILLING to read it.
The period between WWI and WWII in USA and Europe provides vivid vignettes to illuminate basic concepts of macro-finance, e.g. currency, debt, inflation, trade balances.  The writing is captivating and the author brings the key personalities to life.  As someone w no econ background, I found the anecdotes in this book to solidify many of the somewhat abstract concepts that are routinely referenced in modern day discussions of financial crises and the global economy.  It's also refreshing to revisit the history of a period, predominantly portrayed in terms of political events and military acts, from an alternate (i.e. finance-centric) perspective.  History clearly repeats itself (with crashes and booms), and there are many lessons to be drawn from this fascinating and tumultuous period.  The most ominous warning is a paraphrase near the beginning of the book from a best-selling 1909 pamphlet, which professed that the highly interlinked global economy of the time would provide the ultimate disincentive for any large-scale military conflict.  Many of us may be tempted to make similar statements today.  Those of us who do should be prepared to be proven very very wrong.
The premise of this book is quite simple, if you do what is reasonable, what everyone expects, you will have a reasonable, mediocre business.  If your goal is to have an outstanding business, you need to Be Unreasonable.Paul Lemberg uses his vast business experience and entrepreneurial instincts to teach the methods to develop a remarkable business.The book is well written and easy to read.  The lessons are clear and compelling.  If you follow his advice, you will dramatically improve your business.Lemberg starts the book by explaining why you need to be unreasonable.  Being unreasonable will be uncomfortable, so he gives you the steps necessary to get out of your comfort zone.  He also explains that being unreasonable is not the same as being unrealistic.He then tackles unreasonable strategy.  Part of your strategy should be to plan your exit strategy as you start your business.  Far too many entrepreneurs get so caught up in building a business they have no exit strategy. They often build a business that can't run without them.  They can't exit the business.He then covers unreasonable thinking, unreasonable tactics and unreasonable execution.The book looks at business in an unreasonable way.  However if you truly want a business that has outstanding growth and profits, you must do lots of unconventional things.  This is a great blueprint for building and unreasonable business and life.
I greatly enjoyed this book.  To start with, it is a nice size and has many many color reproductions of paintings of the people and places... since they were royalty, this is often great art, so the larger size qualifies it as a small art/picture book.There is, of course, well written, engaging text on the lives of these people and the intertwinings of public and personal history.  In this story, we see how the seeds of revolution were sown by moving the royals away from the city, so that two generations later we have people who are completely unfamiliar with real life outside Versailles.Some will find this confusing and frustrating because so often names were similar or honorific titles overlapped.  Person A is called "Monsieur" by person B, but person C calls him "Sir John" and person D calls him by his title, the second Earl of the Whoosie.  Do be prepared to flip back and forth to clarify whether is is the Duke of Borne or the Duke of Burne (I just made that name up, but you get the idea), especially when they are married to each other's sister, and every other woman is named Marie Thereses or Anne Marie.  All this to say it does require some attentiona and committment from the reader.The reward is a rich history where personal piques shaped the lives of hundreds, and in many cases, misshaped the lives more than a corset misshapes the body.  The writing is often witty but we see enough of their foibles to care about these folks too.  Informative and enjoyable.
This is a three novel package, which was great, because once I finished the first, I was ready for more. Classic noir murder mysteries, set against Nazi Germany. Thoroughly enjoyed the books. I am pleased to see there are several more Bernie Gunther novels. I enjoy them more by reading them in order.
First of all, If you think this is hard to follow/understand, then I will bet you will never learn NO matter what program you get. Did negative revierws really expect to learn spanish( or any language) by listening to 2 cds ?!!!!!. Thomas did a great job of introuding people to language essentials, common words, and practical use of verbs. Not only that but you will end up with confidence to start practising and speak the language(in a limite way).Great learning program for people to start with. I found out I could borrow the cds from many public libraries, which is what I did. I would say this is the best 4 hour-series I have come across. Knowing thousands of words will not do you any good till you start putting them into practical use (which is what Thomas teaching you to do).
These two packages are hands down the first choice among professionals for web design. Photoshop is easily the most popular image editing and creation application, and has enjoyed the unrivaled position at the top of the design industry for years. Dreamweaver is the favored took for taking all these beautiful graphics and arranging them for display on the web.This is about a two (maybe three) day book, if you already have some knowledge of Photoshop.  Add another day or two if you do not. One really strong point in the book is its concern with things like how fast the web page loads. So many earlier web sites were so extensively graphics oriented that people got tired of waiting for them to load. The site being designed in the book uses small but carefully designed graphics to add eye appeal.
I have some prior Joe Celko books which have been my 'goto' books for SQL challenges.  This one, in comparison to my other books, delves deeper and more technically into the specific areas of Trees and Hierarchies.  It's laid out well and progresses in a logical manner.  I would recommend this book for SQL smarties any day of the week.  **Update**  I have spent some more time with this book.  It has been very informative.  Since I am self-taught this book has required more of my time and attention to get the lessons out of it.  I think I may need another book on the subject to develop my skills more in this area.
A brilliant book by David Rohl that buttresses his New Chronology in several ways.  Rohl is picking up, in essence, where his ex-colleagues Peter James, et al., left off.  Namely, that there is no Greek Dark Ages.  The archaeology of Greece is tied to the over-extended chronology of Egypt, which means that Greek cities are occupied, then unoccupied for three hundred years or so, then occupied again by people who are oddly similar to the guys from three hundred years ago.  He also shows how a whole bunch of Greek myths, fables, and histories all of a sudden match up with Hittite, Mesopotamian, and Egyptian, and even biblical, records when the chronology of Greece is lowered.  The Trojan war in the 800s makes more sense as it relates to stratigraphy, the founding of Rome, the Sea Peoples, the collapse of Minoan civilization, the eruption of Thera, the Dorian invasions, et cetera.  Figures like Inachus, Cecrops, Pelops, Mopsus, Aeneas, Tuecer, and on and on and on now fit into history, and actually, many times, have actual counterparts in the written historical records.  An essential entry.
Like most people I know, I have had chronic pain in certain areas of my body for ages. For me, it started with a moped accident when I was 17. I wasn't horribly injured, but my back and leg were yanked out of place and I was never quite the same after. At first, my lower back was affected. Then my hip, and my neck.After a few years, I went to a chiropractor. It helped a little, but it didn't actually fix me. The pain was just always nagging at me, getting worse over time. I tried acupuncture, yoga, weight lifting, Pilates, supplements, meditation, massage, those two little green balls, you name it. Nothing worked. Each time I'd be super hopeful, I'd get a little relief, but in the end it wasn't a cure.Finding this book was like a miracle. I read some of the reviews here, and ordered it online. It was hard to just do the hydration part and be patient and not stretch. Still, I did it. I didn't actually do all of the supplementation he suggests though. What I did do was:-buy several good water bottles and keep them with me always to stay hydrated-buy and take fish oil, the systemic enzymes, and the hyaluronic acid-I already take a multiThe first time I did the stretches was like a revelation. It was like every stretch I'd ever done before this book was a joke. I'd never been able to properly stretch my neck in my life. When I did the side of neck stretch, I felt such profound relief I swear I was practically in tears. Seriously.You know what it's like when you have a terrible headache, and then you take some pain killers, and there's that moment when it goes away? The relief is awesome. Well, there are stretches in this book that are like that. They can actually make the pain go away.He puts the tools, and the control over your healing, in your hands.If you're not a person who stretches, be sure to take it easy at first. He cautions you not to overdo it, and I think that's very important to stress.Bottom line, I'm curing old injuries that I thought would never go away thanks to this book.
The recently passed away military historian, Sir John Keegan, presents here his highly acclaimed recounting of the allied effort to drive the Germans out of France in 1944-45. Starting out as a highly personal recounting of his own experience in western England, away from the bombings of London, and then with the first British and then American troops preparing for insertion in Normandy in 1944, Keegan combines his characteristically mastery of detail and ability to tell great history in this overview of the key times on the Western Front in World War II. I highly recommend this book.
Little House on the Prairie by Laura Ingalls Wilder is a classic about Wilder's life as a child settling in Indian Country. It tells what life was like back then, and it is from the point of view of someone who actually experienced it, which is cool. It begins by telling what it was like, being in he covered wagon for so long. Once they reach their destination, Wilder describes in great detail how their house was built, little by little. These parts sometimes got boring, but sometimes they were interesting, like most of this book was. This book did get a bit racist, sharing the settlers' view that Indians were all wild and crazy, and the land was rightfully the Whites' (not). It got a bit annoying when Wilder included parts like when Pa started to Say something but Ma hushed him. I, like Laura, wanted to know what he was going to say, but only they knew. This was a pretty good, interesting, historical book which I highly recommend.
I loved this book and sorry I didn't know about this author sooner but happy someone told me about this title. Lydia Cassatt, is Mary Cassatt's older sister who suffers with Bright's Disease. Mary paints her sister in several paintings and each chapter brings the painting to life with story and life in the Cassatt household.Beautiful writing and really makes me want to visit the art gallery. There are 5 plates of the paintings within the book to reinforce the image with the chapters ~ really good and short enough to read in one sitting.
Love Penny Vincenzi as an author and this book continues her great story telling and style.  Like her other books, I hated having to put it down to feed the kids !!
I am an attorney and used to studying for exams with a large number of questions from which to prepare.  Until First Aid Q&A came out, there were not many sources with 1000+ questions and that covered multiple subjects.  All and all an excellent question book that I have used for my in class exams and which I intend to use for Step 1.
This is a fine entry in Redfield's &quot;CELESTINE&quot; series. As others have stated, it does feel very &quot;LOST HORIZONish&quot; in plot, but it is much deeper than that.  Redfield asks and challenges readers to  think-not only about his stories, but about the individual reader  themselves. Whoever reads this will have a different opinion on what it  means to them-and that's a good thing! I think every reader will agree that  more positive energy flow from everybody can only result in good things for  the planet.
Another great book in the series by James Patterson.  Would recommend it to the people who enjoy this series!  It was a good read.
Retirementology discusses the behaviors that negatively affect peoples' financial readiness for retirement and the attitudes, biasis and misconceptions that lead to those behaviors. As someone who is about to retire, I wish I had understood much of this many years ago. I recognized myself in most of the discussions.This is not investment advice but attitude and behavior advice.The attitudes and behavior are often illustrated by examples from other familiar contexts. A mistaken behavior and its bad consequences are shown in some non-financial situation then shown again in a financial context. This helps you, the reader, get past some of the dry money talk -- keeps your eyes from glazing over! It also gets the point across in a way that frees you from any biases about finances you might (and probably do) have.As a newly published book, this does not ignore the recent economic and political environment that will make your retirement planning even more important and, yes, more difficult, Again, the author is not giving specific investment advice but is doing the more important job of making it clear that there are issues to be dealt with and that without some clear thinking you are likely to do so in an ineffective way or, most likely, ignore things completely.There are literally hundreds of end notes backing up the statistics and studies the author refers to. You can safely ignore these unless you are skeptical about some of the claims. They are chapter end-notes and not foot notes so they do not distract from an easy read.All in all, this is a valuable book that will likely be overlooked by those who need it the most. If you are young and reading this review take that as a big hint. If you are older do your part and buy this for a younger relative.
Confederacy is absurdly funny.  Life is filled with people like Ignatius and his mom.  They create texture and interest.Let's face it - we all have our foibles and quirks.Looking at life through Ignatius' eyes is entertaining but I also feel how he struggles to live everyday life.There are many levels to this wonderful book.
I've owned this book for quite awhile without reading it, and when I finally did I never expected what I found:  a compelling look into the grief and mental illness under the facade of a &quot;normal&quot; wealthy suburban family.  Focusing mainly on the son (Conrad) and the father (Calvin), the book explores the difficulty of recovering and communicating after the death of a loved one.  Each family member handles the situation differently: for example, Conrad has recently been released from an eight month stay in a mental hospital for trying to commit suicide.  This book is a very quick read and written in such a way that I was able to relate just as well to father and son, and I felt as though I was going through the healing process with them.  Although written in the 70's the book will never lose its relevance.
The book covers a lot of ground. I like the fact the the author starts with servlets rather than with JSP pages. This gives the reader a basis for anything else covered in the field of JSPs. Every single thing is supported by an example, which is very nice.I would like however to warn JSP and Servlet newbies: the book assumes you know how to set up a servlet engine (Tomcat, Jboss, etc). The reason I say that is not because the book does not cover this topic, but because it is very obscure in the book. For example the author tells you that the way you access servlets is by typing you application directory + /servlets/ + the name of the servlet. He, for some reason, assumes that tomcat makes that url pattern the default for accesing servlets. It is not true. Tomcat leaves it up to you to decide hot to access your servlets. So you have to go and modify your web.xml file, which is not covered in the those set up sesctions of the book.If you know how to set things up yourself, this book is invaluable.
Mathematical truths possess a beauty quite unlike any other work known to man, and the ability to appreciate that beauty should not be limited to expert mathematicians. In the preface to his book, Journey Through Genius, William Dunham notes that there are books on the great works of art, literature, and music, but that discussions on the mathematical ``classics'' are scarce. His excellent, thoroughly enjoyable, and articulate book fills that void. Most importantly, the book is written for the layperson, requiring only a familiarity with high school geometry and algebra.A simple elucidation of the greatest mathematical discoveries would be interesting in its own right, but this book goes far beyond that. It also presents fascinating glimpses into the lives of the mathematicians themselves and the cultures in which they worked. For example, we discover that academic positions during the Renaissance were not guaranteed by tenure, but were rather bolstered by successes in public, intellectual ``duels''. As a result, mathematicians kept their discoveries secret, sometimes revealing them only on their deathbeds. We also learn of the ongoing sibling rivalry between the mathematical brothers Jakob and Johann Bernoulli. And we feel sympathy for Georg Cantor, whose counter-intuitive results were widely criticized, driving him to several bouts of mental illness. What emerges overall is an engrossing patchwork presentation of the history of mathematics and of humanity in general.The book is divided into 12 chapters, each describing and proving a ``great'' theorem. These theorems have been chosen to represent discoveries spanning both time (with the notable exception of the first through 16th centuries) and a diverse range of mathematical disciplines. Each chapter sets the historical scene for a great theorem to be proven, and gives short biographies of the mathematicians contributing to its discovery. Moreover, each chapter presents (and proves) many other results, and each concludes with an enlightening epilogue section. These epilogues usually discuss later developments regarding the theorem, and often relate the result to other theorems in the book.The journey begins in the 4th century B.C. with the ancient Greeks. They pondered the problem of quadrature, that is, the use of only a straight-edge and compass to construct a square having the same area of some given figure. The ultimate goal of the Greeks was to ``square'' the circle. Dunham shows us how to easily ``square'' figures such as rectangles, triangles, and arbitrary polygons composed entirely of straight line segments. He concludes with Hippocrates' theorem that a figure composed of curved lines---namely, the lune---can be squared. This gave the Greeks a false hope that the circle could be squared also; later mathematicians showed that the task is impossible.A full two chapters are devoted to Euclid and his famous work, The Elements. The first chapter focuses on Euclid's contributions to geometry, culminating in his proof of the Pythagorean Theorem and its converse. The emphasis here is on Euclid's method, and the epilogue delves into a discussion of non-Euclidean geometry. The second chapter on Euclid describes his lesser-known results in number theory, that branch of mathematics dealing with properties of whole numbers. Euclid used an ingenious argument to show that there are an infinite number of prime numbers, those numbers divisible only by one and themselves.We are next introduced to the brilliant mathematician and engineer Archimedes, who is probably best known for discovering the law of buoyancy. Although he was the mind behind the practical inventions forming the ``one-man army'' that long kept the Romans from conquering Syracuse, Archimedes was happiest doing abstract mathematics. His ``great theorem'' concerns the value Pi, defined to be the ratio of a circle's circumference to its diameter, and his discovery that it also plays a role in the formula for a circle's area. Archimedes also gave the first means of computing Pi to arbitrary precision. The book revisits this topic in its discussion of Isaac Newton's invention of the calculus.The middle ages brought a blight to mathematics and to human innovation in general. The journey continues at the dawn of the Renaissance with the tale of Gerolamo Cardano, a flamboyant and idiosyncratic Italian mathematician. Cardano is known for his discovery of the closed-form solution to the cubic equation A x^3 + B x^2 + C x + D = 0. This is perhaps the most enjoyable story in the book, filled as it is with intrigue, secrecy, tragedy, and brilliant ingenuity.Later chapters deal with results in algebra, number theory, and set theory, including the rather surprising discovery by the Bernoulli brothers that the infinite sum 1/2 + 1/3 + 1/4 + ... diverges. Also highlighted is the genius of Leonhard Euler and his amazing result that the similarly appearing infinite sum 1/1 + 1/4 + 1/9 + 1/16 + ..., the sum of the reciprocals of squares, converges to the improbable value (Pi^2) / 6. Another chapter highlights results from number theory by Euler and Carl Freidrich Gauss. The book concludes with two astounding results by Georg Cantor demonstrating the infinite hierarchy of orders of infinity.The presentation of material throughout the book is consistently clear. Not only is the book well-organized and well-written, but it also contains scores of illuminating figures. Some of these figures are even taken directly from the original publications. To preserve the historical objective of the presentation, Dunham has stayed as closely as possible to the original notation and proofs. His effort pays off handsomely: the historic flavor of the descriptions goes a long way toward conveying the intuition contributing to each discovery.Overall, Journey Through Genius is an excellent survey of truly great and beautiful discoveries in mathematics. The theorems it discusses are indeed ``great'': they are all ground-breaking and surprising, without having complicated proofs. Moreover, the book's fascinating presentation of historical nuances shows the human side of the story, and it helps us to appreciate the true genius of the mathematicians involved. One cannot help but feel a sense of awe for both the mathematicians and the discoveries themselves. I highly recommend this immensely rewarding book....
Credit card debt is something many Americans fear -- and justifiably so. "How You Can Profit From Credit Cards: Using Credit to Improve Your Financial Life and Bottom Line" is a practical, effective, informative, and 'user friendly' guide to using the creator of debt to become the obliteration of debt and a boon for personal and professional financial success. A guide to credit management and the responsible use of credit cards to increase credit rating and even to make money, "How You Can Profit From Credit Cards" should be considered essential reading for anyone first starting with one or more credit cards and wanting to avoid the pitfalls of excessive and unnecessary debt.
This book takes you through the logical evaluation of personality.  It is an outstanding work in the literature of people and their adaptation to a world of stressors.
It does not matter if you are a fan of London or not this collection will bring happiness to any reader. This book compasses a lot of the greatest short stories of the author, plus a few letters and Call of the Wild. This is truly a great book.
McKinsey & Company is a world-famous strategic consulting company, also known as "The Firm". Ethan Rasiel worked at McKinsey & Co. for several years and provides a quick, clear introduction into management consulting firm's problem solving methods. "I wrote this book with the goal of communicating new and useful skills to everyone who wants to be more efficient and effective in business. ... In addition, this book will give any executive woho works with management consultants, whether McKinsey or elsewhere, some insight into how these strange beings think."The book is split up into five parts. In Part I, Ethan Rasiel explains the McKinsey-way of thinking about business problems. The author explains that the solution of the problem needs to be fact-based (facts are friendly), rigidly structured (MECE = mutually exclusive), and hypothesis-driven (solve the problem at the first meeting - the initial hypothesis). In addition, the author explains how McKinsey-ites approach business problems and apply the McKinsey problem-solving process to maximum effect. There is also a short introduction into a number of rules which McKinsey-consultants use for problem-solving purposes: the 80/20-rule, find the key drivers, the elevator test - sell in 30 seconds, make a chart every day, look at the big picture, say "I don't know", and don't accept "I have no idea".In Part II, the author introduces the McKinsey-way of working to solve business problems. The author explains the selling process at McKinsey (the Firm does not sell, it markets), how to structure an engagement, and assembling of a team. Then the author comes to the most important part of the book, doing research, conducting interviews (the author insists on reading Chapter 8 - Conducting Interviews - "If you read no other chapter of the book from start to finish, read this one."), and brainstorming.In Part III, the author, and the McKinsey-way of selling solutions. This part discusses the way McKinsey makes presentations, which is one of the strongest parts of McKinsey according to the author, displays data with charts (read Gene Zelazny (1985), 'Say it with Charts'), and the way to work with clients.In Part IV, Rasiel gives some lessons how "McKinsey-ites" have learned for coping with the stresses of life at the Firm, and in Part V, the author recounts the lessons he learned at McKinsey and shares memories of various ex-McKinsey-ites. Both Part IV and V are 'a waste of paper' in comparison to the first three parts, but gives a little insight into what goes on behind the scenes at McKinsey & Co.Yes, I can understand that some readers are disappointed by this book as it gives just an introduction into management consultancy (and McKinsey & Co). The author introduces the various problem-solving methods and tools, but does not discuss them in great detail. The author has responded to these criticisms by publishing The McKinsey Mind in 2002, which addresses this issue somewhat. However, for more details on the problem-solving methods and tools you will still have to read some other literature. I recommend you purchase The McKinsey Way if you want an introduction into management consultancy, and The McKinsey Mind if you want an introduction into problem-solving methods and tools.
Professor Monks has done an excellent job of summarizing and giving worked out problems for a very useful field of industry that is often neglected in pure and applied mathematics.  This neglect, especially at the pre-college level but also at higher levels, makes it harder for management and  operations research college instructors to convey the quantitative methods  to their students.  These methods are fascinating and include statistical  forecasting (with time series and exponential smoothing, correlation,  regression), statistical quality control, production scheduling and control  (linear programming, dynamic programming), manufacturing /service and  maintenance (queuing theory, reliability, simulation, calculus), budgeting,  inventory, etc.  I recommend this book for everybody in business for  themselves or for others and for students at all levels in order to tie in  their studies more practically with the real economic world.  In addition,  the more people are familiar with the methods, the less employment mistakes  will be made since so many of the methods interact with hiring, firing,  temporary layoffs, etc.  With more talent in the field, alternative methods  can be developed and tried (for example, present theory assumes that a lot  of things involve independent or non-influencing events, but a lot of  events are very interdependent and the theory needs far more development  there - see my review of Castillo).
Murakami is a well know, quirky writer who has authored a number of novels and has a cult following. Although he is Japanese, and writes primarily in Japanese, his English is good enough that he also translates (professionally?) between the two languages.Murakami is also a runner. While his times are only pretty good, e.g., a marathon in about 3:30, he has been at it for 25 or so years, and he has true runner's view of running, if that makes sense. I can say this because I have been running for about 35 years and, although my times are a bit faster than his, I can see that Murakami is clearly one of "us" -- those people to whom running comes naturally. Not that he is fast, just that it is natural for him to run.This book offers Murakami's personal take on running, as well as writing. If you are a fan of his writing, then this book will be a must-read. Even if you do not care one whit about his novels, however, this book offers a good view into the mind of those of us for whom running is a calling of sorts, a natural part of our lives.
of all the books i own (and that/s quite a lot), my evil nemesis, upon moving in, found this book and has spent the last few days raving abt how great it is. i would, acourse, agree - i had the original and now have the  expanded edition. it/s onea those books that inclines you to think about  things you ordinarily wouldn/t. and yes, it *is* funny.a wouldn/t miss,  for me.
I read an article written by Bill O'Neil once where he said he was amazed at how many people threw money at the market like playing darts and took little intertest in trying to learn how to do better.  Then when they lose money they blame someone else.  This book is written in plain language that anyone can understand.  With this book and a little research on your own into various charting tools available via your trading account or just on the web you can succeed.  I started with a virtual portfolio and practiced until I consistently made money and then went real.  It was not exactly the same, but I adjusted for the differences and now my decisions to buy or sell based on the info in this book are 70% dead on and the other 30% are dealt with quickly and produce a small amount of damage.  Thank you Mr O'Neil for sharing this stuff with us.
More than wishful thinking, this shows science and proof in mind over matter. Thank you Lyn St. James for this Xmas gift. It led her to race in the Indy 500 and become Rookie of the Year. May I be so lucky to follow in my own dreams. Cathy
This psychologically blas&eacute; look at an insane and mercilessly cruel tycoon is quietly some of the legendary writer's best work. What a shame that one of Greene's fabulous shorter books has been out of print. Find it!
This is one great read on a program that many of our clients and customers now refer to before hiring. Terry Brock and Gina Carr walk us thru the ins and outs of this program in an easy to read primer on the subject. If you want to matter in on social media you owe it to yourself to read this book!
A copy of this book should be hand delivered to every CEO and VC in America.  It opens your eyes to unlimited opportunities if you're willing to consider the concepts so deftly laid out by the estimable author, C.K. Prahalad.  Once again, Wharton School Publishing presents us with an important piece of work.
I thought this was a very good book to read.  It's obvious that Greene is not a fan of the United States and that to him the overwhelming majority of Americans are idealistic and naive do gooders who blindly believe their way is the only way, even if people get hurt.  As an American, I can admit there is some truth in what Greene says...I can see that when my country looks in the mirror, but his perspective on the US comes through in an over the top way at times.That said, the story is a quick and enjoyable read and the characters are well done.  I think it's a book that most will enjoy and that any young service member who is being posted abroad should read.
This is really a well written book.  I was surprised at the title; "Easy Money".  Interesting information in very readable style and you can start implementing money saving ideas immediately.  She starts from basic to more complex.  So, for anyone just starting out on an investment and financial plan, this is an excellent book.  Even those with plans in place may get some cool tips on simplifying their strategies and pick up new tips to save even more.  A book well worth the time to read.
A long time ago, I remember liking THE KENNEDY WIT--editedby Bill Adler . . . he then came out with several books of a similarnature, including THE UNCOMMON WISDOM OF JACQUELINEKENNEDY ONASSIS and THE QUOTABLE GUILIANI . . . inall of these, he collected memorable quotes and comments (byothers) about the personality involved and put them into a short,but insightful book that gave me a real feel for the person.Adler does the same with his latest, THE WORLD ACCORDINGTO MARTHA . . . he presents Martha Stewart in her own words andin doing so, gave me a glimpse into her world . . . it almost feltlike she was talking to me directly.I also liked the accompanying photos.But best of all were Stewart's musings on a wide variety of subjects,including:* What do they need and want? These are our mantras.* I think animals really add something to a household. I can't imagine ahouse that's empty, quiet, without any animals. I just think animalsare charming. . . . The animals are always bringing me joy andalways bringing me happiness. And when they're ill, I worry a lotabout them. . . . All my animals are extremely pampered. In fact,most of my friends said they would like to come back as one ofmy pets.* I'm bothered by things that hurt people, like smoking, like drinkingin excess, like being mean. If people choose to paint their housea hideous color, that doesn't bother me. I won't tell them outrighttheir choice is really bad. But I'll do that for smoking.Naturally, there was even some useful homemaking advice:* Get that stuff off the bookcases that doesn't belong there and givethose books you'll never read to the library for a sale. Get rid of thatfaddish junk you never use in those kitchen drawers. And take outthat rosebush you hate. It's simplify, simplify, simplify.* This may seem backward to some, but it makes perfect sense.When you fold the sheet back, the finished edge, monogram orother decorative detail faces up.
I don't read many fiction books.  I mostly stay with non-fiction.  I saw the preview of the movie, and had to read the book.  I thoroughly enjoyed this story, which I see as a very twisted love story--sort of a Belle meets Beast....I've not read _Silence of the Lambs_, and therefore am unaware if Dr. Lector got such a humane treatment in the original.  Regardless, I was mesmerized by the written treatment of the 4 main characters: Hannibal Lector, Clarice Starling, Rinaldo Pazzi and Mason Verger.  They each seemed to personify various character flaws.  It was fascinating to see Dr. Lector outside of prison cells.Having heard about how gory the book was, I was surprised that it wasn't quite as bloody as I would have thought.  As I read the final 25 pages, which constitutes the finale, I bursted out laughing.  I will give this to Mr. Harris:  He has a very sick sense of humor!  I felt I had read the 80 previous pages just to arrive at a deliciously grotesque slap-shot routine.My favorite line from the book:&quot;I don't expect you to change your attitude entirely, as the other Paul did, Mr. Krendler.  You are not on the road to Damascus . . . All we ask is that you keep an open mind.&quot;
As I closed the cover for the last time on Audrey Niffenegger's novel, I was extremely sad.  Sad to see the end of an extraordinary story, sad because of the way the story ended, and sad because we have just experienced an untimely death in our family.  All of these together brought tears to my eyes.  This is a beautifully written book, and I personally will never forget Clare and Henry.  This book is not all sad.  There are some truly funny and heartwarming moments in it as well.  The plot is so imaginative that it took my breath away.  It also took me a little time to get with the lack of chronological order (at least in Henry's life as he time travels back and forth).  But the thread through the book that keeps it sane and makes it real is the love between Henry and Clare.  This book shows how long true love can pesevere through all kinds of difficulties.  Faith and hope are always the glue that binds true lovers together.  This is a truly magnificent story.  I truly feel blessed to have read this wonderful book and to experience Henry and Clare's love.
A Life for the Stars is the second novel according to internal chronology in James Blish's famous Cities in Flight series.  Unlike the much more serious first installment, They Shall Have Stars (1956), A Life for the Stars is generally regarded as a juvenile work (i.e. science fiction for a younger audience containing a positive moral message, an intelligent but poor teen boy struggling against all odds, etc).The serious hard sci-fi edge which I found so appealing in They Shall Have Stars is replaced with a delightfully hokey premise accompanied by a genuine sense of wonder (only if you refrain from constantly laughing at the premise), and surprisingly little political moralizing which often plagues 50s and 60s juveniles.  I found this superior to Blish's earlier juvenile, The Star Dwellers (1961).And really, who can resist nomadic space-faring Earth cities heading for the allures of distant planets!?!A solid juvie.  Although not as good as Heinlein's Starman Jones (1953), Farmer in the Sky (1950), or Citizen of the Galaxy (1957) it's worth reading for fans of this sci-fi "sub-genre"...Brief Plot SummaryFuture Earth -- depopulated, economically depressed, poverty stricken, politically repressive -- is covered with the shells of once thriving great cities.  Our young hero, Chris, lives near Scranton PN, once a mining hub.  Chris is an intelligent yet poor boy whose father, a onetime professor when universities still existed, teaches him everything his knows.The previous installment of the series, They Shall Have Stars, concerned the development of two technologies -- the spindizzies ( intersteller drives) and a life prolonging serum.Scranton, and many other cities around the world, installs a spindizzie drive to transport the city to greener pastures in the reaches of spaces.  The inhabitants of the spacefaring cities are called Okies (i.e. historical migrations to Oklahoma, etc).While Chris and his dog are watching Scranton prepare for departure he falls afoul of an impressment gang who kill his dog and take him onboard the departing city.  Scranton is ruled with an iron fist by the city manager who decides to find a planet to start a mining operation.With little chance to rise in the ranks or get an education, Chris leaves Scranton for the spacefaring New York which they encounter on the way.  In New York Chris receives an education and decides to receive citizenship.  Unlike Scranton, New York is controlled by the mechanical "Founding Fathers" and the mayor Amalfi.The "tension" arises when New York encounters Scranton on a distant planet violating its terms of settlement and mining rights.  It's up to New York to set things aright by kicking Scranton out and for Chris to save the day!Final ThoughtsThe novel's final dismount is tensionless and hasty even by juvenile standards.  However, the lead-up is on the whole quite enjoyable.  Yes, the premise is outrageously silly but the message is a positive one -- despite having a lack of structured education, Chris is able to rigorously apply himself and eventually succeed.The concept of mankind vacating one's planet is powerful and alluring.  But, I couldn't stop laughing because the question of food production for an entire city while in deep space is never mentioned.An enjoyable, fast, read...  If only I read it when I was 11!
Middle elementary school.I cannot remember a single one of these fables, which is because Lobel created them.  They are fun with unexpected twists and wonderful morals.Per usual, Lobel has superb, interesting, expressive, and fun illustrations.  There is one illustration for each fable.
I liked this story when I first read it because I was able to relate to the main character Anna. My family always teased me about me being clumsy  and in a way Anna and I had the same thoughts. Its really a good book  because Anna makes small miracles in herself.
this book is a must read for all ages! i could not put it down i really like the books from Frances Hodgson Burnett he is a great author and is amazingly talented i give a BIG thumbs up to this book!  if u have not read this book but r wondering to get it or not, just get it u will be glad u did! i was!!
I have read many books on anxiety, especially when i was going through it full force. Most focus on strategies and helpful techniques.  While this book also does this, it adds something invaluable, a human connection.Jamie Blyth describes his bout with panic vividly and without shame.  These particular chapters were the most powerful and in my view helpful.  Its rare to read the awful situation that one with panic can go through, and then his struggle and strength of conviction to make it through.  I applaud the author for this.  Finally someone uses his 15 minutes of reality fame to help others.  he should be applauded.
Simply wonderful. Covers not only romantic, familial, and friendly relationships but focuses on the heart of the matter: women loving and respecting ourselves. Choosing appropriate relationships and nurturing them is only one part of that more important aim. bell hooks urges us to focus on being complete within ourselves - difficult for all women in our culture, particularly so for women of color.Her observations are wise. Her grasp of history is absolute. Her ideas stimulate intelligent and loving thought, conversation, and action. Read this book.
McEwan blends spionage, love, crime and real historical facts, creating a romance which does not fit in any genre. A beautifully crafted epilogue casts new light on the whole story. Quite McEwanish!
There are several top-notch mystery writers from cold climes. Mr. Indridason is one. He mostly reminds me of Henning Mankell, which is good company. His protagonist, Inspector Erlender, is a loner, a failed husband and father, contemptuous of authority, challenging as a colleague but a good cop. One of his few virtues as a person is his sobriety; unlike some of our other favorites he doesn't drink to excess. Others have summarized the plot; suffice it to say that if you enjoy the somewhat understated mysteries of Mankell and a few others you will like this one. If you need lots of action, car chases and gunfire look elsewhere. In summation: buy anything written by this author.
Rat-a-tat... Hemingway's prose comes out at a staccato pace in The Sun Also Rises.  One can imagine black and white scenes of a 1930's or 1040's movies with an actors, Humphrey Bogart for instance clipped voice reading the dialogue:"I walked up the road and got out the two bottles of wine.  They were cold.  Moisture beaded on the bottles as I walked back on the trees.  I spread the lunch on a newspaper, and uncorked the bottles and leaned the other against a tree.  Bill came up drying his hands, his bag plump with ferns."Let see that bottle," he said.  he pulled the cork, and tipped up the bottle and drank.  "Whew!  That makes my eyes ache.""Let's try it."The wine was icy cold and tasted faintly rusty."That;s not such filthy wine,"Bill said."The cold helps it," I said.  We unwrapped the Little parcels of lunch."Chicken.""There's hard-boiled eggs.""Find any salt?"First the egg, said Bill.  "Then the chicken.  Even Bryan could see that.""He's dead.  I read it in the paper yesterday.""No. Not really?""Yes Bryan's dead.""Gentlemen," he said and unwrapped a drumstick from a piece of newspaper.  "I reverse the order.  For Bryan's sake.  As a tribute to the Great commoner.  First the chicken;then the egg."Hemingway worked meticulously at crafting his writing, whittling it down to the bare essence and The Sun Also Rises his first novel is a perfect example of this there are no extra phrases and much is left to the readers imagination, even Jake Barnes war injury which left him impotent is rarely mentioned but always a integral part of the story.  It is so stripped down that it is accessible to all with no need to get out the dictionary, although much is left for the reader to fill in.While Hemingway deftly crafts his characters, he does so with spare brush strokes, so much is left for the reader to fill in and life's experiences will shape how the reader perceives each.  Essentially there are four major character Jake Barnes the impotent writer/journalist, Brett, Lady Ashley, the twice married dissolute thirty-five year old  socialite, Mike Campbell, Brett's bankrupt fiance, Robert Cohn, a writer friend of Jake's, Bill Gorton another friend of Jake's who has recently arrived in Paris.Hemingway has taken a simple tale, with simple language of a journey to the running of the bulls in Pamplona and formed an intricate novel involving themes of masculinity, nature, religion and honor.  Masculinity is always in the background of The Sun Also Rises.  Jake and Bill rollick on the top of the bus drinking wine from bota bags held at an arms length with the Spanish laborers.  Brett , the temptress, the siren plays the counterpoint to masculinity.  All of the men are drawn to her even the nineteen year old Spanish bullfighter, Romero.As we learn the steers of Pamplona manage the bulls, it is the nature of things.  We note the beautiful Spanish countryside, the changes that the travelers pass through on their journey south through Spain to Pamplona.  We experience the cold water of the Itara river as Jake and Bill fish for trout.  Nature is always an essential part of the novel and contrasted with the bars and bottegas where wine and liquor flow freely.One can't read The Sun Also Rises without some thought of anti-Semitism.  Every time Robert Cohn enters the picture he is described as Jewish.  The other characters constantly denigrate him, while the reader wonders what he has done to be so despised.  He went off with Lady Brett on a trip previously and hopes to reenter the relationship.  It seems this was badly presumptuous and in bad form.There have been numerous explanations and interpretations of this.  The dismissive and portentous one, that it was commonplace of the literature of the time and so allowable.  There is a biographic one, in which The Sun Also Rises is a retelling of Hemingway's own trip to Pamplona and his loss of friendship during this time with Harold Loeb and created Cohn as a way to even the score so to speak.  There is the theory that of course, Hemingway was anti Semitic and there are countless others all of which quite frankly I do not understand.  I do know however that when reading The Sun Also Rises the reader must come to terms with this.  I'm not sure I am there yet.
I started my first book with Donna Tartt by reading Goldfinch.  I fell in love with Ms. Tartt;s writing style.  When I found out she wrote 2 previous books, I quickly downloaded them.  Just finished The Secret History.  It was captivating and very well written.  The story was well written and as usual very discriptive.  I can't wait to read her second book!!
When I was very young and in 4th grade I found this book in my school library. I took it home and was changed. At first I was reasonably distraught by the stories and pictures, but it developed into a morbid curiosity and desire. I'm very glad to own this book now!
This author was trustworthy from page one. The character he created, as small as he is, has a big voice and a story worthy of telling. I was so pleasantly surprised by this book, and so mad at myself for taking so long to read it. While the story is dated, specific to a time and a place, the themes are biblical. This is one of those books where I felt compelled to read passages aloud to whoever was in the room. Bravo, a lot belatedly Mr. Davies.
"The Portable Jung" solved a problem for me: I had always wanted to read some of Jung's work, but I had no idea where to start -- and he has written a lot of very long books. This compendium, edited by Joseph Campbell, luckily turned out to be a very good introduction to Jung's thought.There are 15 essays in the 650 pages, and though as usual some are better than others, by the time I finished "The Portable Jung" I felt I had a much better understanding of his thought. Of course, some of his ideas have been rendered outdated by scientific advances (the causes of schizophrenia, for example), and the long "Answer to Job" didn't answer anything, but still this is a book well worth having.Not having read anything by Jung other than this book, it could be that this is not a good representation of his work, but seeing Campbell as the editor gave me some confidence that it was a fair sample. For newbies like me, "The Portable Jung" is an easily digestible place to start learning about one of the 20th century's great thinkers.
Well, you have to be into Roman history to like this book.  As I have done a lot of reading about this period of Roman history, Imperium was a good easy read that gave me some more insight into the life and importance of Cicero.
We happened upon this book by chance at the library.  After reading the story twice, we ordered both the hardcover and board book from Amazon.  My little girl (10 months old now) loves the story, can hardly wait for the next page.  You can see the excitement build up as she realizes we are getting closer to the HOORAY! at the end of the book.  We have the hardcover for before bedtime reading and since she likes to look at the book herself, but is still a bit destructive with paper pages, the board book is very handy.  (Also fits nicely in the diaper bag.)I would recommend this book for anyone who reads to their child as it is just a fun read.Had to update at 17 months, this is still one of her favorites!
I bought the cassette tape of the Frances stories for the car.  My 3 year old son loves and I mean LOVES the stories.  We bought the books after listening to the tape 200 times.  The Frances stories are hilarious.  Frances loves but sometimes is annoyed with her baby sister Gloria.  Frances insists on eating only bread and jam, only to become utterly bored  with this delicacy.  Frances' friend Albert is a too the point, absolutely  honest child, as most children this age are.  Frances loves chompo bars  which we now buy for our son.  We call the Nestle Crunch bar a chompo and  he is quite happy eating it.  Frances does not like to go to bed and while  it is no longer appropriate to spank a child, which is mentioned in this  book, my son, who have never been spanked, does not dwell on this issue  that book.  Frances also makes up little songs in all of her books which  are hilarious.  My son whom I thought only loves trucks, cars and trains  loves these books and adores the tape.  Accordingly, this book comes highly  highly recommended by one very satisfied 3 (almost 4) year old boy.
While this was purchased as a summer beach read for me, I really enjoyed it more than I expected.  The ideas presented are done so in an easily understandable fashion and are still entertaining while educational.  Overall, a good light read on the subject of trends.
Outstanding work, gives insight to the daily lives to Japanese, Japanese factory works, and what can happen between friends and family after mistakes are made.
Who can argue with the premise of this book: Activities rule, not the clock? If you're looking for how-to approaches to time management, then reading this is book will be well worth your time. There are how-tos and practical easy to use time management activities you can begin using immediately.Whether you work from home or in an office, how you manage your time and energy affects how well you manage your business and, how well you manage your life. Attack Your Day! Before It Attacks You gives you step-by-step ideas, ready to use activities and 101 real life productivity strategies that make good practical sense.The authors are a father and son team of writers. The father Trapper Woods was a seminar leader for Day Timer and became fondly known as "father time." His son Mark picked up the time management gauntlet and continues to carry on his father time saving message.What struck me most about this book is how simple and easy it is to read and understand. Honestly, it actually saves you time just reading it. You can get a feel for how practical the book is, just by the name of the chapters:Chapter 1 - Activities Rule! Not the Clock --- Don't Be A Slave to TimeChapter 2 - Color Your Choice --- The Art of Choosing and RefusingChapter 3 - Carry Your Time in Buckets --- Fine-Tune Your ToolsChapter 4 - Arrange Your Plate --- Think Inside the BoxChapter 5 - Don't Just Execute, Flexicute! --- Learn to Turn on a DimeChapter 6 - The Hocus Pocus of Focus --- Make Time Wasters DisappearAnd, my favorite section 101 Productivity Strategies.I found Attack Your Day! to be well written and filled with simple and practical activities both business people and at home entrepreneurs can use with ease. There aren't any "systems" to learn or products to buy - it's up to you to take the step-by-step suggestions and use the ones that work best for you.According to the authors, the key to success in time management is to understand how the time management paradigm as changed. Here is what the authors say, "The new paradigm is for us to see our work and personal life as one life, with work and activities integrated throughout the 24-hour day." I agree with the authors, time management affects all aspects of our day, not just our working time.I still have to say my favorite section is the 101 Productivity Strategies. Here is a good example: Reduce Overlong Telephone Calls 30 Percent to 50 Percent - this tip is short, practical and to the point with bullet points of how-to actions I found myself using in my business immediately.Time management has to begin somewhere. Attack Your Day! Before It Attacks You gives you an easy to use place to begin managing your time. It is easy to read and the suggestions are simple to use. I recommend this book especially for time management beginners. I believe, anyone who reads this book will leave with at least one new good useable idea to save them time.
Could be more better If it is concise and clear.Peter lynch writing is good and make you to read book effortlessly like breeze.
Adapted deftly from the Little House series made famous by Laura Ingalls Wilder, this gorgeous picture book tells of Laura's first day trip with her family from the Big Woods to the nearby town of Pepin Wisconsin. The writing is charming and warm, the typeface perfect for reading aloud or independently. The illustrations, inspired by Garth Williams' originals, are extraordinary...absolutely beautiful! I would not consider this adaptation to be a "dumbed down" version of the originals, nor it is too juvenile for older readers. Rather it is a perfect transition piece which lends itself to wonderful cuddling and conversation, both of which are important for developing strong readers no matter how old they may be.I would also recommend the hardcover editions. They last longer through many readings and make reading aloud feel like a real treat.Enjoy.
This book is a traditional book for Spanish in terms of the order in which it teaches the grammar. It has good exercises, quizzes, good explanations.Unfortunately, there are a few things that should be challenged in Spanish textbooks and this one is a good example of what could be improved. First, why delay the teaching of past tenses for so long? This creates an intellectual log jam in the latter part of the year or in a self-learner's use of the book.Second, and most serious, the presentation of the subjunctive is confusing. It approaches the problem from the point of view of the various tenses of the subjunctive instead of beginning with an examination of the subjunctive as a group of forms (four tenses), then proceeding to morphology, and finally usage -- organizing the presentation not progressively from tense to tense, but by the situations in which the subjunctive is used: subordinated noun clauses, subordinated adjective clauses, after certain adverbial situations and finally, to express contrafactuals.Each of these situations has its own rules for determining whether the subjunctive is to be used -- plus the problem of sequence of tense to determine which subjunctive form must be used, if the subjunctive must be used. The optimal way to approach the subjunctive is to approach it by organizing it according to these situations (not according to the tenses of the subjunctive), their corresponding rules and the clause structures in which the subjunctive is used.Sincerely,Eric W. Vogt, Ph.D.
My partner is learning more about this to increase retirement savings. He is enjoying the learning experience and recommends that everyone do the same.
i read this book in the early 1970's.  it was, bar none, the most fascinating book that i have ever read.  fast moving, and informative.
Its title comes from a theatrical metaphor, Keegan examining what a commander chooses to reveal of himself to his troops, what he conceals, and what he sometimes invents.But the book is much more than that.  Through an examination of the armies, times, and personalties of four commanders -- Alexander the Great, Wellington, Grant, and Hitler (with a brief look at the command style of John F. Kennedy during the Cuban Missle Crisis) -- he shows us how command tactics and theatrics have evolved from Alexander's leading by example in the thick of battle, an heroic example, to the decidely unheroic and distant Hitler and Kennedy.You'd expect, in a book like this, some look at the politics, military structure, and arms surrounding each leader.  And that's present as well as a look at the mechanics of battlefield communication.  We're also shown how each of the above leaders personifies some leadership style.As with hisThe Face Of Battle, Keegan makes some of his most memorable points through telling details.  We hear of how Alexander's leadership was constricted by the dust of battle, the impossibility of directing combat while heroically hacking at the foe himself; we see how Wellington was distanced from the battlefield by cannons, his vision even more clouded by the gray smoke of guns than Alexander's was by dust, and his intuitive estimation of how fast troops could move against enemies who had just discharged a volley; Keegan talks about the importance of clear and concise dispatches in 19th century battles and how Grant and Wellington's command of English served them well off the battleground; we read transcripts of a micromanaging Hitler who had far better recall of various weapons' characteristics than his commanders but a notable deficeit in strategic thinking.I found it interesting that all the commanders Keegan chose were political leaders, half unifying military and political commands at once, the other half pursuing political careers after their generalships were over.  He doesn't explicity say why this is so, but a concluding chapter on "post-heroic" leadership over nuclear forces implicitly argues for a new style of command by our current military-political leaders.Whether you want a biography of any or all of the commanders studied in this book, a history of how warfare and the process of command changed through millennia, or a look at how a war leader must manipulate his followers with the right mix -- for his society and time -- of love, alienation, fear, and respect, this book is worth reading.
One Simple Idea is a practical, real-world guide that will help you take your ideas and get them to market with minimum investment of time and money. It is a great read that motivates the creative genius inside to think outside of the box, dream big, and get paid for it. One Simple Idea is a 5 star book and a steal for anyone interested in turning ideas into cash.Part 1 focuses on how nice it will be once your ideas pay off and you are earning extra income."Find Your Million-Dollar Idea"  (Part 2) really kicks off the valuable information in the book. This section offers great advice on what makes an idea valuable and marketable. Key emphasizes simplicity and how small ideas can make big money. While this part is good, I think it's also the weakest section in the book. Key only offers three creative thinking methods to come up with ideas . . . each just a paragraph long. He focuses on other idea generation methods that are simpler, but creative thinking techniques can unlock tons of great ideas in my experience. Going in depth here would make this book too long, but it would have been nice to include some additional recommendations for idea generation. For a book that is really strong in this area, check outThinkertoys: A Handbook of Creative-Thinking Techniques (2nd Edition). It makes a great companion toOne Simple Idea: Turn Your Dreams into a Licensing Goldmine While Letting Others Do the WorkAlso in Part 2, Key gives an "idea litmus test" (70-73) to measure the ideas that you dream up. This is a great tool and a step that could be easily missed."Prove Your Idea" (Part 3) offers real world techniques to prove the viability of your idea. The information in this section is easily worth the price of ten copies of the book. Key's thoughts on prototype development (105-110) remove financial and fear barriers from the inventor's equation. Using his methods anyone can test markets with a little research and create great prototypes of their invention with minimal investment."Protect Your Idea" (Part 4) is the most valuable section in the book. If Part 3 saves the price of ten copies, Part 4 could save the price of a thousand copies. The first chapter details Key's method of protection through patents. His thoughts on this (not to mention the additional information on StephenKey.com) could save an inventor thousands of dollars, if not tens of thousands. Getting advice like this from an entrepreneur is more valuable than advice from a patent attorney.The second chapter in this section details the best method to protect yourself when presenting your idea to others. Again, the advice is not just theoretical. Key spells out exactly what to look for and what to add to your agreements (133-134)."Prepare to Pitch Your Idea" (Part 5) details how Key has licensed his products. His two-step method is simple, easy-to-follow, and a great idea. Anyone who has evaluated products of any kind will appreciate his approach. It will give you success more frequently and limit your failures to substance, not style."Submit Your Idea to Potential Licensees" (Part 6) details methods to do just that. Key gives techniques to narrow down your list of companies and even includes access to a part of his site that will give you the names of more than 1,300 companies that license products through open innovation (see page 173). Chapter 17 then details what to do once you narrow your list of companies down. Key's advice on cold-calling is practical and very helpful. This section could easily be applied to a wide variety of businesses. Key has obviously made many thousands of calls over the years and presents methods that will help you secure a licensing agreement."Bring Your Ideas to Market" (Part 7) gives a brief overview of how to negotiate and cut your first licensing deal. While there is not enough information in this section to answer all your questions, it is a great start. It is helpful to know what the going rate for royalties on inventions is, and Key does not hold back any information.Be sure and check out the last two pages of the book for Key's 10 Steps from Idea to Market (222-223). He references the steps a couple of times throughout his book, and finally gives them all in one place at the very end."Appendix: Valuable Resources" is the last part of the book. The only thing better than a great book is a great book that points you in the right direction to learn more. Most of the resources on this page direct you to a section of Key's website. The advice is valuable, though the page on his site could be better organized and indexed with hyperlinks. Also, the recommended business book section is weak with only two books recommended. However, this could all be updated quickly and the resources themselves are very valuable.*Pros- Excellent advice. Real-world help, not conceptual theory.- Will help you take your ideas to the marketplace- Additional resources and the value added from this book outweigh the cost of the book a thousand times over*Cons- Weak on the creative thinking & idea generation sections- References other chapters throughout the book. Helpful if you read a chapter here and there, annoying if read cover to cover- Uses same examples too often. I know much more than I want to about Michael Jordan's Wall Ball now.If you are interested in a book that can actually deliver on its promise to make you money with minimal investment, this is a great one. It is refreshing to read a book that gives real advice, has very little theoretical filler, and clocks in at less than 240 pages. It is a book you will read through once and refer too often when you come across a great idea that has market potential. Buy it and, as two of Key's students say on page 151, "Invent yourself out of a day job one idea at a time."
I read this book about 10 years ago and then worked (on the phone) with Dr. Moine.I now own a brokerage firm and insist that all my sales people study this book. It is not a simple, easy read.  Most books on sales are a lot of fluff and platitudes.If you want to make big $ in sales, well into 6 figues, study this book.  Thanks Dr. Moine.
This book had a huge impact on me in my 20s. I read it while recovering at Walter Reed Army Medical Center. I was stunned by how well it rang true to my army experience, and expanded on my understanding of it. (Of course I'd never been to battle, as we were at peace.)I had only toyed with writing at that point, had never been to writing school or finished a book of my own. So I came back to reread it decades later, a little apprehensive that the writing might not stand up. It's even better than I remembered/appreciated.The cover of my Ballantine edition boldly proclaims it "The greatest war novel of all time." For once, a book lives up to the hype. I have yet to read a war novel that comes close.The title is brilliant for many reasons, but really captures what's so remarkable about this book: its quiet. From the first scene it is understated. A book about death, mayhem, bruatlity . . . all told in a sweet mellifluouswhisper.
This is an excellant book for learning how to write Devanagari and to read it. It will not teach you the language and any use of Hindi grammar and vocabulary is just to help you write it.Get the "Teach Yourself Hindi" course that goes with this book and has two cd's. That book was criticised on reviews for not showing how to write the letters. These go very well together and are not expensive.
I totally misread the description! I thought it was geared to UNDERGRADUATE students!I have 2 sons that are currently sophomore EE students & will certainly be able to use this book in their senior year, & maaaaybe at the end of junior year but right now it is way over their heads! I'm sure it will be a wonderful resource to turn to after & during their digital signal processing courses to come. I'm glad I got it as they will need it soon, they just can't use it yet!Here is what they said:"For electrical and computer engineering students in their first or second year of graduate school, Woods (Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Troy, New York) presents a textbook for a course in digital image and video processing and coding.IMPORTANT! READ this to ascertain if you have the skills to utilize this information:Students should have completed an undergraduate digital signal processing course and a course in probability. Some sections require knowledge of random processes and information theory, though this second edition introduces them.
I'm reading many novels, but I find myself being absorbed by novels where people need to overcome obstacles within themselves in order to resolve or come to terms with the obstacles surrounding their physical life. For example, I started The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-time and finished it today. It's an amazing tale about a high functioning autistic savant whose parents are behaving foolishly. Christopher is the narrator and his problems with living are astronomically complicated, but his parents are also suffering through difficulties which while not on the same scale as their son are also complicated. All three have to struggle with their own natures to actually solve anything, and the learning to quell their inner voices for better functioning does not mean they get what they wanted. It's an unfair compromise with Reality, and Reality imposes the final terms and boundaries of their hopes. Even though Christopher is the one diagnosed as 'special needs' it's obvious his parents are struggling with the special needs that come from living with a kid far different from ordinary children. Christopher is high maintenance and there do not seem to be any rewards in parenting such a child. He requires abnormal behavior from everyone around him that must be in a certain regulated and regimated fashion that soothes him enough to not act out. His parents need his affection and love, but he can't tolerate their looking at him or touching him, much less any emotions. The book is Christopher's journal so in a bit the reader soon gets a read on who Christopher is. He is charming in an odd way, he is so helpless but he cannot comprehend the entirety of his deficits or the serious handicapping of his dream to be an astronaut. Although he cannot bear emotions from anyone he is not unemotional. Anyone with empathy feels Christopher's agonies but he cannot be consoled by empathy on any level. His favorite sleeping dream is when he walks an earth where he is the only person alive. This is not a person to love, yet his parents adore him while at the same time tearing their lives to pieces by their unrequited love for him. It is a desperate existence for all of this family, but nothing can be done except to bear it, handling each Autistic meltdown with the only response that works: waiting it out patiently sitting nearby until it's over. I could not do this, raise a child this functionally broken without any reward or affection or gratefulness. Even dogs can like and love back, enjoy petting or want to be with you - none of which is something Christopher can give or do. However, these parents never stop loving their son. It appears the Special Needs Counselor is the one person who helps Christopher understand how to share his life as much as he can, which is little better than understanding how different people are from him and that he must tolerate their presence without instigating or resorting to violence. He learns phrases that are meaningless to him, such as "how are you today" simply because he has learned these things minimize his contact with people. To not be polite extends the always unwelcome interest of all persons in his vicinity. This book is well-written and imagined, I could not put it down. Christopher's mind is as illuminated as a normal person would want from a good book. The parents are not special people except in their love for their unloving child. They are blue collar, not particularly sophisticated or wealthy. The son baffles them and in their sorrow and disappointment which they cannot verbalize they attempt to soothe themselves with alcohol and sex, but finds themselves once the temporary diversion is over in the same depressing reality. There is no cure, only palliatives. A strong book that enlightens readers about the cruel inescapable cage the handicapped child and his parents must come to endure, finding little help except for whatever resources they can discover within themselves and if lucky, in the community.
I got the book to supplement Beginning Java 2 from Wrox Press.  I figured I would read them in tandem and get a more even view of the language from two perspectives.  I have been impressed with this book and it's pace.  It covers a lot of information in a seemingly effortless manner that really does get you excited to work with Java.But I have two complaints that may or may not matter to you:1. They focus entirely on developing on a Windows platform.  There is barely a mention of Linux, and as Linux user looking for good Java on Linux documentation I was disappointed.2.  They use their own library of code in their examples.  I prefer when learning a language to know what is available in the base language, and then look for libraries that make my job easier.  You may not mind this, but show me how to do something on my own, and then point me to libraries that do the same thing, not just package the 'hard stuff' in easy to use premade libraries.  I don't learn as well.  But again, YMMV.Overall though, well worth the purchase. Cheers.
The search for authentic experiences is regarded as an important theme in postmodernism.  John Millington Synge's book demonstrates that this quest for authenticity has been an important part of cultural inquiry for a long time.  This wonderful book was written almost one hundred years ago, but it reads like a contemporary ethnographic inquiry.  He provides vivid descriptions of daily life and wonderful presentations of the folklore of the Aran Islands.  The book is primarily descriptive, but there are interesting textures and conclusions throughout Synge's writing.  I would recommend reading this book and then watching Flaherty's film "Man of Aran."  Follow up that visual feast with Stoney's "The Making of the Myth."  To complete your excursion, top things off with a reading of Synge's "Playboy of the Western World" and "Riders to the Sea," two fine plays that he set on the Aran Islands.  The stories, descriptions, and textures within Synge's book will become very clear when you're finished.
As a professional marketer, I've read a ton of books on persuasion, influence, and similar topics. Until now, all or them have focused largely on moving people forward to a buying decision in the marketplace.This is the first book I've come across that seeks to explore influence as a tool of widespread positive social change: How to create influence that ends a plague in Africa, builds social and job skills among ex-criminals in San Francisco, brings reading skills to thousands of illiterates in Mexico...Wow!It's not a fast read, but this may be one of the most important, life-changing books I've ever read.Shel Horowitz's award-winning sixth book, Principled Profit: Marketing That Puts People First, demonstrates how to build a business around ethics, environmental sustainability, and cooperative practices--and how to develop marketing that highlights those advantages.
I've never been interested in reading The Time Traveler's Wife, even though it's gotten tons of good reviews. The cover just kind of creeped me out and I thought the story sounded sad (it was) so I knew I wouldn't deal well with it. But it was chosen this month for the book club I'm in here, so my hand was forced.The book is the story of Henry DeTamble, who has Chrono-Displacement Disorder. Causing him to travel back and forth through time. He doesn't go to any weird places like the time of the dinosaurs though which makes the book a little bit more believable. Even though I have a really hard time with time travelling books (because I'm constantly trying to dissect them and prove that there's a bad paradox in there), Niffenegger's story was so compelling that I couldn't stop reading.I fell in love with both Henry and his wife, Clare. And I was devastated when things started to go wrong. This book made me cry way more than I would have liked and it made me think about time and death more than I would have liked, but I'm glad I read it.
My son is 6 and has been reading for a little bit now, he likes the story. It is a bit long (which seems typical of Syd's stories) but we break it up into two reads and that works for us.
Harry Hole is the best flawed detective ever.  These are very good books and very well written.  Who cares if you've never been to Norway and can't pronounce the cities.
McCullough has a great knowledge of geography, battles, and political history.  She makes some errors in daily life details though, such as the height of insulae apartment buildings (legislated limit of 5 stories, sometimes exceeded to 6, but never 9), marriage age for girls (not 18, more like 14 or 15), some slavery practices, and so forth.  But she spins a good yarn.
This is a great little book on networking.  It is very concise, yet deep enough to thoroughly explain the topic at hand.  The author has a great writing style which makes it easy to read.After a few introductory chapters the author has chapters on Performance Requirements, Interconnects and Switching Fabrics, Network Adapters,  Bridges and L-2 Switches, Routers (including software routers), Gateways, Application Layer Systems-Deep Packet Inspection, Quality-of-Service and Security, Specialized Hardware Components I: Memory and Memory Management, Specialized Hardware Components II: Network Processors, Power Issues in Network Systems, Networks-on-Chips and Network Systems, Operating Systems for Network Systems, Next-Generation Internet Systems Architecture, and Appendix A: The ISO OSI Reference Model and Network Protocols.I have read several networking books, but this is by far the cleanest.  Whether you are looking for an introduction to networking, or you have been using them for years, this is the perfect book for both.  It does a great job of explaining things clearly, and it also gets into some very advanced subjects.All in all I found this book to be an extremely enjoyable read!!!!
Get a Life!The title grabbed my attention and I have to say that for less than $4 (ebook edition) that this was worth 10 times the price for sure.It was a very fast read but the book offers some great and very practical advice centered around the notion of "career acts".  Notably, the notion that career longevity and stability is really a thing of the past.  Gone is the notion that you trade a lifetime of service for a lifetime career with stability.  While not everyone might agree with this notion, most will find the concepts of this book intellectually stimulating.The book vividly describes the notion of "career acts" and discusses concepts which broaden the individuals security, exposure and challenges the reader to examine where they are in their life and what they are really bringing to their professional vault.  I find myself seeking ways to enhance my own career and to look for more skill to broaden my scope after reading the book.  I also have found ways to demonstrate my own value to my company and to find ways that I can benefit my employer while gaining credibility.The truth about this book is that it extremely affordable and a very quick read.  In fact, you truly could easily read the entire book in one sitting.
Travels with Charlie was the first book I picked for my new Kindle and my first non-fiction book by John Steinbeck.It is a fantastic book as a travel memoir that really gives the reader a glimpse into the person that was John Steinbeck.  I've always been a fan of his works although my breadth in reading his work has been limited to about 5 novels before this.Travels with Charlie is a chronicle of the writer's journey from his 1960's home in Long Island across the Northern U.S. to the home of his youth in Monterey County (Salinas and Monterey) in California, back home by way of the south.It is a relatively short book that perhaps provides the reader the best opportunity to get to know the person that was John Steinbeck.  You'll find yourself a part of a journey just as you may have with the Grapes of Wrath only John and Charlie (his poodle) are your companions.  Not only do you see the character of Steinbeck, you see the character of the U.S. at the beginning of the 1960's.  The stories he tells, the people he meets, his interactions with Charlie are all fantastic.If I had to make any criticism of the book, it would be that as the story progresses, things get a bit more sparse.  However, this isn't really so much a fault of the book as a loss of patience on Steinbeck's part.  You get the feeling during the beginning that this trip is going long, and it does.  A lot of detail goes into the trip through the northern part of the country.  I am not sure it is too much detail, but as Steinbeck gets exhausted with the length of his trip, so does his writing.  From the beginning, I was interested in what his commentary would be as he came back around.  Unfortunately, given the length of his trip, he became more rushed and the commentary more sparse.  That doesn't necessarily hurt things as there are some interesting items from the South to be read about, but it is too bad there isn't a bit more.  The end is a little too abrupt for the quality of the overall book.Overall, it is a fantastic read, and the interactions with Charlie are really fantastic.  He really does a fantastic job of showing the love that most people have for their dogs.  I am thankful I gave this book a try as it really added to my admiration for John Steinbeck and gives the reader a window into a man who is obviously not perfect but is definitely respectable.
This is one great book. I would recommend this book to anyone who wants more from life than what you are told.
Among the funny and realistic things G. K. Chesterton says in his "The Man who was Thursday" is the comment he makes about poor people and anarchism. He says that the poor are rebels but not anarchists; as a matter of fact, they have interest --more than anyone else -- in being governed. And this is so close to reality -- even more than 100 years after the first publication of this novel."The Man who was Thursday" is set in a strange world that bears a lot of resemblance with reality -- but somehow it is not the real world per se. Subtitled as "A Nightmare", this book is indeed a strange dream. Things that are supposed to be odd in the world outside of the book, in Chesterton's narrative are unique, strange and deeply funny. Gabriel Syme, the main character, is a poet disguised as policeman who enters into an anarchist group to uncover the boss identity and prevent a tragedy.In these obscure times we live, Gabriel Syme is more real than ever. He is British police neurosis elevated to the nth. More or less something we're seeing the past few weeks, when, everybody is suspicious. However, Chesterton's characters a lighter and funnier -- what a relief. But with this novel the writer was criticizing the collective hysteria of his times that echoes in ours.For this reason, and for exploiting and exposing human nature so bravely, "The Man who was Thursday" is one the essential readings of the XX century. The fear of the anarchist is over, but Western world will always have enemies -- their ideology may have changed through the years, but the average citizen must have always someone whom the government and the system will protect them from.Throughout this "Nightmare" Chesterton depicts how people loose their sense of ridiculous and reality when under pressure. Nothing is to be what it seems to be. Like he says, `a man brain is a bomb', and he also states that bombs expand, they only destroy because they broaden. Chesterton opens the book with a poem for Edmund Clerihew Bentley, saying that a cloud was on the mind of men, a sick cloud upon the soul. Just like these times we are living.
I enjoyed Journey to the Center of the Earth a surprising amount. Before finally reading this unabridged version, I had become very familiar with the basic plot by reading an abridged version several times in childhood. That (10 made me aware of the novel's obvious flaws, such as the wimpy narrator, the preposterous science, and the sudden ending, and (20 seemed to assure that I could not be surprised by much in the story.But I was. The premise and story were just as ridiculous as I expected and the characters were sort of cartoons, and I loved it all anyway. there's an undeniable charm, and even humor, to Verne's narratives and to his narrative voice, and the sillier the novel was this time, the more I enjoyed it. The ending is still a little too easy for my tasted, but I was also just sad, at that point, that the quick-paced ride was ending. I doubt that I will understestimate a Verne novel again.
Steinbeck created two of the most memorable characters in American literature with the book; Sinise brings them to life with his wonderful narration.  I believe only a paragrah or two was omitted from the book in this recording, so you get the complete story.  I have played parts of this tape for my high school students; it captures their attention instantly.  From my honors students to my students who can barely read, this book is always a favorite, and they all enjoy the power of Sinise's narration.
Conflict and misunderstanding accompanies every human endeavor. As a leader, I've read extensively about conflict resolution and mediation, and have been involved in mediating conflict for many years. But this book went where others haven't, to examine the thinking, the process that we unconsciously go through when we're offended. The authors describe how we &#34;tell stories,&#34; and go on to explain how to make it safe for people to uncover and rethink their conclusions based on those stories. This is brilliant stuff. It has changed the way I approach conflict personally, and how I work with others.The first read through, the details of the conflict process and how to work through them seems overwhelming. As the authors state, it takes some review to make it come together in our minds. But once it clicked, I was left with a simple framework for understanding conflict and how to resolve it.One will greatly profit from reading and absorbing this book.
Have loved KIM since a teenager 50 years ago and am delighted to have this opportunity to revisit Kipling's best novel in an audio-book version.  Excellent - liked the accents in the casette version, but this is still excellent.
This is a nice companion to the K&R; book. Note that you can find online web sites that give solutions too, but sometimes they use libraries or concepts not yet covered by the K&R;, whereas the answer book, for the most part stays at about the same gradient as the corresponding K&R; page number. It also uses a fairly similar approach as the examples in K&R.; Explanations are fairly short, but helpful. One thing it doesn't have (though the questions it answers don't really ask for it), is a working main function to test drive the solutions. In a way, this is a nice study to learn more about the topics but can be frustrating in the pointers section (see 'An aside' below).I purchased this book used for around $7. I don't think I would purchase a new copy for a solutions book -- the condition was quite acceptable when it arrived even thought the seller described it as being in dismal condition. Got lucky I guess. That being said, if you're really serious about learning C, I would think this would be a worthwhile additional purchase to K&R.; FWIW, C Programming All-in-one and C in a nutshell books have also been helpful to me.An aside: As a newbie, I started using char *someParam = "a literal" and then I'd get an error when passing this as an arg to a (char *s) parameter if/when the function needed to 'manipulate' the string. I'm still not sure if I understand this correctly, but it seems that mutable strings need to be declared char [SOME_SIZE]someString = "a literal". Since arrays are pointers, this works as an arg to the (char *s) and the function will be able to manipulate the string. I mention this because the solutions would crash unless I did this!
In the years that I have worked with this book off and on,  it has sometimes seemed to be a work out of another time.  The author was someone who came out of a background in which a background in Latin and Greek was naturally expected from anyone coming to Sanskrit, and even today, when it is often taken up by learners motivated by their interest in Hindu culture and religion, that knowledge of old and highly inflected Indo-European languages would be a valuable asset to bring to the party. Lithuanian speakers should also do very well!Coulson provides one of the best treatments of the case system- not just in terms of paradigms but also in terms of how the cases are used idiomatically.  There are extensive tables of verbs in the back (with ten different classes, they are definitely needed) and a complete table of sandhi in front, which is something every Sanskrit course should have (In fact I kept Coulson's table in front of me when I worked through exercises in the excellent texts of Deshpande and Goldman).  There is also a section in the front with a list of the conjunct consonants, but I really can't recommend it; the printing is poor and quite hard to read.Nominal compounding- the real nemesis to beginners- is also given very thorough treatment (simple compounds are actually introduced fairly early, in contrast to other texts) and while this isn't an approach that follows the chronology of Sanskrit's evolution through time, it does make it possible to get in the swing of deconstructing compounds by working backward from the end to the beginning. Coulson's choice of illustrative material is unorthodox as well- his own interest in the language was in the drama, an area that is somewhat neglected elsewhere, but his examples are well-chosen and fit his coverage of grammar very closely and his own devotion to the genre makes this part of his writing a real pleasure to read.Minuses- well, the devanagari font used in the book is not good quality and conjuncts are particularly difficult to read.  Certainly much better quality printing is available now (the book was originally printed in 1973). With better printing, it would be possible (and in my opinion a good idea) to junk the transcription and go straignt into authentic Indian writing. Devanagari is probably the most precise system of writing ever developed and it certainly isn't a major intellectual feat to learn it. Also, I think it would be wonderful to have audio to accompany the book.  Even with some of the Sanskrit tutors I've worked with (who were not native speakers of an Indian language) there was a tendency to lapse back into English-accented pronunciation, and it would be nice to have a course where one could learn the rhythms of the language as well as of course maintaining a precise and authentic pronunciation.
I reviewed many yoga books before selecting this one. For starters, the binding is cleverly designed to allow you to keep it near your mat for a quick review of the posture.The photos and descriptions of the postures are exceptionally clear. Variations on the postures are noted for those who have limited flexibility. The program of postures is well thought out and is excellent for beginners, and is rigorous enough for those who are serious about their practice.One minor quibble--it would have been useful if the book contained information about the use of yoga props, such as straps, blocks and bolsters.While yoga classes are great for learning different styles of yoga, and getting needed corrections and suggestions, I find this book to be the single best investment I have made in my yoga practice. Though I also use various yoga videos, this book is far superior to any of them.
I make at least 2 recipes from this cookbook every week. The food is so exciting! Although I have been vegetarian for many years I never ate or cooked as well as I do now. I tell everyone I know, vegetarian or not, to get ahold of it. I've impressed the in-laws and dinner parties and certainly am much healthier for it.
This tender and well written novel is an amazing study in character development and narration.  Young Christopher relates a chapter in the story of his family's life through the prism of his autistic eyes. Yet this is done without a hint of condescension or scrap of pity by author Mark Haddon.Christopher finds his neighbor Mrs. Shear's standard poodle Wellington  dead in the front yard, impaled by a garden fork. As he sets about "detecting" the solution to this vicious murder, he finds instead threads of evidence that lead to the revelation of a terrible family secret; one that sends him on a quest he never thought himself capable of conducting.Christopher views things differently than the majority of us, and reduces most situations to mathematical formulae. One is left realizing that there is more than one way to view things, and perhaps Christopher is able to deal with his life better than many of us. His articulation of society's maxims are humorous yet spot on, e.g. " People say that you always have to tell the truth. But they do not mean this because you are not allowed to tell old people that they are old and you are not allowed to tell people if they smell funny, or if a grown up has made a fart. And you are not allowed to say `I don't like you' unless that person has been horrible to you."This novel is most certainly a landmark work.  It will be interesting to see if someone ventures to make it into a film; that would be a terrific challenge, but perhaps one that Mr. Haddon is exploring.
A book for all to read. He is not just Oprah' s boyfriend. He is a man with a mission. He wants to uplift our lives and our community. A great read!!!!!!
I have just closed this book, and am still in the trance that it has provided. It is not often that a book completely engrosses me, but this one has. I loved the beautiful narration of this story, the shifting perspective, and finally, the unknown outcome. For fear of giving too much away, I will not discuss the plot, but will say that it has all the appeal of a modern page-turner, combined with the atmosphere of a literary classic. Pick this one up today! I highly recommend this book!
This is the kind of book that everyone should read. Especially in this time of economic upheaval. There is a lot of useful information here.
Dr. Verghese shares insights that speak to your heart. This book rings true, even though it is fiction, and I will reread it many times.
Just beautiful. When a friend recommended this to me, I thought, hmmm, time travel, I don&#8217;t think so.I&#8217;m so glad they insisted I read a little. I was hooked from the beginning, and it&#8217;s without a doubt one of my favourite books. 5 stars, without a doubt.
Why do we like certain smells? Where did Aromatherapy begin? How do we process scents?  How do scents evoke such strong feelings and memories?The Emperor of Scent: A True Story of Perfume and Obsession  explores these questions and the history of the science of scent in an absorbing and unique way. I could not put this book down.  It is a fascinating read.This book chronicles the work of Dr. Luca Turin, A biophysicist at The University College of London.Like many scientists on the trail of a mystery, Dr. Turin was both brilliant and eccentric.  His theories went against the mainstream. As too often happens, when one is an iconoclast,  his ideas were rejected outright and even ridiculed.The author, Chandler Burr, has constructed a remarkable and excellent study of this subject. Burr delves into the complexities of the mystery of scent as well as the politics of the scientific institutions.To read this book The Emperor of Scent: A True Story of Perfume and Obsession is time well spent, indeed!
This publication is very thorough, Coach Wooden documents his proven philosophy for success that has worked for him.  Excellent read for anyone of any age.
I loved this book!  It took a while for the Unfortunate Events books to truly grow on me but with Book #5 I am thoroughly having a fun time.  The story and pace are quick as the Beaudelaire orphans find themselves at the prep school from hell.  Count Olaf has some fun and inspired moments.  And most importantly Mr. Snicket's writing is sharper than ever.As I am reading the series in order (who wouldn't) I have no clue where things will go but The Austere Academy is the first of the books to do two very important things.  One it leaves things hanging perilously on a semi-cliffhanger.  Two it's the first book to provide some solid comments connecting Mr. Snicket to Count Olaf (a touch that I especially enjoyed).As a whole the series was enjoyable and the writing unique.  I was somewhat disappointed with the 4th book (The Miserable Mill) but with Book The Fifth the author and series are more than back on track, they're solidly in the entertainment lane of good reading.
My daughter was delighted to receive this lovely book for Christmas. She totally enjoyed seeing her old friend Winnie the Pooh given the honor of being translated into classical form. It was a great idea for the author to  re-create this book, and to continue to perpetuate an interest in Latin.  Nice find!
This is probably my fifth time reading this novel and it never disappoints. Diana Gabaldon is a true storyteller and if you like historical fiction about Scotland mixed in with some romance you will love this novel. Enjoy!
Everyone interested in France will enjoy this bit of intellectual entertainment, though piano experts and tuners will tear their hair over the small innacuracies and over-romanticization of the trade. Nonetheless, the author has captured a unique (and dying) way of life, in an endearing depiction of Paris' ateliers and artisans. Bravo!
There are lots of books for math and reading these days, but not that many for science. This series is well done--not too detailed, interesting for the kindergarten-plus age group.
This is a must read often book for the ever changing world in which we live.  This helps me focus on the positive of change and to better cope with change.  I have recomended this book to all my co workers.
I love a good story, and that's just what this is.  Yes it's a departure from his usual, but I have to admire his talent. Am I the only reader wishing for a sequel?  I almost didn't read this, based on the reviews, but am very, very glad I did. This  is a simply story relating the hard life of a young boy growing up on a cotton farm in Arkansas in the 50's.
First off this is an easy to read and follow book.  The sections are logically laid out to allow the book to introduce and show why and how to use AutoCAD and where to get to items that will be referenced throughout the book, the next section (majority of the book) focuses on beginner through advance 2 Dimensional drawings and how to create basic drawings using lines, circles, arcs, rectangles... to create basic items to full scale landscapes or layouts (the book mainly uses architecture and house layouts to illustrate this).  The final section introduces you to 3 Dimensional modeling and finally gradient and animation.  The 3D section starts out with basic tools to create 3D items (chairs, bookshelf...) and then starts creating 3D houses and other items with high level texturing and gradient fill, the book also touches on animation and how to make the items animated in your drawing.  The book ends with quick reference on the history and use of AutoCAD and different editions and their origin.The book is laid out like a College Textbook, however, unlike many textbooks it includes the answers to questions at the end of the section, therefore making it great for class or individual use.  The book is well written and provides detailed pictures of how each step looks for sections that build a project, allowing the reader to ensure that their project looks the same.I want to note that the layout of AutoCAD 2012 in the book (I presume he is using Windows), which has the ribbon system, is quite different from AutoCAD 2012 for Mac.  I am using the AutoCAD 2012 for Mac and if you are using it as well their is quite a difference in the look, so you may need to reference the internet or Help tools in AutoCAD for Mac for the location of items referenced in the book, however, the design process will still be the same.In the end this is a great book and companion for using and learning AutoCAD 2012.  Even with the few differences between Mac and Windows this is an easy to follow book and allows the reader to learn this great software and allow a leg up in the industry!  A must for anyone learning AutoCAD 2012.I also want to mention that if you are a student (.edu account) you may qualify for the Educational Edition of AutoCAD 2012, which has limits (I believe a watermark), but it is Free, and can be found on the AutoDesk website for Education.  This is a great way to get the software and learn how to use it without the investment of the full edition; if you are a Student. -- Just FYI!
Scathing. Funny.  Horrific. Brilliant. Gloriously Gaddis.  What we have here is a systematic dissection of capitalist culture that has all the grotesquerie, fascination,and humor of your 9th grade biology class.  What  I found truly enlightening was Gaddis's subtle, and sometimes not so  subtle, examination of the effects of a free market economy on the  psychological makeup and ethical systems of us humans: at once the only  impetus and the most lowly cog in the great capitalist machine.  The  characters are fascinating and utterly believable, even in their complete  eccentricity-I swear I had some of those teachers in high school. What with  the unique subject matter and the fact that it is written entirely in  dialouge, getting into JR is rather like riding a camel-a very weird rhythm  at first but just utterly fabuluous en fin.
Before buyng the excellent new Kerr offering of Bernie Gunther take the time and enjoy two journeys. One of the detective call Berie Gunther and two is the growth of a powerful new writer's development. All three books stand on their own and when read consecutively paint an unforgetable picture of Nazi Germany. Morally ambivalent and fast paced action leave you wondering just what would you do if faced with limited options. The first book's cartoonish language soons turns into tight, well turned phrases that vividily portray a dark period of history in many shades of grey.
This book should be required reading for anyone interested in doing business in Africa. Author Vijay Mahajan blends his personal experiences with excellent research to show the mighty potential -- as well as pitfalls -- of this huge market.Mahajan makes it clear that doing business in Africa requires dealing with idiosyncracies. In Morocco, for example, neighborhood retail stores commonly give credit to all members of a family, charging no interest -- a difficult concept for new retailers to match.The author notes that entrepreneurs can find opportunities in surprising places in Africa. To meet the shortage of public restrooms in Nigeria, for instance, one businessman has built a profitable business with for-charge portable toilets.You don't have be in Africa to capitalize on the market, the book notes. African immigrants around the world will pay to call or send money home.I like that the author offers an extensive source list in the back.
Sadly few have learnt or understood what transpired in the Dutch East Indies during WW2--the proof is the opening sentence by her grandmother...many still today are ignorant and would rather forget.Bravo Clara Olink Kelly for having the courage to write and document your story. It is a wonderful testament to your mother and her courage to keep her children safe and sound in the most unbelieveable conditions. Some passages are difficult but must be read. Many thanks for a wonderful eye-opening story.
I absolutely love McGraw Hill's Read and Speak --- for Beginners series. It provides a reassuringly simple introduction to some of the more difficult languages for English speakers to learn.To anyone not familiar with the series, here is what you get: A book of games, puzzles, light grammar and useful vocabulary with a CD to help with pronunciation. You will not be fluent after finishing but you eill have some excellent knowledge under your belt and confidence to move on.The Korean entry into the series follows these lines. The book has a very brief section on the Korean alphabet (hangul) in the back but there are dozens of resources available online to quickly learn this easy script. The rest of the book is written in hangul with tranliterations to the side.I can easily recommend this book to anyone tackling the admittedly challenging Korean language. It gives the bare basics and some of the exercises reminded me of first grade but it will give a solid foundation. I do, however, have one caveat.The enclosed CD features native Korean speakers (their accents when speaking English are very charming) but they speak very.very.slowly. Each.syllable.sounded.out.Now, if you have heard Korean, you know that the language flows, almost to the point of slurring sounds together. While the slow pace of the speakers is good for hearing the pure sounds of the language, it will not show you how Korean ACTUALLY sounds. The speakers do speed up slightly later in the CD and I suggest listening ahead if you are not sure how the language sounds. Or better, tune into a K-Drama.In spite of this problem, I think this set is a good investment. It is affordable and is good for those days when a language learner just can't face the grammar books. It would be pretty useless to anyone who knows the basics already but any beginner can benefit from its easy pace and activities.
"I know you're out there somewhereSomewhere, somewhereI know I'll find you somehowAnd somehow I'll return again to you"--The Moody Blues"If truth was a crayon and it was up to me to put a wrapper around it and name its color, I know just what I would call it--dinosaur skin. I used to think, without really thinking about it, that I knew what color that was. But that was a long time ago, before I knew what I know now about both dinosaur skin and the truth."The truth about her mother's background and past is as totally unknown to Heidi as is the true color of dinosaur skin. That is due to the fact that there are a grand total of twenty-three words, sounds, or short phrases that her mother is capable of articulating."One thing I knew for a fact, from the time I knew anything at all, was that I didn't have a father. What I had was Mama and Bernadette, and as far as I was concerned, that was plenty. Bernadette started off being the next-door neighbor, but that didn't last very long. My mother loved me in her own special way, but she couldn't take care of me herself because of her bum brain. Bernie once explained it to me by comparing Mama to a broken machine." 'All the basic parts are there, Heidi, and from the outside she looks like she should work just fine, but inside there are lots of mysterious little pieces busted or bent or missing altogether, and without them her machine doesn't run quite right.'"And it never would.""Now the time has come to speakI was not ableAnd water through a rusted pipeCould make the sense that I do"--Suzanne Vega "Rusted Pipe"When Heidi's mother appeared on Bernadette's doorstep in Reno twelve years earlier with baby Heidi in her arms, Bernie's repeated questioning of who they were elicited the same response again and again from the mother: "So be it" and "Heidi." Thus, they became So B. It and Heidi It. Bernadette, who has since been raising and homeschooling Heidi while caring for Heidi's mother, has her own incapacitating disability--she's plagued by a phobia that prevents her from ever leaving the pair of attached apartments that the trio share. Meanwhile, Heidi has her own unusual quality--a gift that falls into the realm of magic.But it will take more than just magic to uncover the truth of her mother's origins. While most of those twenty-three words are common ones, there is one--soof--that is uniquely Heidi's mom's."[O]nly Mama knew what it meant. And she wasn't telling." 'What is soof, Mama?' I'd whisper as I sat on the edge of her bed at night gently scratching her back. I hoped it might slip out of her mouth and onto her pillowcase as she closed her eyes and relaxed into the rhythm of my scratching."Sometimes I'd sit down next to her on the couch, open up a magazine, and flip through the pictures, pointing at things--a baby, a dog, a car." 'Show me soof, Mama. Is this soof? Is this?'"Mama would smile her sweet, wide smile and pat my knee the way she always did when I sat close to her." 'Tea, Heidi?' she'd say. 'Tea?' "When vital clues to the mystery of her mother's past appear, Heidi embarks upon a lone cross-country trip to search for that elusive truth."I'd be lying if I said that given a choice, I wouldn't rather know than not know. But there are some things you can just know for no good reason other than that you do, and then there are other things that no matter how badly you want to know them, you just can't."The truth is, whether you know something or not doesn't change what was. If dinosaurs were blue, they were blue, if they were brown, they were brown whether anybody ever knows it for a fact or not."In the manner of some great award-winning stories of previous years in which young characters journey to discover who they are, Heidi's solitary quest touched my heart and made me just want to hug this wonderful young woman.(And that's the truth.)Richie Partington
Every educator should have this book on their bookshelf.  Marzano not only shows us what works in the classroom he also takes the time to show us the research, the numbers, the statistics, the evidence behind it all!
This book is great, I started learning Spanish two months ago as a complete beginner, I purchased this book along with Basic Spanish and Pronouns and Prepositions.I went through Basic Spanish in 2 weeks and then delved into verb tenses. I have to say I love these exercises, it is really interesting and encourage you to continue without making you feel bored. I finished this book today with 1.5 month of daily effort.English is not my first Language so I know how boring learning grammar could have been. I wasted so many times before trying to understand these English verb tenses. But when using this book, everything is just naturally falling into its category with the great explanation and exercise provided by the author(of course, some of them is quite similar to english, so it saved my time)I'm not go for a grammar expert in spanish, so a clear explanation of the commonly seen verb structures like "se puede" is my expectation. Right now, I think Spanish Verb Tenses did a fantastic jobOnly suggestion for this book, I wish there's review sections and exercises in the book covering different chapters, because the exercise under its own chapter title makes me little bit lazy to think about the tense deeper, I just have to use the one indicated by the chapter title.(Another thing I'd like to mention is that the conjugation of Spanish verb is much more complex than English since it's directly from Latin, while English is not. So at first you might be little bit scared, but believe me, it is really nothing. People are not very interested in memorization these days, but if you've made up your mind to get started with these verb tenses, you can memorize of all them in a few days, firmly, and refresh it again and again in the coming days with the exercises in the book, after that, your memorization understanding will become real understanding)Update: another suggestion for this book is about imperative. In this book, imperative is introduced before the the subjunctive, so when I used this book for imperative, I just felt that all these formation rules of imperative are just so random that I totally can not categorize them. Later someone tell me that all imperatives are just the corresponding present subjunctive except for the affirmative of t&uacute; and vosotros, So I think it might be a good thing to introduce present subjunctive before introducing imperativeUpdate Sept 30It has been 6 months since I started learning Spanish, and right now I can say this book is enough for you to get a good sense of this language, to be honest, you don't need to buy any other books(maybe the pronouns and prepositions, but I found the only thing that is critically important is the RID pronouns). But you have to learn some real Spanish, the Spanish which you can not learn from any text book or work book, as for the grammar, you're already prepared after you finished this one. Practise your knowledge learnt from this book in real Spanish conversations, until turning them into your second nature4.5/5 Highly recommended
Good for all lovers of mystery and comedy and romance! You get it all!!  Fast paced easy read you can't put down!
My first reaction upon hearing that Sebastian Faulks was writing a new novel reprising Jeeves and Wooster was: don&#8217;t mess with my Wodehouse. It was with trepidation that I opened Jeeves and the Wedding Bells, fearing the worst. After a dozen pages or so, my fears diminished, as I read what I&#8217;d call a tribute. I feared reading parody or a bumbling attempt at re-creation. Instead, the familiar characters come alive for contemporary readers, while remaining true to both the time period and the books by P.G. Wodehouse that preceded this one. If you&#8217;re a Jeeves & Wooster fan, take a gander at this new take on the old chaps.Rating: Four-star (I like it)
There are two kinds of books worth reading: those which give a very quick introduction to an area of math, and those which take a basic understanding of the material and rebuild it. This book falls into the second category, which gives it it's status as a second book in analysis. I feel that it is essential reading for any aspiring mathematicians for several reasons.The first is that there is a huge difference between advanced calculus and introductory real analysis. While they both tend to deal with the same material, it is the style, methods, and level of thought that differentiate them. In a typical advanced calulus book like Spivak, the reader learns how to manipulate epsilons and deltas, and everything about everything is proved using epsilon-delta techniques. Rudin, on the other had, often works in more generality. Instead of resorting to epsilons and deltas, Rudin will often use techniques like reformulating continuity in terms of sequences as a way to bypass many technicalities and provide much more elegant and intuitive proofs. This is not to say that Rudin doesn't provide the standard definition, but the fact is that Rudin knows how to use which methods of continuity/limits/ etc in the most effective way, and all of them get their fair share. This leads to what many people have deemed as "slick proofs." In reality, the proofs are very complete, but just a bit more advanced then what is typically seen in an introductory real analysis book. It is really important that students get used to working with other definitions of continuity simply because they will, sometime in the future, find themselves working in an abstract space where producing a metric is either impossible or finicky. Either way, having prior exposure to other techniques would greatly set those students apart.Going back to the higher level of thinking theme, chapter 2 of this book deals with the bare minimum of topology. This chapter serves for providing the proper abstract setting in which many topics like sequences and continuity will be studied. Studying these topics in greater generality trains the reader to not only think analytically, but topologically as well. This topological viewpoint leads to deeper insight than what a traditional real line only approach will allow for. For a quick example, consider the intermediate value theorem. Ask a student who recently studied out of Spivak or Apostol to prove this, and you'll get a sea of epsilons and deltas. They probably won't be able to provide it, because in all honesty the proof is not incredibly intuitive. Compare this to the proof given in Rudin using topological tools. Rudin basically says "the image of a connected set under a continuous function is connected." And this is the proof. Not only is the proof much more slick, but those who have learned to apply topological intuition to analysis will gain more insight into how continuous functions behave. This is the type of advanced viewpoint that I feel is a theme throughout all of Rudin's books, and is one the most students will need to learn at some point.I should stress that this book probably shouldn't be used as one's first exposure to formal mathematics, and probably not even to analysis. One risks the ability to swiftly manipulate with epsilons and deltas, and more importantly a reader might not gain the strong intuition for how functions behave on the real numbers if this is his or her only book. However, when paired up with a book like Spivak'sCalculus, 4th edition, the diligent reader will come away with an unshakeable understanding of basic real analysis.
I needed to get my A+ Certification for hopes that it would improve my search for a Computer Support Specialist position.  I have been a part-time CSS for 3 years and thought that if i just spent a week studying on my own i could pass the A+ Test.. The little self assessment test in the beginning of the book suggested i put in about 61 hours of studying.. That was about right.. I focussed on about 3 chapters a day (about 7 hours a day) over 8 days and then took the test.. I definitely didn't feel like i was overly prepared for the test, however i did pass with about an 830/900 on the Hardware test and a 791/900 on the software test.Things on the test that i was not prepared for was the error codes during the "post" and like 2 questions on I/O addresses...In my opinion the book was worth the money, however, there were some errors still present within the text, questions, and the software tests, so be carefull and if something doesn't seem right cross reference it with other sources.For example Question 8 Chapter 9:  The 3 main filez that make up DOS are:  c)IO.sys, msdos.sys, and command.com, however the answer says they are c)IO.sys, msdos.sys, and Config.sys which is kinda .... . He he... doesn't make sense..I give it a 4/5 stars :-) Mike seems like a great guy and i am likely going to buy bookz by him in the future. If Mike needz any help i am still looking for a job :-(
It is a measure of the success of Jay Parini's William Faulkner biography, ONE MATCHLESS TIME, that the overwhelming desire on finishing it is to return to the works of the author and read, or reread, them from the beginning.  It is particularly refreshing to find in the sections that analyze the books individually no descent into the obscurantism that pervades so much "professional" literary criticism. Parini's account is, however, marred, as a previous reviewer pointed out, by an unaccountable number of typographical and other mistakes that are no less maddening for their slightness. For example, "Jefferson County" appears several times when Lafayette is intended; there is the birthdate error; and about 20 other typographical glitches. These serve to break the spell that would otherwise propel most readers, I think, to finish this fine book in a gulp.
This book was a gift to a family member who teaches actors accents and languages, others who want to get rid of an accent, and speaking language properly when necessary.  She has said that it has been very helpful.
Daniel Coyle poses a series of fascinating questions in this book:1.  What does it mean to be talented at something?  Is one simply genetically endowed with superior gifts(lucky)or is it a product of one's environment and training -- and what role does motivation play in whether or not one becomes a 'genius' at something?2.  Why do certain environments seem to produce a lot of geniuses?  Is there something special about that place or the activities that go one there?  what exactly is a 'hotbed' of talent?Coyle's book is the result of some theorizing and a great deal of empirical research.  In preparing this book, his travels took him to a town in the Dominican Republic that produces a top-rate Little League team every year;  a tennis training camp in Moscow, Russia that has produced twenty tennis prodigies;  a music camp in upstate New York where Joshua Bell, Yo Yo Ma and others were nurtured;  and a number of high performing elementary schools in California and New York.The puzzle he presents is this:  it's statistically unlikely for so MANY talented novelists, artists, musicians or sportsmen to simply appear randomly within the population in these places -- so clearly there is some other effect at work.  (He mentions the Brontes, for example.  How did one obscure town produce THREE world-class novelists, all within the same family?)And it's not resources, he makes clear.  Many of the environments he describes are run-down and austere, simple places, not the "athlete factories" we hear about in places like china.What's inspiring about the book is that he attributes a lot of genius to plain old hard work, superior practice habits and a high degree of internal motivation.  He speaks a lot about neuroscience and the ways in which pathways in the brain are built through practicing endless, boring mindless repetitions of scales, tennis serves or dance moves.  In general, these people aren't smarter than you or me -- they're just more disciplined.Unfortunately, the heavy emphasis on how one needs to be internally motivated suggests that one might be able to improve one's own talents -- but it would be difficult to inspire someone else (say, for example, your children) to work harder and practice harder unless you were that rarest of creatures, the extremely talented teacher.
The book came in top shape. I've so enthusiastic to read it I've read all the reviews and even a little spark notes on it. Its hard cover is in perfect shape and I could say flawless.
Rebound is a book we all need to keep on hand in our bookcase or home library, yet we hope we never need to use it.  In today's economy, even those of us who think we have a secure position within our company, never really know when you will get the dreaded pink slip come Friday.Sure, the bulk of the information in this book can be easily found in various locations on the internet, blogs, etc., but if you recently jobless, you may not be in exactly the best frame of mind to go digging for information on the web.This book brings all the information you could possibly need together in one concise location; from the first feelings of anger and grief, to getting your financial eggs all in a row, to the job interview, and acceptance of a job offer.  Everything you need in one book.
This is one of my all-time favorite books.It's ultimately a love story between Claire and Henry, but it has an interesting twist that I hadn't seen before. Henry is a time traveler. He is not consciously in control of his time traveling and can't do so at will. His time travel typically occurs when he's severely stressed.This makes for an interesting premise because Henry travels back in time and meets Claire when she's a little girl. She's grown up all her life knowing Henry, but Henry isn't aware Claire exists until he's 28 and Claire finds him in real time. It's a very interesting dynamic that Niffenegger plays off here.I love this book because, not only is it unique, but every time I read it, I get lost in it. Even though I know what's going to happen, I'm still surprised and devastated by the end of the book when Henry 'completes' his time traveling. It's a great read and I highly recommend it for anyone who enjoys love stories.
I enjoyed the film &#34;Shooter&#34; that was based on this book. The book was so much more. I couldn't put it down!!!
I haven't quite finished reading this book, but have already found it to be full of valuable authentic information about the effects of long term television viewing on our children, as well as adults.The research done for the information included in this book clearly shows that our television viewing habits have contributed to several of our society's problems, such as ADHD, dysfunctional behavior, learning disabilities in children as well as physical illness, even cancer.I had already read Marie Winn's book, "The Plug-In Drug" about computer and television addiction, so finding this additional material is a real advantage.  The information in these two books helps to explain many of the serious changes that our society has undergone during my lifetime.I am a retired high school teacher, and I struggled with many challenges in the classroom, but the most difficult was simply capturing the full attention of my students when presenting a lesson. This book certainly helps to explain why intelligent young people often struggle to master subject matter in high school and college.I recommend this book to anyone, especially parents or those who expect to be parents, and most certainly for educators.  We cannot change the world unless our children are able to learn, so perhaps information such as this will help us to know better where to start in order to improve the very society in which we live. These findings can even mean longer and more productive lives for many of us.
This is a classic for the era in which it was written, but a bit datedfor 2014 readers.  Nevertheless, a worthwhile read.  Characters areinteresting and the story keeps the reader's attention.  Takes a while(maybe the first 120 pages, in fact) to become accustomed to thewriting style and the snail's pace action, but then it opens up andbecomes a compelling story.  A very good read.  Excellent for group discussion.
Portobello is set in Notting Hill and adjoining areas of London.  It is a novel very rich in "local color."  I seek out and enjoy contemporary novels about London since I can't afford to travel there any longer.  This novel satisfied my need to feed my "London nostalgia."  I would almost be content to describe Portobello as a kind of less literary Mrs. Dalloway.Basically, the novel weaves together the troubled lives of a wealthy art dealer who lives in Chepstow Villas, his GP fianc&eacute;, and several low-life petty criminals that lurk about Portobello and Golborne Roads.  There is little troubling violence, no icky sex scenes, and nothing, really, to disturb your sleep.  This novel is a kind of a toned down Ian McEwan.  But I enjoyed it, I found it absorbing, and in fact clever in the inter-weaving.  Bits were implausible to me, but in the end it all worked.  I also enjoyed Rendell's subtle satire and humor.  British doctors function very differently from US doctors, at least with private patients, if Rendell's descriptions are accurate.If you are looking for a good read that won't disturb your equanimity, that's not great literature, about contemporary London, with interesting characters, and lots of the sense of Notting Hill, Ladbroke Grove, and nearby areas, this novel will do just fine.  I recommend it.I found that viewing the areas with Google Street View helped me enjoy the book even more.  Chepstow Villas looks like a really nice area.Cheers!
The Catcher in the Rye is a must read for any young teen. It tells the story of Holden Caulfield and a few adventuresome days in New York City following his expulsion from his school Pencey. Holden represents most teens today, pessamistic and a little insecure, but deep down inside Holden shows he has a heart as he expresses his love and care towards his sister Phoebe. This is a great read and leaves the reader only wishing that Salinger had published more of his works.
I am a mid-level manager with about 150 people working for me.  Our organization was fielding a cloud computing solution and I needed a quick primer on cloud computing so I picked up a copy of this book and promptly passed it on to my engineers because I realized it was written for them and not for me. The overview and case studies were still beneficial, but again the target audience is the engineers who will be designing and implementing the systems.The first chapter focuses on Next Generation Information Technology Trends, which is really an overview of the underlying building-block technologies for the internet.  As these technologies change, there will be various changes across the architecture.Logically, the next chapter of a book on Cloud Computing would focus on the Next Generation Data Center Architectures and Technologies.  This is not a big surprise, despite being a cloud, the data still has to be stored somewhere.  With the data being stored somewhere, there has to be a means to transport it from point A to point B."Next Generation Wide Area Networks and Service Integration" and "Branch Consolidation and WAN Optimization" are the next two topics in the book, which help the engineers optimize getting the data from the data centers to the users.I highly recommend this book for engineers.  If you are a manager, buy copies for your engineers and read the white papers on cloud computing in CIO magazine instead.  This is a great book, but it simply isn't written for folks like me.
A Sunday Telegraph reviewer quoted on the back jacket of A People's Tragedy: A History of the Russian Revolution posits that "I doubt if there is anyone in the world who knows the revolution as well as [Orlando] Figes does." After finishing A People's Tragedy, I also cannot imagine that there is anyone that knows the subject so well.The phrase "exhaustive" came to mind over and over while reading this book. Figes has written a book so all-encompassing that I have read other reviewers say that it delves almost too deeply and is overly detailed. I agree with the author that the Russian Revolution in 1917 was the paramount event of the 20th century and "an experiment which the human race was bound to make at some point in its evolution." As such, I can't see how it's possible to provide too much context to such an event. I hesitate to even call it an "event," because as Figes shows, the revolution was more than just the largest chapter in some history textbook. Rather, it was a progression and eventual clash of societies, cultures, ideologies, and base mass emotions over many years. He connects the dots from the effect of slavery under serfdom in the mid-19th century all the way up to the rise of Stalin (and even touches on the post-communist Russia of today).By injecting the stories and reflections of players both major and minor--from farmers to generals in the White Army to Lenin himself-- A People's Tragedy never felt like the horrible high school or college textbook that you couldn't wait to skim through. Rather, it is both fascinating and the only book you might ever need to read on the subject. History writers can vary so greatly but the best always engage your heart through their narratives as well as your intellect. In this case, the chronicle of someone like Sergei Semenov or the Tsar himself is enough to make A People's Tragedy some of the finest history writing I've read.My only problem--if you can call it a problem--is that the monumental sweep of this history (we're talking nearly 60 or 70 years covered in total) makes it nearly impossible to retain a lot of what you've read without notes or underlining and writing in the margins. Again, maybe this isn't so much a problems as a way of saying that you might want to read the book several times over throughout your life.
If you are looking for a book that offers good information on how to live a happier and healthier life through healthy relationships this is the book for you! I'm not one to read these types of books but I will say that I did walk away with a better understanding of how to improve my relationships, thus improving life. I would recommend this book to others.
very interesting and a good read, one where the people are so alive and you would like to meet them
This PreTest book is probably one of the best of the series. It has many vignettes, contains good B&W pictures, tests the most high-yield stuff, and does an excellent job illuminating the differences between similar diseases. It does have some errors (from the 12th edition, p. 131, Q. 182 screws up tricuspid regurgitation (it's a systolic murmur!); p. 371 Q. 482 pulmonic stenosis is accentuated with inspiration, not expiration), but other than that is fantastic. This is the best and only question source you need to correspond with a good clerkship text like Nelson's Essentials or First Aid for Pediatrics.
Love the references available in the book. Like charts and data. This topic changes so fast that I am trying to read everything I can on it.
james didn't stretch his stories too far, and he didn't have to. he knew how much could be done with subtle changes. the stories here are written traditionally, but somehow varies. excelolent at details, with an excellent writing style. the stories develops nicely, never flawed.
When offered the opportunity to review this book, my first thought that it was a how-to book on programming casual game design.Wrong.It is a very thoughtful analysis of the design of casual games or, as the author puts it, "designing play for the gamer in all of us". Author Gregory Trefry is a a game designer and teacher of game design and development. His approach here is almost Socratic: he lays down what he believes are the basics  a good playable casual game must have and then encourage the reader to play the games he presents.As Trefry bluntly puts it, the book focuses on fun. Fun , Trefry says, has to be a part of the game experience.Casual games are "quick and accessible". Trefry, to great advantage, uses the classic Whac-A-Mole to illustrate his point and he does so tellingly."Casual Game Design" is not casual reading. It is a serious book that requires focus and concentration to appreciate and read.The first two chapters discuss what a casual game is sand the role of the designer. The following ten chapters analyze each possible component of a casual game such as matching, sorting, seeking, managinghitting, chaining, constructing, bouncing, tossing, rolling and stacking. The last chapter on the application of socializing to casual games is the one I found most absorbing. There is still a great deal of magic in teaming up with strangers across the world to beat the stuffings out of another group of strangers spread around the world. As Trefry puts it: `winning a single-player game feels like an accomplishment; beating your friends feels like a triumph".Overall, a very informative, engaging book for casual game players as well as designers.Jerry
I wasn't sure what to expect before I read this book. I was half expecting something to do with the domestic life of a Marty McFly type adventurer. It could not have been more different.Audrey Niffeneger has written a beautiful, and sometimes disturbing, novel about love and marriage, expectation and loss and the power of memories. All of this is seen against the back-cloth of Henry's bizarre disability which causes him to be propelled spontaneously through time. He may go forwards or backwards - normally to a time that has been significant in his life. This normally involves visits to various stages in the life of Claire. This is the real power of this novel as we see the development of their relationship which is, to say the least, chronologically, unusual.There are moments of real humour as Henry never knows where, or when, he may appear next. But there is always a lingering sense of fear. That one day he may not return. His own knowledge of his own future adds to this.The story is narrated by Henry and Claire in short sections. The characters are well written and likeable throughout. I found it impossible to put down from page one. A rare achievement. This is a great book and deserves the praise it has received here.
I recently reread this book - and enjoyed it even more.Father Timothy is at the age of 60, set in a comfortable routine tending to his parishioners and interacting with this sometimes eccentric neighbors in the small town of Mitford, North Carolina.  In the course of this book, the first in the series, he deals with a large rambunctious dog who can only be calmed by the sound of scripture passages,a young boy in need of a temporary (or not so temporary) home, a jewel thief, diabetes, a new housekeeper, helping out several neighbors in need, a parishioner who needs a heart transplant, etc.  Not to mention that his new next door neighbor is a distraction to this confirmed bachelor.Just a pleasant read.
I liked this book. It was very short so if you don't have a lot of time, this is a good book to pick up. I thought Nick's behavior and reactions to his life were all very believable. In other words, it seemed less like fiction. I really liked the different people he met at his weekly meetings (as well as the stories that went along with them) and also that the entire book is written in diary entries.My only gripe is that the book wrapped up a little too quickly and easily.
The canon of Sales Lit goes back only a couple of decades.  In that canon, Neil Rackham's first "Spin Selling" takes a special place as one of the classics or founding texts.  So, if you need help preparing a meeting with one of your largest accounts, take the time to re-read this classic text.Sure, we all know how to ask questions, but Neil is the first to make the point that the wrong kinds of questions will more likely kill the deal than win it.Neil's classic distinction between "implicit" and "explicit" needs -- what I like to call "surface" vs. "deeply-held" need -- will help focus any salesperson's line of questioning.  With each deeply-held need uncovered, the likelihood of closing the sale rises exponentially.For instance, I recently went into a meeting with one of my largest accounts knowing the company needed an easy-to-use storage software solution.  If I based my proposal on this explicit need, the meeting would have gone nowhere fast.But, during the meeting, I uncovered the deeply-held needs that the software needed to work with the Mac and Linux OS's, and be localized for Chinese and Japanese, as the company was preparing for the Asian market.As I walked out of the meeting, I felt secure in the knowledge that I had uncovered more than three deeply-held needs.  Confident of my line of questioning in that meeting, the rest of the sales process went swimmingly.Anyone who manages large accounts needs to keep reading -- and re-reading -- Neil's classic text.
Bruno Schulz&#8217;s The Street of Crocodiles has become a retrospective Jewish classic.  Part of the reason is Schulz&#8217;s biography.  A Jew living in Poland and writing in Polish, he lived in an unfortunate nexus where Polish nationalist anti-Semitism and the Nazi invasion of Poland met.  The result is a legend, a missing novel, promising artist cut down as his best work was underway.The fiction is a mix of paranoid and morbid fantasies, strange and diverse excursions into incomplete, unsatisfying words.  The stories are connected with a strong father fixation, and Schulz connects them by intertwining characters and stories to make a sort of novel in stories.All in all, Schulz presents a strange world and strange reading.  The excursions into the bizarre can become bizarre.  This is not reading that is grounded on this earth at all.
I read the other reviews here and I laugh.The critics of Mamet claim they hate Hollywood movies, then tell us Mamet has no  business writing this book because his movies aren't like all the other movies in Hollywood.Mamet is one of the very very few true auteurs of American cinema. He has his own style and controls it from front to back. And now we have not only House of Games, but The Spanish Prisoner, Heist, and the best Mamet on film to date in Spartan.In these films we find the theories he teaches here put to awesome use. Watch the films, read the book.
Nia of Atlantis is the perfect age at the perfect time in the perfect place.  The time has come to choose the next Avatar, one of a group of ten rulers who control Atlantis.  At sixteen, Nia is already a highly skilled athlete, and is naturally a prime candidate to be chosen to compete for the position in the name of her clan.  But strange things begin to happen around Nia, and she gradually begins to discover that Atlantis is not quite the perfect place it always pretended to be, nor is her family free of startling secrets...  This book is a fast moving and highly engaging fantasy adventure that I greatly enjoyed.  A word to the wise; don't buy this book without it's two sequals!!  Good for all ages.
This is an incredibly poignant book now that the market has collapsed and many of Michael's "characters" have come to justice or some other demise. The story is well written and, for me, an incredible job considering that I'm not a financial person. Once I picked it up, I could hardly put it down; and, that is saying a lot for a book on finance and Wall Street. Now that we find ourselves in the midst of the desolation created by a handful of incompetent, but clever, swindlers, this book clearly shows the reader how this happened. It is entertaining and scary at the same time. Lewis' writing is captivating and I plan to read his other works. Highly recommended.
Being one who has been jaded by the dogmatic practices of the Christian religion, I could appreciate Mr. Hagen's no-nonsense look at Buddhism (or, shall i say, the Buddha-Dharma). Hagen's introduction to Buddhism is through the Four Noble Truths, the very basis of the Buddha's teaching. Using concrete examples of the meaning behind many of these concepts, Mr. Hagen is able to allow the reader to embark on awakening. While there are many more concepts behind Buddhism that are discussed in this book, it encouraged me to use it only as a raft to help cross the stream (and thus experience the teachings for myself). An excellent read if you are new to Buddhism and are looking to transform your pain and suffering into love and joy.
Having left Wall Street over a year ago I am amazed at how little attention the media, Wall Street & the Fed have given to Deflation.  In my opinion the probability of a deflationary scenario is higher than ever.  This book helps you prepare for such tumultuous economic times.  I rank it a 5 star book, an increasingly rare rating for me.  I gave this book five stars due to the excellent analysis and insightful commentary about what occurs in deflation and, more importantly, the graphical depictions the book has throughout it.  It would be ignorant to mention that Mr. Shilling has been talking about deflation non-stop since the late 80's - especially after the '87 stock market crash.  Can anyone remember the story about the boy who cried "WOLF!" too many times?Talking finance without graphs is tough for the reader so I give kudos to Mr. Shilling in this regard.As I like to say (and Mr. Shilling points this out), the 1980's was the age of government spending.  The 1990's was the age of the consumer buying binge as individual debt levels have soared.  The average person has $8500 in credit card debt vs. 2500 in 1990 to put it into perspective.Moving forward, what will drive top-line growth in worldwide sales?  - Did you know that the G-8 countries account for roughly 80% of total purchases worldwide and, as a result, weakness in those countries dramatically affects the world economy?Will we end up with too much capacity due to stagnant growth or a retraction in corporate spending?What will be the catalyst to drive economic growth? - The government has over $5 trillion in debt, corporations and individuals are tapped out and factories are running at about 76% of their utilization right now.Buy the book........Read the book........Anyone can learn from this........By the way, bond prices have already soared so the easy money in bonds has been made............If you are interested in economic history book I would encourage everyone to read The Worldly Philosophers by Robert Heilbroner since it is more international in scope and deals with the lives and times of the most famous economists in history.  If you are interested in economic development I would encourage you to read Hernando DeSoto's Mystery of Capital but note his lack of focus on corruption in certain countries.  A great general business book is by the management guru Peter Drucker entitled "The Essential Drucker."
I'm not a John Grisham fan, and I bought Skipping Christmas because it was only 177 pages long and on sale. But this is funnier than the Bridget Jones books. I laughed out loud several times while reading Skipping Christmas. The only thing I did not like was the stuff about Peruvian skin color.
I started as investor 10 years ago then realized what is wrong after huge loss. Did MBA in 3rd-tier schoool. felt i can beat the market with value investing, no luck other than losing money. then in 2007 a person introduced me IBD. i got confused as the concepts contradicted my principles. took almost a year for me to understand what WON says. may be i read the 20 times to understand the concepts. man, he is the best and my only investing book i read like a bible every day. i have read all his books, jessie livermore..and all WON's favorite books. first you need to believe in what he says. ok, did i make money after learning. a big yes ;. stayed in cash all along 2008 and until 3/15/09. when i read his latest edition,the first 100 pages are awesome. human pschology remains same in 100 year or 1000 years. he is my only investment guru. we are all mainstream investor better to stick with what he says...more to come.
This book is an extremley challenging read but of all the science books I  have read I feel this one covers the subjects concerned in the most depth.  While I would agree with the reviewers who feel that Penrose has put  together a patchwork arguement I am nevertheless grateful that he has  delved into the areas of chaos theory, relativity , Godel's theorom ,  quantam physics and others  as his descriptions are thought-provoking and  fascinating. Penrose ,rather than giving brief outlines of the area he is  covering , is prepared to go  into the intracises , leaving one deeply  enriched. Rather than treating the book in a single context , I would  recommend taking  each chapter as it comes , paying carefull attention to  the wonders of what Penrose is describing. Although I doubt very much if it  was his intention, I would like to believe that Penrose needed an excuse to  put all these ideas in a single book , and  the Artificial Intellegence  debate provided him with one
If you are looking for a step by step buy a house, rehab it, and get rich, please find another book.  If you are looking for a dull textbook type presentation you should also pass.If you are looking for clear explanations of concepts and illustrated with some small case studies to kick start your brain,  then this might be just the thing to get you from dreaming to doing.Although I knew almost all the concepts presented, this book made them much more concrete.  I have already begun the process of actually doing instead of sitting on my butt thinking about doing!Thank You!!
The first thing that attracted me to `They Whisper' was its cover. I found it very beautiful with this dark red in the background and the photo of a male and famale body in blue. But when I started reading the book I was hooked by Robert Olen Butler's style and narrative. This is not an easy book. Full of undertones, and with a specific pace, masses will never be able to enjoy it. It requires a lot of strengh to go through all the pain of its pages.Ira Holloway is the narrator, but form time to time he lets women he knows to speak for themselves, rather these women whisper to him their inner thought and desires, their view of the situation. When he meets Fiona, they immediately fall in love, and get married, but they can have a normal life, because both are hunted by dark past secrets that may lead the to hell. Him from the Vietan war, and beautiful Vietnamese that he loved. Her secrets are about her childhood, and they may push her toward madness. After his son is born he changes completely --well, sort of-- and starts to concentrate his love on the boy --and consequently to the boy's mother (his wife), once he doesn't her to suffer and make the kid suffer too. And this is really beautiful.It is admirable how sincere Butler is when it comes to both male and female feelings. One may wonder how he knows so much about human psyche and the process of loving and desiring someone. This book is a great read, but, again, not for everyone. Some people may be offended by Butler sincerity and even call him sexist-- what is not true. Moreover, it is a book that it is not easy to forget.
Loved it great book liturey my moms favorite book when she was little very interesting loved it so much yeah!!!&#128525;&#128525;&#128525;&#128525;&#128525;&#128525;&#128516;&#128516;&#128516;&#128516;&#128516;&#128516;&#128526;&#128526;&#128526;&#128526;&#128120;
This is a very well written book.  The author held my interest throughout the book.  The narrative greatly increased my knowledge of the economic facts of that era.  The book is somewhat long (500+ pages) and the author does get into the intricacies of who said and did what. But since the story is such an interesting and compelling one, I was not particularly put off by the abundance of detail attached to the storyline.The main thing that I came away with from the book was confirmation of what the early 20th century American economist, Thorstein Veblen, described as the history of economic crises being largely defined by the inability of nations and peoples to reconcile their "imbecile institutions" to the facts of the matter.  That is, human institutions are conservative in nature and slow to change.  Changing realities and circumstances run headlong into the non-adaptable institutions leading to socio-economic disaster.For the purposes of this book, the "imbecile institution" is the gold standard.  By the author's lights, the gold standard was as J.M. Keynes put it, "a barbarous relic" and "fetish" from an earlier era.  Keynes made the observation that digging gold out of the ground from a deep hole only to store it away virtually forever in another deep hole in the ground (the central bank vault) was a practice that did not bear a great deal of critical scrutiny.  The gold standard provided a very brittle, inflexible measure from which to practice international trade and currency stabilization.  The whole economic history of Western Europe and the US. between the two world wars provides testimonial to that fact.  Take a look at the author's graph on pg. 479 that shows the timing of England, France, Germany, and the US effectively going off the gold standard.  If you do not find the author's text convincing, come up with an argument to refute the graphical facts.  Economic recovery began concurrently with the abandonment of the gold standard.Additionally, the author gives an amusing description of the old "gold standard" international gold exchange.  Gold is heavy, valuable, and consequently difficult to transport.  Consequently, the central banks of Europe and the US didn't move the stuff around too much.  When a certain amount of gold was transferred from one nation's account to another, that bullion was loaded onto pallets and shifted, for example, from the Banque de France's vault corner into the "US corner" or the "Bank of England's corner" in the same vault.  There is something very comic opera about this symbolic practice of shuffling gold around in the various nation's central bank vaults and having the world's financiers taking this process very, very seriously.I enjoyed the author's comments on the Smoot-Hawley Act of June 1930 found on pg. 375-6.  Despite the popular canard amongst "free trade" enthusiasts that Smoot-Hawley caused the Depression and Crash, this doesn't square with the fact that the protectionist tariff was introduced in June 1930--after the October 1929 crash.  The tariff was an effect of deteriorating economic conditions, not a major cause of it.  Since exports in 1930 in the US were less than 4% of US GDP, it is irrational to claim that Smoot-Hawley significantly contributed to the economic depression in the US.  If anything, the tariff was very mildly stimulative for US domestic industry.  It would be appreciated if the "free trade" spokespeople and politicians actually bothered to check the historical facts before endlessly parroting this overripe canard.It is books like this that makes economic history more accessible and palatable to the educated general public.  There's no question that the public desperately needs to be better informed on these issues.  A very worthwhile book to increase your knowledge of international financial affairs and historical events.
Have you ever been stumped explaining to a fellow worker what they should do? Have you asked how do I approach this individual? Have you ever looked for a book that has probable employer/employee question and answer dialog? Well if this is true, this book is for you. I have purchased 3 of these books. I gave one to a very likable manager that avoided confrontation and rewarded people for the wrong reasons; After he read this book he said thank you I am going to start using these skills in my management techniques. His team increased in a measurable increase of productivity.Know what to say when dealing with that difficult to manage employee and turn things around.
I can't even remember the number of friends I have given copies of this to as a gift, or simply lent out for a quick read. Every single one of them loved it, and some of them continue to reread it all the time, like I do. I first heard about this wonderful book in high school, when I was taking a class on world religions. Now, there are certainly more comprehensive guides to learning about Taoism, but finding one of them seems like something Owl would do, not Pooh, and as Benjamin Hoff teaches, we should all try to act a little more like Winnie-the-Pooh. So every time I need to remember to slow down and let life comes as it will, I reread parts of this book. It's message of living more simply, and not thinking quite as hard or holding on to emotional roadblocks is one that we can all learn from, not to mention that revisiting classic Pooh tales is so much fun, it cures your blues all on its own!
The development of the protagonist, as well as your concern  for his wellbeing, progresses steadily  and in all dimensions, to the end. The mystery of the &quot;dog incident&quot; in the title takes an appropriate back seat to the real star of the show: the mind of our young man, with all it's pitfalls and idiosyncratic strengths.  I actually worried about him, and then listened to him work things out in his unique way. Yes, he's working on solving a mystery (and a rather heinous one at that), but he's also trying to make sense of our world, emphasis on &quot;our&quot;. As for his world, he's doing just fine, and in specific ways, far better than &quot;just fine&quot;, which is much more than can be said about some people in his life.  Finally, there is another character in the book, very subtley presented, who is someone we all need at some time or another; and, if you can identify or find a person like that for yourself, then you can navigate your world with assurance and in peace. We're all fragile, but only as broken, demeaned or helpless as we allow each other and ourselves to be.  And our heroic young man, with his impressive array of implements in his mental toolbox, allows neither. I'll lend this book  to as many friends as I can, and when I do, I'll make it very clear that  I want it back.
I was very impressed with this book - I initially bought it for my husband but after it arrived, I read the back cover and was engrossed.I expected this book to be written in a way that people outside of the financial/brokerage industry would find hard to understand - and let me  tell you - nothing could be farther from the truth.  Lynch writes in a way  that explains complicated subject, such as examining balance sheets and  calculating different valuation ratios better than some business textbooks  that I've read.  (I often found myself thinking, &quot;Oh, so THAT'S what  Professor So-and-So meant when I couldn't understand that he/she was  talking about!)  He does in a way that teaches beginners-to-intermediates  without condescension or derision.  I found myself thinking that this guy  could be anybody's neighbor that you would invite over for coffee.The  book is an exemplary view of the inner workings of being a successful  investor, with interesting stories as well.
buying online is so fast. the product is as descriped. i gonna buy frm this seller again if i need reference books.
I own 8 copies of this book, 5 of which are hard bound, and probably read it over 30 times straight through as well.  Of all the Seth books you can find, this one contains the most information, inspiration and spine-tingling text imaginable.You can literally turn to any random page and learn something amazing within a few minutes of reading.  In fact, once you've read it for your first time, you'll almost instantly want to return into the pages for another magical moment, and you'll smile as you spot it occasionally on your bookshelf.I read this book with some serious doubts for the first time when I was 16.  At 320 lbs, I was a miserable wreck, looking to food and the lonliness of my room to find meaning in life.  I read this book along with some other psychology texts, thinking my understanding of the world would benefit from getting a psych degree in college.  But after reading this, and discussing the topics with my mentor at the time, I realized that I was indeed in control of my own destiny.I started on a diet and exercise, determined to lose weight and improve myself.  This quest lasted 9 months.  I could taste the finish line as I ran five miles every day.  Even when it was pouring snow, went back home, put on cleats, then returned to running again.  My mother actually made fun of my "wet running suit" I'd wear on days that it rained - yes I was that dedicated.  At 170 lbs, I began working out with weights and slowed down the running.  Looking much better, feeling so much more confident, I had done the exercises in this book every night and kept a journal.I still have those journals, and occasionally read through them to see just how powerful the inspirational pages are in this awesome book.  It totally, completely, and absolutely changed my life in every way possible.  The funniest part is, you see the same theme over and over - in Tony Robbins books, in "pickup artist" texts such as David DeAngelo.  Everyone has come to the same conclusion that Jane Roberts wrote down years and years and years ago.You do indeed create your own reality.
I can't believe I'm only the 3rd person to review this masterpiece of science fiction! And that's what it really is, a masterpiece. Writing a good story doesn't need to have symbolism, satire, cariacature of modern people or place. It need only have the basic aspects of this book: Good story, feasible plot, interesting characters, and a vivid imagination.I am not a scientist, not in the least, and so I cannot make any disclaimer about scientific information as printed in the book (ie; is heat stored in the core of the planet vs. just in the crust, etc.) but from the time the Professor, his nephew, and Hans enter the volcano on Iceland, you *will* be hooked, because the manner of storytelling is very strong here. Every word printed comes to life in your mind as it would on the big screen. And when you go on that journey with them you will find treasures that you'll remember. Realistic this book might not be, but Verne was definitely a man ahead of his time.You won't be able to put it down, this I promise!
The equation of a true artist, per Glass, is as a "proud pilot of an improvised life." (Page 277) Glass can really write: that is, her style is elegantly crafted and a joy to read. She reminds me a bit of Michael Cunningham with her rich syntax and sonorus, articulate style as well as her themes and the descriptions of characters and places. I picked up this novel because it won a National Book Award and my wife adored it. I like the way that Glass moves effortlessly among disparate settings to transport the reader from Greece to NYC and the English countryside. At the close of the novel I admit that I was somewhat annoyed that Glass was still introducing long expositions of characters. But I really felt that characters like Fenno, Tony, Mal and Fern were roundly and compassionately drawn figures. The story line takes unexpected and for the most part rewarding turns: Mal's illness was very Michael Cunningham and has emerged as a contemporary theme that we've had a great many literary opportunities to dwell upon. I'm not sure when this thematic focus of the plague will simply cease to be considered original or engaging among contemporary novels but, personally, I'm already there. What makes this novel interesting is what Fenno does both for Mal and Fern as their friends in light of their situations. Tony is an intriguing antagonist to Fenno's protagonist and becomes key in the plot's denouement. I consider Three Junes a very good but not great literary novel. The straight-ahead, traditional, narrative style makes for quick reading and Glass, by her own definition, artistically pilots the reader adeptly through her intelligently improvised world.
In 1861, the journey to obtain silk was a treacherous one. Due to an epidemic that infected most of the European stock of silk worms, the men who buy the worm's eggs were forced to travel farther from home to replenish their stock.Herv&eacute; Joncour is one such man.Herv&eacute; Joncour is a buyer and seller of silk worm eggs for the silk mills in the French city of Lavillediea. Every year his travels take him away from home to Egypt and other African ports to buy the stock of his trade. Because of the epidemic, he is forced to undertake a dangerous and desperate journey over half the known world to buy healthy eggs from Japan. It is a dangerous and desperate trip. Travel, since the Suez Canal has not been completed, takes months to get to Japan from France. Once there, Joncour is smuggled into the country as Japan's ports are not yet open to foreigners. The price he will pay if caught taking silk worm eggs out of Japan is death.There he meets a woman, the mistress of his host. They do not touch, they do not speak to each other, and he cannot read the letter that she gives him. Once Joncour hears what it says, he becomes a man possessed. When in France with his wife Helen&eacute;, Joncour is a man changed by the Orient. While in Japan he is trying to find ways to meet his host's mistress without raising the suspicions of the townsfolk, and their lord.Silk is an enthralling love story. It is haunting in its telling of two star-crossed lovers fated to meet but never to act upon their love. It is told with simplicity and a moving plot that transports its readers to France in the late nineteenth century.This edition of Silk is a movie tie-in with the Septe ber 14, 2007 release of the film adaptation of the book. It has a new translation from its original Italian by Anna Goldstein. Silk was originally published in 1996 as Seta, with its first translation to English in 1997.Armchair Interviews says: Wonderful historical fiction and romance
I had the good fortune to attend a workshop a few years ago with Corporate Visions, where the authors work, and was blown away.  The book they have written is easy to read, clear, and very compelling.  The authors lay out a simple road map for telling a differentiated, memorable story that will help you win.  Everyone in marketing involved in messaging/campaigns can learn something from this book, especially those involved in sales enablement.  Anyone involved in lead nurturing can take lessons from this book, too.  And every sales person who would like to win more deals can definitely benefit from this book.If you work at a large company, buy the book and take advantage of their services.  They will help you create the right story, develop the right tools for your sales force, and then train your sales people to deliver your story.  You'll win deals from your competitors and you'll win deals that are now simply doing nothing because the buyers can't see a distinction between the choices and so remains stuck in the status quo.
One of the essential books for the first time builder. Phil Bolger is a genius at giving the builder the most boat per dollar spent, and Dynamite can dissect those plans to an understandable level for everyone.Only a four star review because some of the boats are scaled models, but a great book.
The first half of this novel captivated me. In Paddy Clarke Ha Ha Ha, Roddy Doyle demonstrates a marvellous ability to remember what it was like to be a ten-year-old boy. In that respect, the novel is brilliant. I would describe it as a fictional memoir of childhood written from a child's point of view. The novel is composed of a series of literary sketches, often seeming to follow no particular order, as if they spontaneously arose in Doyle's mind and then appeared on the page like happy chance accidents. This in itself creates a wonderful, free spirited, childlike mood.The second half of the novel dragged on a bit. A narrative became apparent: Paddy's parents were fighting frequently and it was obvious that their marriage was breaking down. Their ultimate separation didn't come as a surprise; I felt as though I was just waiting for the inevitable to happen.The greatness of this novel is Doyle's astonishing ability to catapult the reader back into the triumphs and losses of childhood, how important it is to be loved and wanted, how painful is the loneliness of a child.
Michael Crichton's staggering talent never shines more brilliantly than in this novel.  If you liked the film, you'll love the novel.  If you shy away from blockbusters and surrounding hype, don't do yourself the disservice of writing this book off as pulp.  It is a startlingly educational, high-suspense novel that wraps a fantastic crisis in a strong (if obvious) moral message.  This is unquestionably in the top ten of the thousand or so books I have read.  Enjoy!
Definitely worth  a re-read and even better to read fresh--new and old friends.  Short stories fit a fast paced lifestyle.
After seeing the movie, I couldn't wait to read the book.  It is an easy read, but well-written, with an engrossing story. There are some differences from the movie and those are interesting to discover.  If you are looking for a feel-good book that isn't dripping in gooey sentimentality, this is a solid choice.
People kept telling me how funny this book was, so I decided to get it from the library and see if they were right. After reading it, I have to say they were!!The book is about a fourteen-year-old girl named Georgia Nicolson and her life as a teenage girl. She talks about how boring her parents are, how crazy her cat is, and how big her nose is. If things couldn't get any worse she meets Robbie a "Sex God" with whom she falls head over heels for but who as she finds out has a girlfriend. What will Georgia do? Will anything work out the way she wants it to?The book takes you on a hilarious journey through Georgia's life and her crazy world. I read this book in only a few hours because I couldn't put it down! It's wonderful!I whole recommend this book to all teenage girls, just make sure you can read it somewhere they don't mind you dying laughing. Happy Reading!
I confess that once I started *House of Sand and Fog* it was hard to put it down.  Author Dubus is a skilled and promising novelist, and he does a fine job of conveying the neediness, desperation, and self-destructiveness of all three of his main characters.  In weaving this tale of desire, greed, lust, anger, and overarching self-absorption, he succeeds in conveying some of the more wretched aspects of the human condition.  People who are looking for books with cheerful, uplifting themes had best look elsewhere.The key to both the book's merits and its weaknesses lies in the literary device Dubus uses to tell his story.  He narrates the story through first-person accounts by the Iranian ex-colonel Massoud Amir Behrani and the troubled young alcoholic Kathy Nicolo, who emerge as rivals for the ownership of a bungalow home in "Corona," a town which for all appearances is a pseudonym for the city of Pacifica, located along Highway One south of San Francisco.  Curiously, Dubos accounts for the perspective of his third main character, deputy sheriff Lester Burdon, through third-person narration.By fleshing out his story through the respective perceptions and motivations of each main character (sometimes going through the same events from each different perspectives, in "Rashomon" fashion), Dubos succeeds in drawing in the reader and in building suspense as the story approaches a climax which is predictably dramatic (although the particulars of how things end up is certainly not predictable).Where this storytelling approach fails is in Dubos' apparent inability to create a believable "voice" for his troubled female protagonist, Kathy Nicolo.  Whereas we are given every impression that Nicolo is a pathetic, relatively uneducated  woman with an addictive personality who perceives life through a hazy veil of bad memories, poor decisions, and low self-esteem, as a narrator she speaks with astonishing articulateness, employing a self-aware discursive style more characteristic of someone who is college-educated or better.  In other words, what we are being led to believe about the content of Nicolo's perceptions and experiences does not correlate well with the writing style in which this narration is presented.  Had Dubos presented Kathy in a voice more appropriate to her actual character, it would have made for a more compelling and powerful story.Meanwhile, Dubos' presentation of Colonel Behrani is more successful, right down to the slightly formal, "in translation" nature of his use of verb phrases (e.g.,"She gave to me the book.")Overall, this book is hardly pulp fiction, but neither is it great literature.  It's an engrossing and mostly fascinating, entertaining read that conveys some real insights into the foibles of the human personality.  *House of Sand and Fog* shows how great and terrible tragedy can ensue despite people's misguided perceptions that they have proceeded on the basis of righteousness and good intentions.
Professor Rappaport states that this book is aimed at:'corporate executives, board members, institutional investors...employees, management consultants, investment bankers, public accountants [and] corporate governance activists' (Introduction, P XIX)I'm afraid I don't really fit into any of those categories, although perhaps the last comes closest to my interests. However, I was an employee of a FTSE100 company for a number of years and have witnessed, in that time, the developing trend towards 'short termism' that Professor Rappaport identifies.Rappaport sees the development of this 'short termism' as linked to the move away from 'entrepreneurial to agency capitalism', when 'owners managed and managers owned' (P7) towards, at the start of the 20th century, a corporate model. Still, up to the 1970s, most shares were owned by individual investors who looked for dividends, leaving managers free to concentrate on longer-term management and growth. But:'[t]he rise of institutional ownership ushered in the era of 'agency capitalism'.'  (P11)In other words, a 'layer of agents' was interposed between the owners of capital and the businesses in which this capital was invested. And Rappaport suggests that:'[s]hort-termism is a rational choice for investment and corporate managers whose job security, labor-market reputation, and compensation are tied to near-term performance.' (P12)There is thus an overwhelming concentration on short-term (usually quarterly) goals and share prices. Although compensation packages for managers might have increased enormously, job security has decreased in proportion and so the incentive to plan for the long term and to put in place medium to long-term business development plans that may have an initial negative impact on quarterly earnings and the share price are simply rejected.Rappaport goes on to suggest that this short-termism was an essential component in the recent (and on-going) financial crisis. Everyone could see that there was a growing housing bubble, that financial institutions were hugely leveraged, but the emphasis on quarterly figures meant that no-one was prepared to look that far into the future until, of course, that future arrived with a rather loud 'pop'. As Rappaport puts it:'The herd mentality that produces bubbles makes it difficult to listen to doomsayers. But more important, it was in each CEO's self-interest to worry about quarterly earnings targets and the company's stock price and let someone else worry about problems that might surface down the road, such as collecting the mortgage payments.' (P22)Interestingly, Rappaport extends this to cover even the idea of 'moral hazard' i.e. the idea that corporations knew they were 'too big to fail' and would ultimately be bailed out by the tax payer. He suggests:'The bottom line is that the source of moral hazard is not public-sector bailouts but privater-sector incentive structures.' (P27 in italics).Rappaport goes on to apply this analysis to many of the actors involved in the crisis including: private-sector culprits, home buyers, appraisers (e.g. mortgage brokers), lenders, credit rating agencies, corporate boards of directors, Wall Street investment banks (I think we can safely include London bankers here too) and institutional investors - all these groups looked only to the short-term.Even Milton Friedman, the doyen of Chicago School neoliberalism, is recruited in Rappaport's arguments against short-termism:'Friedman's basic argument is that companies do good by doing well. Doing well means maximising long-term shareholder value, not short-term profits.' (P51)Rappaport emphasises that short-termism was only one of the essential ingredients in the financial crisis. He recognises that there are others, that there is no one cause, (for a nice list of other possible suspects, have a look at Howard Davies 'The Financial Crisis - Who's To Blame?' and, of course, Nouriel Roubini's 'Crisis Economics') but he makes a convincing case for this element.He goes on to considers the effects of short-termism on both corporations and investment management companies (e.g. mutual funds etc.) before turning his attention, in Part 2, to combating it.Rapapport makes a number of clear and specific proposals, starting with 'Corporate Long-Term Performance Incentives' (Chapter 5). Here, he introduces the EPOPS or 'equity-premium option plan' (P102) aimed at ensuring that CEOs do consider long-term shareholder value. I am not going to outline this here - you'll have to buy the book, suffice to say that it does prompt management to take a much longer-term view.Following this, in Chapter 6, he considers how companies might become 'long-term value-creating' organisations. Of course, Berkshire Hathaway features here, as does (in the notes at the end of the chapter) Jeff Bezos and Amazon.Importantly, Rappaport also wants to see an 'Overhaul of Corporate Financial Reporting' (Chapter 7). As he says:'In the wake of the global financial meltdown, standard setters and public companies have an unprecedented opportunity to meaningfully improve the usefulness of financial reports. Tinkering at the edges of income determination will not do the job. The accounting income model is broken. The stakes are high, and we need fundamental change.' (P162)This strikes me as self-evident. But this will require legislation and legislating for 'transnational corporations' (or TNCs, as Professor Crouch refers to them) is not going to be easy. Such legislation will have to be international in scope and that usually results in a general 'levelling down' to a lowest common denominator.In Chapter 8, Rappaport turns his attention to developing 'Long-Term Performance Incentives For Investment Managers' (P181). His hope is that:'[t]he adoption of long-term performance fees...offers potentially significant social benefits...Most important, longer time horizons may lead to fewer bubble and bust cycles and stock prices that do a better job of allocating scarce resources.' (P192)Finally, in Chapter 9, Rappaport considers strategies for improving long-term returns, reducing portfolio turn-over and developing 'expectation investing'. He even offers some 'detailed tutorials and downloadable spreadsheets' from his web-site.Overall, this strikes me as a sane and comprehensive set of proposals for mitigating one of the more egregious features of modern capitalism. However, it is just one feature. It is difficult to see, perhaps, how these proposals might impact on, for example, electronic trading - the sheer speed of which makes markets so volatile. Then again, with finance now so thoroughly globalized (seeRodrik,Stiglitz,Roubiniet al) and national legislatures often largely compromised by transnational corporations (seeThomas Frankand Colin Crouch's 'The Strange Non-Death Of Neoliberalism') coupled with, in some quarters, a highly ideological opposition to any legislation that might be considered a hindrance to the 'invisible hand of the market', the chances of Rappaport's proposals being given the consideration they plainly deserve seem a bit limited.
Stocks for the Long Run: The Definitive Guide to Financial Market Returns and Long-Term Investment Strategies  Jeremy J. SiegelStocks for the Long Run makes the most convincing case for long-term stock market investing. Part history book and part finance book, it is brilliant. I want to give this book to my clients who want to put all or most of their money in CDs, bonds and other debt instruments.  Siegel uses historical records to prove that well allocated, diversified stock investments truly are the best way to steadily accumulate wealth over time. His historical narrative also turns what could be just another hard-to-read investment book into a compelling story -- there really is a great deal of drama in the retelling.If you read this book you will be armed with information to make educated choices about how to invest your hard earned money. Weathering the stock markets ups and downs can be a profound challenge to the uninformed investor. This book provides a perspective that allays some fears and offers cautions as well. Stocks for the Long Run will help you make good investment decisions, and give you confidence in the decisions you make.James Lange, CPA/Attorney and author of Retire Secure! Pay Taxes Later: The Key to Making Your Money Last as Long as You Do
I tend to avoid self-help books but the title of this one intrigued me.  After reading a little of it in the book store I bought it and have not at all been disappointed.  Among all the books promising secret formulas for success, in a society which reads horoscopes and seems to be the repository of all the talismans in the history of the world, it is most refreshing to read a book that dares to tell the simple truth - life ain't easy.I most like Peck's discussion of love. True love requires a lot of work.  It requires a lot of communication.  The act of truly listening to someone is at one and the same time the simplest and the most difficult thing a person can do, the least and the most that can be done.  There are so many people who could benefit from taking this message to heart.Having said this, I do have some criticisms of the book.  Peck does not relate his thoughts to that of others.  What he says resonates with the existential idea that we create our own meanings. It would have been nice to have had a discussion of this. I also do not care for his discussion of religious grace. It is not just that I am an atheist. It is that the idea that God's love works magic is at odds with the message about the work required for love. I have also looked at some of the books that Peck wrote after this one and found them disappointing. Nevertheless I whole-heartedly recommend this work. It contains a simple morning after sobering message that society as a whole can benefit from and that I as an indvidual found very useful.
I was reluctant to read this book, but it was for our neighborhood book club, so I felt compelled to keep going.  I found this book fascinating once I finished the first couple chapters. The characters, and there relationships with each other was so interesting.  It's a mystery, a medical drama, and a family history rolled into one.  It was a very interesting discussion.
One of the most lovely, rambling books I've ever read. I know some people get bent out of shape wondering how much embellishment Steinbeck inserted into the narratives. My advice: it doesn't matter. The book flows perfectly and was a delightful read regardless of whether it belongs on the fiction or nonfiction shelf.
Valuable resource for introduction into game design. The book is stylistically written in an enjoyable and education way. Recommend this book if you want to get a introductory idea of game design and the various aspects of the process.
I was first introduced to the mysteries of limits, differentiation, and integration in the Winter of 1966. I used a text no longer available, one that really stretched your abilities through the variety and difficulty of elementary problems offered up for exercise. Since that time, I have seen many a calculus book come and go where most contain the same old tired and unimaginative problem set. This book definitely fills that woeful gap. Not only does &quot;How to Solve Word Problems in Calculus&quot; present a great variety of classic derivative problems completely worked out, but it also presents the solutions in a step-by-step fashion, which helps the student thoroughly familiarize themselves with a basic problem-solving process as presented in an early chapter. One thing that I like is the emphasis on precise picture drawing that allows for crucial left-right brain integration--very important when trying to figure out exactly what quanity (and subsequently function) we are trying to optimize. If the book has a weakness, it is the lack of really new and innovative problems in integration. But, integration has traditionally been a subject that eludes elementary applications other than the usual geometric fare.  Don't let this stop you from buying this great and valuable teacher resource!
I don't have to convince anyone that this is the Christmas story of Christmas stories. Dickens was a genius, and I love this story.
My wife and I have adopted two girls from China so stories about adoption are important to us. Although Curtis' book is about a domestic adoption, I think it is important to show our girls the many ways families are formed. Tell Me Again About the Night I Was Born is a cute story about a young girl who asks her parents about the first night of her life. There are many details she wants to know. Was she tiny and perfect? How did her parents feel the first time they held her? What was the lullaby that mommy sang as they fell asleep? I especially like how the father plays as much of a role in the story as the mother. Tell Me Again About the Night I Was Born is a fun story that celebrates the beautiful blessing of adoption.
this book is very fun to read  and is highly visual with large clear highly colorful photography! Technical details are included but do not in any way weigh down the reading or reduce enjoyment. it makes you excited to make something original and interesting as well as the journey of designing, scrounging and making the pieces.
In 2003, shrimp passed canned tuna as America's favorite seafood, so it's time to learn about these delectable insects.They aren't really insects, of course, but distant cousins, more nearly related to crabs. Shrimp occupy the Type O position in the food web, universal donors and universal recipients. They eat anything, and everybody eats them.The Rudloes, operators of a marine specimen distributorship on the Florida Panhandle, concentrate on the Gulf of Mexico and Atlantic Coast fishery, the pink, white and brown shrimp which, although they pursue different lifestyles, are comestibly interchangeable.In  a foreward, Winston Groom, author of "Forrest Gump," compares their book to William Warner's book about the Chesapeake Bay blue crabs, "Beautiful Swimmers." "Shrimp" is not so richly layered as that book, but the crab fishery has a lore that grew over centuries. While people have eaten shrimp locally since the first net was woven, the national, the international fishery did not get going until after World War II. The Rudloes make as much as they can of the rough-hewn shrimpers and their prey.Because they are so prolific, most species of shrimp cannot be overfished, Jack and Anne Rudloe claim, but the fisheries can be -- and are -- destroyed by shoreline development and intensive farming. At the same time, shrimping is, or was, a free market activity, and the market is an idiot: It does not care if $100 worth of fish, clams and crabs are destroyed to land a dollar's worth of shrimp. Or turtles, which by law have no market value.Shrimp farms are as bad in their way, although the Rudloes claim they are beginning to clean up their act. Nearly 90 percent of shrimp sold in America comes from farms, everywhere but in America.For the record, after a lifetime of experience, Jack Rudloe says you cannot improve on shrimp steamed in beer.
This book is a bit different from the Rumpole novels, the humor is slyer and the characters are a little more developed.  I couldn't tell if this book was a mystery, a farce, a romance or a coming-of-age story about a middle-aged woman.  I decided that it didn't really matter because it was a wonderful story.
Drowning in Oil" provides excellent background on the 2010 Deepwater Horizon disaster in the Gulf of Mexico, aka the Macondo well blowout. Author Loren Steffey's (Houston Chronicle business writer) most important contribution in this book is demonstrating that the tragedy was not the result of a single error or sloppiness by front-line personnel, but rather the accumulation of a series of top-level errors that took place over a period of years creating a corporate culture that had little concern for safety. The 'Deepwater Horizon' incident literally was a disaster waiting to happen.The Deepwater Horizon floating drilling platform was a portable town for 126 people, suspended ten stories above the water's surface and a mile over the underwater well. The platform was also a ship capable of moving about 5 m.p.h. and also staying stably positioned over a wellhead. Its drilling derrick was 20 stories tall over the main deck; the entire apparatus cost about a half-billion dollars to have built (in Korea - but that's another story, about our on-going economic disaster) in 2001, and about half a million dollars/day to operate. Offshore wells cost about 5X that of land wells; BP had spent about $150 million up to that point on the well.Steffey provides a good detailing of the chaos and terror of those first moments after the explosion - two massive explosions that immediately ended lighting and power, the roar of the escaping gas, destruction/debris everywhere and impeding walking, shrieking alarms, a hot, noisy and angry fire engulfing the derrick, and thick oil/sludge covering the water below that also began burning. The human toll (11 died) would have been higher but for numerous acts of heroism and personal strength (eg. getting up after being blown across a room and covered with debris, jumping into water 70' below, carrying others unable to get up) among those on the platform. Fortunately, safety drills had been regularly practiced, the emergency equipment mostly worked, a supply boat was nearby and able to pick up survivors from the water, and Coast Guard helicopters arrived soon after to take the worst injured to expert medical facilities on shore.Incredibly, however, remaining survivors reaching shore 28 hours later were greeted by BP bureaucrats demanding that they immediately undertake drug and alcohol tests to assess possible personal blame, and then sign papers declaring that they were not witnesses to the incident. About ten days later they were also requested to sign waivers stating that they had not been injured, in return for $5,000 payment for their possessions lost on the rig.BP CEO Tony Hayward had been chosen to reverse BP's accident record - about 10X the rate of the next highest oil firm. Steffey makes clear that while Hayward had succeeded in lowering costs, he hadn't succeeded in improving safety. The bulk of "Drowning in Oil" consists of Steffey's review of recent prior major BP accidents, the most serious of which was the 2005 Texas City refinery plant explosion - 15 died at the site near I-10 which I've passed by numerous times. Just months prior to that explosion a consulting report had concluded "We have never seen a site where the notion 'I could die today' was so real." Later, an impartial commission led by former Treasury Secretary James Baker cited numerous issues and concluded in its 2007 report that BP had not distinguished between occupational safety (eg. preventing slips and falls, driving while using cell phones) and process safety (design, hazard analysis, equipment maintenance, follow-up on incidents, etc.). Government action in that instance was limited to imposing a $50 million fine for environmental violations; BP has also paid more than $1.6 billion to compensate victims. Incredibly, OSHA then cited over 700 safety violations and imposed an additional $87 million fine in 2009 for BP's failing to correct safety hazards at Texas City revealed in the 2005 explosion. (BP has paid $50.6 million, and is contesting the remaining $30.7 million; the fine was also reduced by $6.1 million.) BP recently sold the refinery (Houston Chronicle, 2/1/2011).Steffey also castigates the government's Minerals Management Service (MMS) responsible for ensuring operational safety on Gulf oil rigs. It had 55 inspectors for about 3,000 offshore facilities requiring monthly inspections. Its last inspection of Deepwater Horizon was four months prior to the explosion, and conducted by a new employee making his first inspection.  Steffey also reports on the numerous allegations of improper relationships between MMS and BP staffers, and the MMS strategy of coping with understaffing through stressing voluntary compliance.It is still unclear why the Macondo well blowout occurred. Once that happened, however, a 'blowout preventer' was supposed to prevent massive spills and fires. Steffey and others believe that the blowout preventer failed because three pieces of pipe were caught inside instead of the one it was designed for. However, even the rationale for that occurring is not certain.Finally, Steffey addresses BP's gross underestimating of the spill's size - about 1,000 barrels/day, vs. a reality of 70,000/day. As for BP's willingness to waive the $75 million liability cap, seen by some as indicative of BP's willingness to assume liability, Steffey sees this as more likely BPs way to avoid being banned from future drilling in the Gulf.  (The ability to drill in deep water was seen by BP as its competitive advantage.) Regardless, after incurring costs and liabilities exceeding $40 billion, as well as a black eye for the deaths of 11 workers and creating an oil spill that dwarfed that of the Exxon Valdez, Tony Hayward was forcibly retired and 'got his life back.'Bottom-Line: Steffey's accounting is incomplete - many questions remain, which he admits. Coming out as it did only two months prior to the Deepwater Commission's final 346-page report means it probably contributed little; however, it did at least help prevent a 'whitewash' by that group. Nonetheless, "Drowning in Oil" clearly chronicles the 'real' cause of the Gulfwater Horizon disaster - a company oblivious over the years to responsibilities for employees, the environment, and the general populace. However, BP is not the only party guilty of this - federal government regulators in the undermanned and poorly managed MMS unit (aka the SEC), legislators that set funding levels for those regulators, and the general public are also. The latter because despite still unanswered questions of how to prevent a recurrence, much of the area's population, the judiciary, and numerous political leaders immediately decried the temporary ban on Gulf drilling that followed. It seems that other industries' 'success' building profits through offshoring jobs has also made us overly biased towards fixing the resulting jobs shortage.
I like to make stuff.  I like history.  I like sailing.  This book showed me how to have fun with all three, and learn something too.
I actually read this on hard copy and bought a Kindle copy for my grandson, an aspiring write.  If you are looking for the next good book, sample it on Amazon and if you are drawn to his style and power, go for it!  One of my other favorites is Barbara Kingsolver, again because of the jaw-dropping power of her storytelling and words.
Excellent easy to follow descriptionsGreat graphicsLogical organizationLives up to the titleWell worth the cover priceCheers!
No, this is not a typical John Grisham story, but so what?  I found it to be a very well written and very interesting story. Reading through some of the reviews I am amazed. One person said that they would not read another book by Grisham without reading the reviews first.  Now that is an open mind for you.  Let someone else decide for you how good the book is. I personally never read the reviews until after I have read the book. Some complained of it being boring.  Believe it or not good books can be written without non-stop action and unbelievable heroics.  John Grisham showed that he is versitile enough to write a totaly different type of story than he normally writes.  Good for him.  This may not be the type of book you would read yourself, but it is a GOOD book.
Still in print after almost a century (it was originally published in 1909, though it seems to be set during late-Victorian times) and well-deserving of the honor, this may not be the best known of Burnett's juveniles, but it's certainly the *best*, and the most accessible to a modern audience.  It's also one of those books that can still be enjoyed whether you're eight or 88--as all the very best juvenile books are."Mistress Mary Quite Contrary"--Mary Lennox, daughter of an officer in the Raj--is orphaned by the cholera and sent to live in Yorkshire at the home of an uncle she's never met.  Misselthwaite Manor, like its adult cousin Wuthering Heights, is a gloomy if splendid old pile and full of strangeness and secrets.  Long accustomed to emotional self-sufficiency, Mary may not be sympathetic at the outset, but she's probably the only kind of child who could prosper in this neglectful environment.  Her first friends are Ben Weatherstaff, the grumpy senior gardener, Martha Sowerby, the chambermaid assigned to her, and "our Dickon," Martha's free-roaming brother who loves and charms all animals.  But it's "the robin"--a very special little redbreast who may be more than he appears--who leads her to the walled rose garden where her transformation takes place.  In resurrecting it from its decade of neglect, she finds herself--and learns the wisdom that enables her to save her cousin Colin, a bedridden invalid whose great fear is that he will become a hunchback.Burnett skillfully portrays the gradual change in character that comes to Mary and Colin and succeeds in the difficult task of transforming them from unsympathetic to thoroughly normal, likeable children.  Her underlying themes are the redemptive quality of nature and the idea that it is never too late to overcome one's faults, yet they're so subtly presented that young readers will find the book simply a fascinating, well-told story.  Like many classics, it would make a perfect family read-aloud, and should be found on the bookshelf of every child in the land.
Absolutely loved the book from start to the amazing finish. I have read a lot of Susan Lewis books and thoroughly recommend them all. An amazing author.Will be reading everything she writes.
This book was wonderful for me.  I had known that I should set up a schedule and routine but failed to do so as my son was falling asleep easily as an infant.  At 3 1/2 to 4 months of age things changed.  This was the same time that I was starting to work from home and therefore not paying as much attention to his subtle signs.To say the least, he became an unhappy baby because he was always sleepy and it was impossible to get him to sleep because his body was so out of sorts.  And if you did get him to go down for a nap it would only be for about 10-15 minutes.  I was at my wits end.This book gave me many ways of solving the problem.  I do agree, that these methods took a lot of effort but I don't see any method not taking considerable time once you have reached the stage that we were at.  I spent two week of really working at it and he now sleeps like a champ.  He goes down easily and sleeps for hours.  At night he is not nearly as fussy because he isn't exhausted.I'm so happy with my purchase of this book
Loved that the movie that I loved  followed the book so well  & the characters in the movie were such perfect representatives of the book!
Curation Nation is an excellent book because it is a great generaldescription of what is happening in the digital media space RIGHT NOW. And it gives very specific examples.  Its so good, that I've assigned two chapters to my graduate level business strategy for journalism class.
Atonement is simply a wonderful piece of fiction, one that starts off impressively and then continues, getting stronger, until the last page which quite frankly took my breath away.  The novel begins as a quaint, well-told tale about a few days on an English country estate in the 1930s.  Young Briony has written a play and is intent on staging it with her visiting cousins.  She witnesses an interchange between her older sister, Cecilia, and Robbie, their housekeeper's son, her imagination gets the better of her and she tells a lie that essentially destroys several lives.  After the lie is told, the novel jumps ahead several years, focussing on the lives of Cecilia, Robbie and ultimately Briony, as she tries to atone for her sin.  The novel then jumps forward again, it is 1999 and Briony is an accomplished writer, still, however attempting to atone for what she has done.  The closing passages of the novel are some of the most powerful I have read, ruminations on writing and the power, and the lack of power, of the written word.  Atonement is a serious piece of fiction, not something to pick up if you are in search of something light.  It may take a little patience to get into.  The first part of the novel can be a little slow (although I thought it was wonderful, something to be savored), but along the way it gains momentum and becomes utterly riveting and powerful.  If you are at all curious about Atonement, by all means pick it up.  It is a wonderful, powerful work, a rare novel.
This is a must-read for anyone who is interested  reading about the lives of Jewish mobsters during the early days of the twentieth century.  Rich Cohen does an excellent job in bringing these individuals back to life.
This book features organs and organ music as part of the goings-on. I am not musical at all but found all the information and descriptions of organs fascinating. The plot is slightly more plodding than other Langton books, but it's like listening to good music - give it time and you will get pulled into it, and then be very glad of it!The mystery itself and the characters are entertaining and in true Jane Langton style. There are the usual colorful and eccentric people, quirky incidents, and unexpected turns of events, but somehow it all ties together in the end in a very satisfying way.This book comes in as a favorite for me after Langton's "Emily Dickinson Is Dead" and "The Transcendental Murder."
This book reminded me a lot of Cold Mountain. A long, painful journey filled with love and compassion. You don't want the journey to end because you know it will not end happily. But you read on because you care for the characters and their journeys. Stories containing time travelers always confuse me because I have trouble keeping up with that concept. This book occasionally caused mild confusion, but overall, I really enjoyed it. I didn't cry like others because they let us know early on what was going to happen whereas in Cold Mountain, it was a complete shock and I was angry with Frazier a long time (until a year or two later, I re-read it and my anger dissipated.) I wonder what it would be like to be on the receiving end of such love???
This book is an odd one.  I liked the content, and the ideas presented.  In fact, I forwarded several of the ideas and examples found in the book to my corporate office for consideration.  The problem is, for some reason, the book reads choppy.  It jumps from one company to another, citing examples of what they are doing in relation to the thesis, but these citations lack depth.Still, there are stellar ideas inside this book.  The only problem is that one has to continually cherry pick ideas from the book.  I think everyone could gain information inside.  Just not all of it.  I would still recomment this book, even with that thought in mind.
This isn't your run-of-the-mill pot-boiler.  One can't wing through Faulkner's prose; one has to immearse themselves in it with patience.  But if your able to connect with his style, you'll not only be transported to a  different time and place; at times you'll go inside the minds of some of  the characters to feel their emotions and know their thoughts.  But be  warned: Readers who prefer happy endings should stay away from Faulkner.  But realistically, isn't that part of the South's heritage? - tragedy.
Beginners and advanced user will love this book as it is a great source of knowledge. the implementation of Python can be scarry at first. But this book has many real-world examples and lots of life and time saving advice from well known and well respected authors. This book can save you thousands of dollars in courses. I used to be afraid of writing with Maya.I do not work professionaly with Maya... but the little things I do took a giant leap after reading this book - and it hasn't left my desktop ever since.But no more!Recommended!
Missing punctuation everywhere, misspelled words, double space in between words etc.  Who did the editing??  That person should be fired.Edit:  I should specify this is the kindle version.
Another great book following the cases of my favorite female investigator. Every series he does is great from book 1 to the last.
The quote "He understood what human beings will do to endure the unendurable" comes from the back cover blurb, and captures well Borowski's remarkable capacity to communicate how some of the Birkenau and Auschwitz survivors were able to psychologically get through their horrific experiences. If you the reader can get through the almost unendurably painful first story of his once working on the ramp where the soon to be gassed new arrivals first get off the train (This Way for the Gas, Ladies and Gentlemen), you will find that the remaining stories also make his time in the camps clear, but without the unrelenting horror.
Sales is a challenging profession these days. The economy is down and decision makers are holding on tighter to their cash.  The principles explained by Dr. Steven Bistritz and Nicolas Read in their book, "Selling to the C-Suite," will empower you to meet these challenges and achieve rock star sales status and a long trail of loyal customers.
From the title one might think this is a reference about brewing technology, beer history, beer tasting the world over, etc. Not exactly, although there are elements of each. Rather the book is a short collection of autobiographical anecdotes by a fascinating gentleman, Mr. Charles Bamforth, a perfect contemporary example of the eccentric Englishman. With a long career in the beer industry, Bamforth recounts tales and opinions with liveliness, intelligence and humor. And he is a good writer. Think of it as sitting at a bar next to the author as he holds forth on a vast array of topics from the relative health benefits of beer versus wine - including detailed references to the scientific literature - to his acutely held views on politics, religion and culture. Those interested in actually making beer, as in microbreweries or at home, will find many helpful nuggets here and introductions to some of the more successful craft brewers of recent decades - Bamforth knows them all. More than that, the author is just a terrific conversationalist. A great gift for anyone you know who loves beer lore or just good talk.
I used to read Small Pig to my son who is now 30 years old. He loved it and had the whole book memorized when he was still too little to read it himself.  The illustrations are so cute and the story is funny and charming. This pig has personality and all he's looking for is some "good soft mud". I can still picture my son's face when the small pig meets the snake -sheer delight.  I used to read constantly to all three of my children and this book is one of my favorites.  I can't recommend it highly enough.
While reading a review of The Cement Garden, I had the uncanny feeling that I'd read this book before, then found the name of the book I was thinking of in a customer review at Amazon--Our Mother's House, by Julian Gloag. I had to order them both to read/reread/compare. Both are books about kids whose mothers die of unnamed wasting diseases who decide to dispose of the bodies and continue living as a family. On one hand, this is the set-up of a fairy tale... because the first general rule of a fairy tale is that your mother dies. But these are Gothic stories, with a house, a virgin and a secret.Our Mother's House older, published in the seventies, the story of seven--seven!--kids. "Mother" was a vicar's daughter, a keeper of a neat, harmonious household in a decaying neighborhood. There was a husband, unknown to the kids and condemned by the mother. Support comes from monthly checks that one of the younger boys, an artistic genius, endorses in his mother's hand.  The story is told in tightly focused third person, and Hugh is the point of most of the focus. Hugh craves (and helps to create a semblance of) order. Two of the other kids embrace religion feverishly when their mother dies, and commit some gross evil in the name of righteousness, the tragic results of which bond the kids even further in the name of complicity. They were blameless in the death of their mother but they do not remain blameless, and so their chance of asking for help has passed. The kids are worried about a neighbor, the housekeeper and gardener (who they fire), and a nosy teacher, Miss Deke, who puts her head in now and then, demanding to see their mother. For a while they are helped by an adult who is really just helping himself to their money and home. They live for over a year until, well, the inevitable. Because discovery is inevitable, right? Discovery is rescue, and we can't stand for kids to live in parentless squalor forever, their sheets unwashed, their hair matted, their lives degenerating.The four Cement Garden kids are more isolated, living in a neighborhood where most homes were condemned for a never-built roadway. Their parents are offered up in more detail. The father is a difficult character, the mother yielding and excusing of  his fussy, demanding, rigid ways. The narrating character, Jack, is in collusion with his two sisters. They all look after his younger brother, Tom, treating him less like a child than a simple-minded, small peer. The older three children have responded to the general air of repression and frustration in their home with sex games that fuel Jack's longing for his older sister, Julie. Though Jack is a social outcast going through a particularly pimpled adolescence, it is less the sex that thrills him and more the sense of collusion, of togetherness in a world in which they have their own secrets. This sense is lost when their parents die. Each child spirals off into his or her own private world, mimicking their parents' isolation from each other and their kids.This made me think about how, as kids, parents seem to exist as something to unite against. They are the safety net and the oppressors, security and prison all in one. In following what happens to the kids in these books, I guess Lord of the Flies sets the expected pattern. I expected that some kids would want to follow the old rules, while others would descend into "savagery." But these kids don't want to be detected, so the old forms must be followed.In Our Mother's House, the older girl Elsa (age 13) becomes the mother, firmly insisting that the rules and patterns must abide. Dunstan, the oldest boy, installs himself as a religious martinet (though lying, drinking, snooping and death are all terrifying to the kids, religion is the only great Evil in this book). The mother in this book was loving and present. The life she's created for her kids is full of love, pattern, small rituals, physical affection, order. As a result, her kids actually fare better, psychologically. They are lost and grasping without that love, but at least they had it at one point. It's clear that their needs had been met, that they had been loved.The Cement Garden kids are not as fortunate. They operated in unison against their parents. They were belittled by their father, and their father was protected by their mother. When the parents die, the kids are splintered, there is no more unity because there is nothing left to unite against. They follow separate, strange, eerie paths to self-definition and preservation. I don't want to wreck either book for possible readers, but the Cement Garden kids fascinate me. Every step they take is so wrong, and yet inexorable. Inadequately parented kids are inadequate to the task of parenting themselves--or each other. Especially each other. Julie's attempts devolve into grotesquerie.In both these books, the confusion and yearning for order and care are followed by an occasional Bacchanalian sense of celebration that there is none. Comparisons have been made to Lord of the Flies, but I don't see those as apt for two reasons; one, despite what blurbers have to say, there is no chilling, inexorable evil (aside from religion, which is discarded by Dunstan) asserted in either book, and two, adults, and the civilizing forces they represent are always available to both families. They are not lost on islands, there are neighbors, friends, various busybodies aplenty in both books. The isolation is chosen. This gives an interesting element to both books--in the element of choice, and in the examination of the parents involved. How did they set up their kids for this particular choice?I've been looking at the books, trying to figure out the key to the parenting. I think I've found it in the gardens. The garden in Our Mother's House is shaggy, untamed. There's a pile of old yellow brick near a hole that's been dug, a promised "sunken garden" for the kids. Swing, trees, a large patch of Lilies of the Valley, under which they will bury their mother. When they dig, they find the earth is full of stones. Their garden stands in direct contrast to their neighbor Mr. Halpert's garden, tidy and boxed and in possession of an automatic sprinkler. But it's a welcoming place for children, where they can play and exist and be kids. it goes wild after the mother dies, it becomes a contained but salvageable wilderness around the reminder of her grave. The garden, like the children, can recover. But the plans for the titular cement garden are in effect the blueprint for the lives the children will live after their parents die.To quote:"He had constructed rather than cultivated his garden according to some plans he sometimes spread out on the kitchen table while we peered over his shoulder. There were narrow flagstone paths which made elaborate curves to visit flower beds that were only a few feet away. One path spiralled up round a rockery as though it were a mountain pass. It annoyed him to see Tom walking straight up the side of the rockery, using the path like a short path of stairs. "Walk it properly," he shouted out the kitchen window. There was a lawn the size of a card table raised a couple of feet on a pile of rocks. Round the edge of the lawn there was just space for a single row of marigolds. He alone called it the hanging garden. In the very center of the hanging garden was a plaster stature of a dancing Pan. Here and there were sudden flights of steps, down, and then up. There was a pond with a blue plastic bottom. One day he brought home two goldfish in a plastic bag. The birds ate them on the first day. The paths were so narrow it was possible to lose your footing and fall into the flower beds. He chose flowers for their neatness and symmetry. He liked tulips and planted them well apart. He did not like bushes or ivy or roses. He would have nothing that tangled. On either side of us the houses had been cleared and in summer the vacant sites grew lush with weeds and their flowers. Before his first heart attack he had intended to build a high wall round his special world."Ah, well. Pointless, paved over, smashed down, this is a garden where nothing will ever bloom. Of the two, Cement Garden is the better book, but it's also the sadder book.
Though I could do without the references to Clinton and Monica Lewinsky, this book is one of the better written books I have ever read. Within the first paragraph are tens of words I rarely come across, and as an avid reader, that's saying a lot.The story is unpredictable and it's almost written as if the author is simply a servant to the book, rather than the other way around.  I found the relationship between the professor and the girl half his age the most interesting, her character is cleverly defined and her dialogue always takes me by surprise.Definitely worth a look.
I'm so glad that I came back to try another Kathy Reichs book. I really didn't enjoy the first of this series, because it often felt slow, and Tempe was a completely unlikable character. However, she redeemed herself in this book. The only thing that distracted from this book was how far-fetched it was. I mean, the very island she goes to for a getaway just happenes to have bodies on it that are related to her current case in Canada? Um...All in all, an interesting story.
I read this book years ago and have recommended it to friends frequently. Recently I decided to reread it (something I rarely do) and I enjoyed it even more the second time around. Stegner was an amazing person and his books are timeless.  This one - perhaps his most famous - is like a comfortable robe - something one wants to wrap around one's self, curl up with by the fire and while away a long winter's day. I wanted to weep with him at the indignities of infirmity and growl with him at the insensitive words and acts of youth.  I developed a friendship with his grandmother, his caregiver and raged with him against his ex-wife and son. People either love it or hate it.  I love it.  I hope I live long enough to read it again in another few years.
Having enjoyed  Asperger Syndrome and Anxiety: A Guide to Successful Stress Management by Nick Dubin and hearing from Judith Miller at amazon.com that "the curious incident of the dog in the night-time" by Mark Haddon and from another friend, Kendra, at Goodreads that  Born on a Blue Day: Inside the  Extraordinary Mind of an Autistic Savant by Daniel Tammet were also exceptionally  good books I decided to purchase them both.  I've not yet read the later; however, I enjoyed Haddon's fictional book told from the perspective of Christopher John Francis Boone, an autistic and gifted 15-year old living in modern day England.While Christopher may not be representative of all autistic people, he was an interesting and believable character that I will not soon forget.  Christopher could not stand to be touched.  He longed to be alone. He devised special coping mechanisms to deal with being overwhelmed by overstimulation as a result of his exceptional ability to attend to all details he comes into contact with.  He does not adapt quickly to new surroundings and people.  He does not tell lies and does not trust those who do.  He is brave and brilliant, yet has trouble expressing emotion, socializing, understanding slang and language that is not specific. He cannot tolerate his food touching other food on his plate, does not like yellow and brown things, but has an affinity for red things. He is logical and is gifted at math and remembering things.  His goal is to get A's in special advanced math courses and attend a University.Raised by his calming father following his mother's apparent death, Christopher discovers his neighbor's dead dog, Wellington--apparently murdered by an unknown assailant with a pitch fork.  Mrs. Shears believes that Christopher killed her dog and she calls the police and he reacts badly to it.Rescued by his father at the police station after Christopher is given a "caution" by the police and released, he is determined to use his gifts not unlike Sherlock Holmes to solve the mystery of the dog's murder.While the story does revolve around his investigations of Wellington's murder, the main story is to show the things Christopher has to cope with as a person with autism.I thought the author wrote an exceptionally believable account of Christopher's story that I will not soon forget.I recommend this book and while Nick Duin's Asperger Syndrome and Anxiety is not a fiction, I recommend it to all people who are likely to interact with autistic people.  While I have not yet read Daniel Tammet's book, it has received overwhelmingly positive recommendations and my guess is that it will also be a haunting read.  I'll let you know.Enjoy!
I love watching human behavior and &quot;why people do what they do&quot;.  This book allowed me to understand in an easy format, how an autistic person thinks.  In many ways, they are way more logical than we are (ie.  when a friend says &quot;nice day, isn't it?&quot;, are they really looking for an answer?  What if YOU&quot;RE not having a nice day?  Should you tell them?  Are they talking about the weather or their experiences of the day?  An autistic person can't compute this grey area and cannot respond to the question.  We never really think like this, but it DOES make sense).  It was VERY entertaining and fascinating - every time I picked up the book I felt disturbed, since I was entering a whole different way of thinking again.  But once I would continue reading, I'd feel very enlightened.  It's very absorbing.  I'd like to meet the narrator now that I understand him, and I want to see if we could have a conversation (now that I know how he thinks and what his rules are for talking to people).  What a challenge that would be.
Picture this: I'm driving on the Interstate, bored, when I decide to listen to my local NPR affiliate. Since it was lunch time, Talk Of The Nation was on and I listened with some fascination as Chandler Burr started telling a most interesting tale of Dr. Luca Turin's quest for a scientific explanation for the sense of smell. The topic quickly got around to perfume and how it's manufactured and used.I've always been enamored with perfume.Humans smell. Badly. Growing up in sub-Saharan Africa where the environment is most unforgiving of those who forgo the ritual of under-arm deodorant application has given me a sincere appreciation of all things pleasantly fragrant. During the show, Burr, who was announcing his start as the New York Times' resident "Perfume Critic", went on to discuss Dolce & Gabbana's Light Blue as "heavenly."Well, it was off to the perfume counter at my local store to sample Light Blue and I agreed. Thus began what turned out to be a year-long dalliance with all things perfume and, of course, as I am a reader, with all things written about perfume.Burr's The Emperor of Scent is a somewhat intense biopic of a somewhat intense scientist. It is a tale that started with some serendipity when Burr and Turin were both late for a train and started a conversation about Turin's line of work. Luca Turin, a biophysicist (then) with the University of London, had--and still does have--a remarkable gift for analyzing smell, in general, and perfume in particular. He decided to concentrate some of his time to understanding the one human sense that has not been completely studied, that of smell.To be sure, through the centuries, scientists have speculated on how humans smell. How we are able to discern between smells and to do it as quickly and precisely as we have through the eons. To Turin, the various hypotheses and theories up until then had some glaring logical holes--essentially, most of the theories had human olfactory organs performing what can only be described as "catching" smell molecules, feeling them for shape and deciding what exactly the smell was based on that shape.The problem was, as Turin discovered, that there are similarly-shaped molecules with vastly different smells. Why this was is really the basis of Turin's eventual theory based on one simple fact (according to him): human olfactory organs are rudimentary spectroscopes. Which means that in our heads lie the capability of analyzing molecular "waves" and this will explain why, even with molecules whose structures resemble one another, we can discern the difference between them in our ability to smell.What had the potential of being a very dry scientific treatise is handled by Burr in a lively manner so that the reader cannot help but follow the narrative along. We come to understand Turin and his attempt to convince the larger scientific community of the validity of his theory and the stubborn resistance he faced in doing so. Intrigue follows when Burr recounts the various times Turin's papers were spectacularly (these are scientists we're talking about, remember) turned down or otherwise snubbed. While all this is happening, we get to see Turin's involvement with perfume--he'd written a well-received perfume guide in 1994 which opened the doors to the world's great perfume makers to him--and understand his passion for it.If you like a well-written story, or are simply interested in perfume, I heartily recommend The Emperor of Scent. For those inclined, Turin has written several other books, one scientific treatise titled The Secret of Scent and the most recent, Perfumes: The Guide co-written with Tania Sanchez.
What do you get when you combine greed, a bunch of smart guys, and an opaque bond market? Salomon Brothers in the 1980s. Michael Lewis chronicles his early days as a trainee and then salesman in London for Salomon Brothers. What he depicts makes for very entertaining/informative reading and provides an insider's view of what actually occurred in the brokerage business during the 1980s.Liar's Poker refers to a game in which people would take a dollar and claim to have a certain set of numbers as the serial number on their bill. The other participants either continued the process or called their bluff. This game used similar tactics and skills to traders when making trades in the market so was very popular.It was a testosterone fueled environment focused on one thing, making money pour out of phones. Lewis and his fellow salespeople/traders made millions of dollars for Salomon Brothers selling bonds to investors/speculators. The customer frequently got the short end of the stick as still happens today in the individual bond market. Because of the lack of transparency in bond pricing, usually only brokers know what the actual ask/bid price is and so take advantage of individual investors. Many times the salesmen, then as now, had no real concept of what they were selling but were instructed to jam bonds down customers throats to move product.A good portion of the book describes the invention of the mortgage bond market inside of Salomon Brothers. This led to the products which caused much of the crisis in 2008.Towards the end of the events in the book, Lewis seems to grow a bit of a conscience and stops intentionally selling customers products he believes are bad. He grows disenfranchised with the market and Salomon Brothers deception and quits after making $225,000 as a 27 year old kid 2 years out of the training program.While it probably quite accurately describes the environment, one negative part of the book is the frequent use of profanity, especially the F-bomb.This book is good for anyone wanting an entertaining and eye opening account of what really goes on in most Wall Street companies. If it creates in you a desire to know what actually matters as an investor instead of what a salesman tells you, I highly recommendThe Investment Answerby Daniel Goldie & Gordon Murray.
The "Teach Yourself Hindi Dictionary" is an excellent supplementary text to have when studying the Hindi language.  It contains over 14,000 entries of very common words.  Most of these entries give the form of the word coming from Sanskrit, Perso-Arabic, and then the word you would hear in colloquial (every day speech).  It also tells you the gender of the nouns (m or f),the part of speech it is, gives the transliteration for each, and shows many entries with usage examples so you can see how it functions in a sentence.  It also includes entries from English-Hindi AND Hindi-English.  True it is not an exhaustive dictionary by any means, but for a language with relatively limited good materials out there, this would be a great aid for anyone and get you well on your way to knowing over 14,000 common words.  (Remember even the average college graduate only knows 30-40K words in his native language.)  So this dictionary is a good amount and for the price and userfriendly layout you can't complain!
Meet Christopher Boone - an autistic teenager.  His favorite colo r is red and he despises anything yellow or brown.  He lives with his father.  And he's just decided to solve the mystery of Who Killed His Neighbor's Dog.The story is much more than just a simple whodunit, however, and the mystery really takes a back seat to the many uncomfortable and complicated truths that Christopher finds as he investigates the crime.More than just a mystery, the story is a coming-of-age tale of a teenager in England.  Christopher has a father, who he lives with.  His father is obviously very dedicated but is only human and has a whole bunch of issues to deal with himself - not the least of which is raising an autistic child with no mother around to help.Were this story not told in first-person POV, we might feel sorry for Christopher.  But his rational decision making ability, combined with his very real (though sometimes unrealistic) dreams and aspirations make him understandable and complex.I won't reveal any of the plot points that deal with the mystery because the investigation is a real joy to read.  It is also very funny at times.  It's also sad in parts, too, usually when the reader understand more about the situation than Christopher does.I recently re-read this book and was delighted with the way Mark Haddon has created such a wonderful and totally believeable story.  This is a great read and one that will not disappoint.
I listened to this book as an abridged (I couldn't find unabridged) audio book, so my review may differ from that of other readers.Having seen the Jurassic Park movies multiple times each, I was actually quite surprised how this story seemed to have parts from all of the movies in it.  It makes me excited to read/listen to The Lost World next.  I read on Wikipedia that Crichton helped to write the screenplay for the Jurassic Park movie, but neither of the sequels.The book is well written with good characters.  Like I said, I listened to the abridged version, so I wish it would have gone into more details about some scenes and situations that would have had more detail otherwise.  Overall a very good and compelling read.
Raymond Carver's celebrayed 22  short story collection that re drew the map of short story telling. The stories are often brief and give just the slightest of moments in ordinary peoples lives, yet proves the adage that everyone is extraordinary.Depite the lack of background detail and the feeling you are either thrown in or intruding on a situation that is none of your business, there is something deeply human and personal to each tale;the tensions brought on by day to day exsistence, the need for identity, to belong, to fit in-even shame at what your life is or your partners appearence,that make you instantly relate to that something that Carver manages to install in each tale. How many tales has anyone written about a door to door vacuum salesman ('Collectors') for example, that  give an insight to our own hopes and failings?I've read Carver's 'What we talk about when we talk about Love' and this collection is every bit as impressive. If you haven't 'discovered' Raymond Carver, please do!
This is a fun book for sampling different religious ideas. Not all the essays were equally interesting but because of the diversity of topics most people will find something of interest. My biggest complaints were that a few were marred by the tendency common to academia to use complex and odd sentence structures. Many of the essays seemed to be apologetic (in the philosophical sense) and seemed to be stretching points a bit too far.
Not an interesting topic but the book really explains the terms and concept well. The work problems are also good practice
I have read a fair amount of history about the creation and evolution of battleships and had hopes for a novel about an actual battle cruiser in action during WW II.  Reeman's book does not disappoint.Reeman does not go into the development of the battle cruiser since it would disrupt the flow of his story, but he describes the essential character and vulnerability of the ship perfectly, as he must do to set up for the final battle in the novel.I am writing a review rather than a novel, so I can delve a little deeper.  The battle cruiser was the brainchild of Admiral Jackie Fischer, First Sea Lord of the Royal Navy.  Fischer was the driving force behind the creation of the first modern battleship, the HMS Dreadnought.  He also battled to get submarines into the Royal Navy and was mocked for the effort.  They were called 'Fischer's Toys' for ever so long.  The first time a German sub sank a Royal Navy ship they ceased to be toys and became 'unfair' weapons of terror that worried every ship's captain.Fischer had many brilliant ideas--he erupted with them--but the battle cruiser probably was not one of the best of them.  A battle cruiser was armed like a battleship with enormous guns and it looked like a battleship, but it was more lightly armored than true battleships.  It was particularly vulnerable on its thinly protected deck.Fischer was, of course, aware of this vulnerability but actually built it in with the idea that a battle cruiser bearing lighter armor could easily outrun any true battleship.  Meanwhile, its big guns could hammer almost any opponent from a safe distance.  Looked at this way, a battle cruiser still seems like a good idea for a warship.But, in WW I, the much admired Admiral Beatty didn't take advantage of the long reach of his big guns and charged in close with the enemy.  Fischer never intended for a battle cruiser to be used this way.  When three of Beatty's ships blew up he famously remarked, 'Something seems to be wrong with our bloody ships today.'  I am more inclined to think there was something wrong with the admiral who, far too much, wanted to be hailed as a second Nelson.  He wasn't.  Nelson was bold when he had to be but he wasn't stupid.The risk Beatty took was foreseeable, but there was an unanticipated risk as well.  Even when the ships were close enough to hammer each other they were too far away for a relatively flat shot that would strike the armored belt of a battle cruiser.  Instead the shots were fired at a high angle and came plunging down on the targets.  A battle cruiser with a thinly armored deck was at enormous risk of destruction when exposed to plunging rounds.The most famous battle cruiser was the HMS Hood, the largest ship in the Royal Navy and, for awhile, the largest warship in the world.  But like all battle cruisers, its deck was thinly armored.  In WW II, Hood came up against a true battleship, the Bismarck, and blew up early in the battle.  Only about three Hood sailors survived.  When the Bismarck was later cornered with a damaged rudder (a very lucky shot) it was hammered by the big guns of several ships and still would not sink or blow up.  A true battleship is a much tougher nut to crack than a battlecruiser even though they may look the same.  Finally, the Bismarck's crew scuttled the ship.Reeman's novel takes us to an actual event in WW II in which one of the few remaining Royal Navy battle cruisers had to take on a massive Italian battleship.It's a good read and hard to put down.
What a fantastic book to show the life-cycle of a tadpole to a frog!  The pictures are simple and the sentences short and easy to understand for Pre-K students.  I use this book every year when we have tadpoles brought to the class. The children are able to follow the steps of the book with their very own tadpoles.  They chart the tadpoles transformation into a frog!
This book has a lot of the information I learned about in my business development class and seminars in a program I was recently enrolled in.  It guides the reader on how much focus to place on social marketing online verus your website.  It tells the cheapest ways to set up a website, and tells you when to call a pro.  It talks about blogging, boosting your search engine rankings (so your website shows up higher in people's online search results), podcasts, Facebook, LinkedIn, and Twitter.  There's also a helpful glossary in the back.Overall, I believe the book is a good resource for someone who hasn't already taken classes or read books on online marketing.  With the classes I've already taken this was more of a refresher for me.  It was still helpful though.
As if to honor the Hollywood community's off-screen attitude toward love and marriage, James Robert Parish's &quot;The Hollywood Book of Love&quot; operates on the belief that romance is something that lasts about as long as it takes to watch the movie itself. Here are over 150 films whose view of love ranges from lush to lousy and tempestuous to twisted. Each concise summary is burnished by Parish's skillful writing and ends with a zinger for our cynical times. Numerous sidebars enliven the text with sample dialogue, behind-the-scenes gossip, and historical perspective. Useful as a video guide as well as a survey course of movie mores since talkies, this book is something of a change of pace for Parish in that his commentary is more playful than he usually allows. The expected titles are here -- &quot;Now, Voyager,&quot; &quot;Gone with the Wind,&quot; and &quot;Camille,&quot; for example -- but Parish also finds love in such unlikely places as &quot;The Sea Wolf,&quot; &quot;The Big Broadcast of 1938&quot; and even &quot;Kiss of the Dragon&quot;! &quot;The Hollywood Book of Love&quot; -- which, if you believe the publisher and the movies, is heterosexual only -- emerges as a snazzy, year-round Valentine...with its fingers crossed. I only wish I'd thought of it first.
(Thriller) An airplane has gone wild, 3 people were killed, and Ms. Casey only has a few days to figure out what happened! This was my first Crichton novel and not the best book to read on a plane. But he's a great storyteller and keeps you turning the page while surprisingly giving lots of info on how airplanes work.Potentially offensive material: Fair amount of strong language
This book takes you on the ride of a lifetime and shows you how YOU can be successful! The question is: What does it take? Ekaterina gives us the answers!There is going to be a new books saying think like Ekaterina!
Excellent and thought provoking.  This piece of literature is timeless.  I never had the opportunity to read it in high school like most people and so I purchased it.  So glad I did.  It was a quick read that kept me thinking for days.
Mark G. Sobell and Peter Seebach's A PRACTICAL GUIDE TO UNIX FOR MAC OX S USERS is a reference the UNIX/Mac user simply must have at hand: nearly a thousand pages of reference material on everything from basic and advanced shell programming to Mac's OS X filesystem and utilities modules make this the best reference on the market for users who seek either a step-by-step tutorial or a basic browser's reference for problem-solving. Exercises to test knowledge boxed highlights of information make it easy to either refer to for at-a-glance troubleshooting or sit down and study for step-by-step methodology.
The opening scene in this novel is a classic in American Literature. I laughed my ass of when I first read it and it still makes me smile 40 years later.I spent a year and a half working in the logging business that Kesey describes and he nails it so well and with such poetry. The characters are quirky, sad and heroic all at the same time - you'll love them.And he captures not only the people but there relationship with "nature" the woods, weather, and the river. Mans indomitable spirit and the simple tenacity that makes us what we are.Richard A McCullough[...]
This book is the best introduction to linux/unix-based systems I have seen. The book is good even for experienced users. Many of the topics will have details useful to experienced users and novices. Note that despite the title, the book covers to an extent non-Linux systems. It often will say how MacOS differs from Linux or from BSD. For example, in the section on home directories it mentions that the home directory on Linux is usually /home, but on MacOS it is /Users. The book is very good at walking through topics in an order that will be practical for a person new to unix.
David Lodge, as a successful novelist, lays out many important principles here.  There are many books with this same title, and many of them, including this one, are useful.
I consider all of Eric Carle's books as "must haves" for young readers. Here's one of his classics that has stood the test of time and is most engagingly written and has colorful pages.
Dreiser is best known for "An American Tragedy," which to my taste is one of the most boring books ever written. But Sister Carrie is a classic in the best sense of the word.Dreiser draws the reader back in time to turn of the century America, and immerses him completely in the hopes, fears, desires, and mores of that lost time.  The now fading archetype of the travelling salesman as the dangerously seductive dandy despoiling virtuous young women comes to life here.Sound corny? Not in the least. Because Dreiser gets inside these people's heads, and they're just as interesting as anyone gracing the pages of People Magazine.The novel starts with a timeless theme, young girl goes to the big city and gets seduced by smooth travelling salesman. Every made for TV movie variation on this theme nowadays reduces this to a morality tale to warn young viewers.Not Dreiser. He turns this into what I'd argue is one of the first and least politically tainted feminist novels of the 20th century. Buy this book. It'll cost you half of the newest John Grisham or Stephen King novel, you'll be solidly entertained with page turning excitement, and you can brag to all your friends about the classic you just finished.
When you are tired of hurting, don't want medication, but DO want relief, you'll do most anything to get it. After much research, I chose Monica Reinagel's The Inflammation Free Diet Plan.  (Click here:  http://www.amazon.com/Inflammation-Free-Diet-Plan-Monica-Reinagel/dp/0071464719/ref=tmm_hrd_title_popover_0)The premise is that certain food, drink, and spice choices can increase/decrease the body's responses to inflammation.  For example, sugars, white flour, white rice, sweets, etc. are known to cause an inflammatory response in some individuals.  The author, a noted nutritionist, explains that those are the more commonly known foods to do this.  She provides an extensive listing (over 1,500 items)and the inflammation values for each.  In addition, she includes recipes and meal plans to implement your newly gained knowledge.Testimonial:  Following The Inflammation Free Diet Plan's principles for the past three weeks, I feel better.  I have less inflammation, less pain, and more energy.  I'm not hungry and have lost 11 pounds.Pros:* explanations are easily understood* broad lists of foods, drinks, spices* meal plans to get you started* recipes that use spices with high anti-inflammatory factor ratingsCons:* tabulated sections would help to quickly find specific ratings* calorie counts would be useful when planning meals* more recipes would be a bonusThe Inflammation Free Diet Plan could help relieve your body's inflammation and pain.  It's certainly worth a try!
John Kretschmer's "At the Mercy of the Sea: The True Story of Three Sailors in a Caribbean Hurricane" is about three sailors on a collision course with a borderline category 4 and 5 hurricane named "Lenny" in mid November 1999. With sustained winds of up to 125 knots and huge breaking waves in excess of 60 feet high Kretschmer says the chances of surviving such a storm are remote especially for a small sailboat. "It will be broken apart as if made of kindling."Kretschmer, a seasoned sailor and writer, explains, "The pace of a storm, even a hurricane, isn't the frenzy depicted in a Hollywood film. It  is agonizingly slow, there is a rhythm. After a while a sailor can feel what's coming. A tracer slap on the hull means the next breaking wave is about to crash over the boat." Despite the tightly dogged hatches and port, torrents of water slosh into the cabin after each wave. Without experience of winds and seas of that magnitude and not knowing what to expect or how much abuse the boat can take nurtures fear.Kretschmer's exciting and tragic narrative about Carl Wake (age 53) in 41-foot "La Vie en Rose," Steve Rigby (age 42) in 21-foot boat "English Braids" and Guillaume Llobregat (age 36) and his deck hand Jacques Santos (age 26) in 65-foot "Fredrick-Anne" will break your heart. It's also a moving tribute to the courage, fortitude and foibles of four remarkable men.
I love These Old Shades. It's not actually Regency; it's set a little earlier, pre French Revolution. It's actually a sequel to Black Moth, although Heyer changed the names of some of her characters and a few identifying details; however, enough similarities remain to identify Avon  as the villain of the earlier book. Heyer herself confirmed this, as is  noted in one of her biographies.The discovery by the Duke of Avon of a  young boy who reminds him strongly of an old enemy, the Comte de  Saint-Vire, is intriguing; what is even more intriguing is the fact that  Leon is actually Leonie. Surprisingly enough, this child-woman inspires  Julian's protective instincts rather than his predatory ones, as might have  been expected, and instead of seducing her - which might have been his  original intention - he decides to keep well away from her. But absence, of  course, makes the heart grow fonder, and not only does Leonie miss  'milord,' but he misses his brat.The denouement of this book is one of  Heyer's most ingenious and is astonishingly well played out.A  heartwarming romance with many twists and turns; it's definitely a keeper  and shouldn't be missed. And look out for the sequel, Devil's Cub, starring  Avon's son and heir, the Marquess of Vidal. It's a delight too!
Talk about reading outside your comfort zone! Are there ever any happy war stories? Certainly not in this book. It is a book of sorrow and death and remorse and gore and misery, but every word feels very real, very true. The stories edge, at times, into the surreal, but that never takes away from the truth of the book.A book everyone should read. Even if it takes you outside your comfort zone....
One of the funniest books ever written!  After reading it, you'll understand when people refer to the &quot;Ignatius Filing System,&quot; as well as many other things.  The book's only weakness is its abrupt ending, like Toole got tired of writing and just stopped. If you haven't read it, you should!
Augie March is Saul Bellow.What an effective technique, writing a novel about yourself, an autobiography really, because you can play with the facts and draw on your experience to make the best of both worlds.  It has to be such, because this long book is full of so much intimate detail.Oh, of course, Augie March's adventures are not all true, not all of them.  It's fictionalized for effect, but it's just truer in some respects than many novels.  Maybe that also explains why it seems to drag and get boring so often.Knowing nothing of Saul Bellow's life, I can't really say how much Saul and Augie resemble each other, but I'm sure there's a knowledgeable English professor out there somewhere who has studied and written about Bellow, his life, his works, and their interweaving.Those who can't do, teach, or maybe they write.  Augie admits that he can't do much, so he writes to fill up the empty space in his life.Augie narrates the entire story in the first person, just as an autobiographer does.  However, Augie is not an "important" personage, at least not in the public's eye, so his story is "fiction," so to speak.However, it is interesting.  This is my first reading of Bellow.  I know he became highly respected as he continued to write, and I do intend to read more of his oeuvre.He's verbose and a little confusing at times, but nevertheless, he's interesting, him and Augie both, Augie being his alter ego.Augie March is the second son in a small and relatively poor family.  His father has disappeared.  His mother is passive and a surrogate grandmother moves in to rule the young household.  This all takes place on Chicago's South Side toward the end of the 1930's, and we then follow Augie through the end of the Second World War, when he ends up in Paris helping to run some kind of black market operation on surplus Army supplies.Augie's brother, Simon, marries into a family with money and then makes his own fortune.  In the book's last chapter, we get the denouement of Simon's life story, an ill-fated tryst with a paramour who then tries to sue him.Augie, meanwhile, meanders here and there, in a seemingly aimless path, keeping a journal because of all the free time he has, so he tells us.He takes up with various women, rich and poor, does some petty crime with an old homeboy, and reads constantly, whenever he can, educating himself.He breaks a bone falling off a horse while training an eagle in Mexico with his girlfriend, so the military will not accept him, and instead, he joins the Merchant Marines.  His boat is blown to bits and he finds himself, along with the ship's carpenter, as the lone two survivors, as far as they know.  This part is hard to believe, among other parts, but who cares?  It's real enough.All through his narration, Augie gives us various philosophical tidbits to think about, for example, when he and his boat mate, the ship's carpenter who has a degree in biophysics or some such are discussing why humans get bored and amoebas don't.  A question I often ask myself, sort of.Or Augie writes: "People don't do what they have a talent for but what the preoccupation leads to...(for example) If they're good at auto-repairing they have to sing Don Giovanni...It's having to prove full and ultimate self-sufficiency or some such monster dream that you don't need anyone else to do these things for you."This little bit of Augie's philosophy really hit home with me, and it described my feelings "to a tee" (so to speak).Augie's romantic experiences never quite spill over into the profane or pornographic, but they get close.  He travels to a small town outside of Mexico City (Acatla) to be with one sweetheart, a rich and eccentric young woman who finally jilts him, though he was first untrue to her.There are too many other characters in Augie's narration to even keep track of.  I started highlighting people's names, to help me remember them, because they keep recurring, just as people come and go in each of our lives.  Nevertheless, it did not help: I still could not keep everyone straight in Augie's long story.Augie's brother, Simon, stands out, and his mentor, Einhorn, the crippled man who still manages to make it the best way he can.  The Mexican, Padilla, is an interesting character, an apparent mathematical genius, and with a good heart.Augie's women are not very appealing.  His mother is kindly but seemingly lost due in part to loss of vision as she aged.  Grandma Lausch is too much of an autocrat, small kingdom or no.Augie's Greek girlfriend, Sofie, seems good-hearted and she certainly was not a prude.Stella, a minor actress whom he ends up marrying after meeting her in Mexico, is pleasant, up to a point, but later Augie learns about her "sugar daddy" and a little habit Stella has of not telling the truth.Anyway, the crux of the matter is that, if you like long and involved novels, that go nowhere and everywhere at the same time, this is your book.It's nothing like the quick and dirty novels that cloy the best-seller lists today, but it should hold up over time, especially for the unique perspective of Augie March, aka Saul Bellow, growing up in the Chicago of that era.In that geographic respect, Augie/Saul share Chicago with Nelson Algren, although he was a little bit later in sequence, and with Nelson's friend, Studs Terkel, the "working" person's writer.Diximus.
My friend who was an artist gave me this book to read. Now it is one of the few that I carry around at all times.  Robert Henri saw that there is no division between art and life. To be an artist, or trully alive for that matter, one has to experience life to his fullest. This means finding yourself and the people/things/and way of living that inspire you. When beauty strikes you so, and your full of love and joy it is hard not to do things beautifully. Henri tells us to find that beauty within us and the rest will follow. And one of the most enjoying things I found about this book was that the authors personality is very bright in every sentence. It made the book a great read. To enjoy this book, you need not to know art but to know life.
I found this quite by chance when browsing the library years ago when I was still stuck in the public school system. The storyline is unique and nicely-paced, but even then, I wished there had been more. This is a book written for an younger audience (middle-school, about) but I think this book could have done really well if it was more fleshed-out and written for an older audience, especially with the way the book ended. I wanted more information on the bad guys, and why the world became the way it was, and exactly how the parents all disappeared. Overall, I enjoyed it, and if you have a teen kid that likes to read, they may enjoy this if they like sci-fi.
Fantastic book. Felix is a great writer, give lots of insight into becoming rich, and has a funny writing style that had me reading through the whole thing within 4 days.
This has got to be one of the most evocative memoirs ever written; it certainly tops all the other road-trip/travelers tales I've read.  As befits an award winning poet, Lee's prose has a concise, 3-D image making eloquence that drops the reader into the center of a scene, in the breathing presence of a character, or into the tactile truth of a landscape.In the mid-1930s, the nineteen year-old Lee sets out on foot from his Gloucestershire home, with a tin of biscuits and a violin, on his way to London via a hundred mile detour to coast "as I'd never yet seen the sea."  Two years later he is fortuitously "rescued" off the coast of southern Spain by the Royal Navy trawling the Spanish beaches for stray Brits marooned between the warring factions of the Spanish Civil War. Lee's narrative of what happens in between these events provides priceless images of life as experienced by a penniless wanderer in depression-era Britain and pre-modern Spain.Few histories of an era or place can conjure its emotional and physical resonance quite so well as a living memory. In his description of life on the road to London, Lee is able to capture the essence of the failure of capitalism during the Thirties (our current failure being but an echo of it's father).Spoiler Alert...quotations from the book:Lee finds himself among the "host of unemployed who wandered aimlessly about England at that time...They were like a broken army walking away from war, cheeks sunken, eyes dead with fatigue. Some carried bags of tools or broken cardboard suitcases; some wore the ghosts of city suits...walking up and down the country in a maze of jobless refusals.." Among them are professional tramps, like Alf, who taught him the ways of the road. "He wore a deerstalker hat, so sodden and shredded it looked like a helping of breakfast food...a tramp to his bones, always wrapping and unwrapping himself, and picking over his bits and pieces...never passing a bit of grass that looked good for a shakedown nor a cottage that seemed ripe for charity."Soon after he parts from Alf on the outskirts of Ascot, the other half of society rolls into view: "I wasn't surprised when one of the Daimlers pulled up and an arm beckoned me from the window..."Want a pheasant my man?" asked a voice from inside. "We just knocked over a beauty a hundred yards back."  A quarter of an hour later I arrived at Ascot.  It was race week...little grooms and jockeys dodging among the long glossy legs of thoroughbreds; and the pedigree owners dipping their long cool necks into baskets of pate and gull's eggs...Alf and the tattered lines of the workless were far away in another country..."Plus a change, eh?
She is a master at suspense, and I find her books hard to put down once I begin reading one.  However, some items were left &#34;hanging&#34; in a sense - probably because the same story line will be picked up in the next book. Nevertheless, I enjoy her books immensely.
I read this book with my 17 year old son for school.  He was reluctant to get started and the dialect in the book was challenging for him.  However, the author's word choice, symbolism, and snapshots created through the words provided excellent learning opportunities for my son.  We journaled each chapter writing a summary, reaction and predictions.  I enjoyed watching him grow throughout the book of friendship and the infectious power of dreams.
Excellent as always! Wodehouse is timeless. Love it. I wish I had them all.
In HUMBOLDT'S GIFT (1975), Bellow starts with the character Von Humboldt Fleisher, who is a rich and contradictory personality. He's brilliant about high culture but fascinated and informed about low culture; he's benevolent and caring but also a bully; he is committed to high-minded pursuits but also wants money and success; he's impractical yet also shrewd and litigious; he feels qualified to advise the President but ends in a flophouse. For about 200 pages, Humboldt is like a great glitter ball rotating above a dance floor, with each flash of Bellow's light creating a subsidiary character that has elements of Humboldt's immense personality. He's the big tent. All other characters are inside.But then, we're in Chicago, more than a decade after Humboldt's death, and in the life of Charlie Citrine, the narrator of this book and Humboldt's buddy. For this time and place, Bellow once again creates characters that are reflections of elements in Humboldt's personality. But these are not just canny explorations of Humboldt's contradictory needs and values. Instead, the characters tend to be extreme parodies of elements in Humboldt and explode the book's character-based structure. While they make sense in Charlie's out-of-control life, the personalities and shenanigans of the characters Cantabile, Thaxter, and Renata are grotesque or hurtful variations of forces within Humboldt and mismatched with the start of the book. It's Humboldt-gone-wild. As a result, the final 280 pages of HUMBOLDT'S GIFT reads like Bellow has no structure. While a lot happens, this part of the book seems undisciplined and sometimes arbitrary and very very long.There are, by the way, many similarities between HUMBOLDT'S GIFT and the great HERZOG (1964). In each there is a brilliant and successful male protagonist, a crazy ex-wife, interaction with cops that involves a gun, and so on. Each book even has a character with a limp. Just speculating here: but surely Bellow was aware of these similarities. So in HUMBOLDT'S GIFT, maybe he decided to explode already strong character into grotesque parody. This is the opposite of HERZOG, where continuums of character narrow to sanity.HUMBOLDT'S GIFT is a long but worthwhile journey. It helps to show why Bellow is a great author.
This is a long emotional beautifully written novel with characters you can't forget. It's beautifully plotted - well, maybe too well plotted because the ending is almost potboiler gooey - and the action takes place in two hospitals in two countries - Missing (for Mission) in Addis Ababa and Our Lady of Perpetual Help in the ghetto of New York City. It's written by an Indian doctor who was raised in Ethiopia, schooled in Madras, turned internist and academician in the US then turned writer out of the Writers Workshop at the University of Iowa and is now a tenured Professor of The Theory and Practice of Medicine at Stanford'If I were to sum up my reaction to this book I would just say that it's a novel with good people in it - and that's a relief these days; it's a novel all the more interesting to us because of the colorful back-drop of Ethiopia in the first two thirds of the book; it's a novel with a bit too much surgical detail for me - a lot of OR description - and I still don't know whether the operating surgeon stands on the right or the left of the table. (What do you with a left-handed surgeon?) And it's a novel, which presents us with the problems of a foreign doctor, (particularly one with a dark skin) entering practice in America: Are they entitled to compete on the same level for the same choice residencies at the same choice hospitals as our domestic graduates? Coming from a different culture can they apply what they have learned medically with the same sensitivity and skill  as a graduate of, say, the University of Kansas Medical School?I'll review it by telling you about the characters because in the end it's  mostly about people. No big moral or political issuesSisteer Mary Joseph Praise - a Carmel;ite nun from India posted to Missing Hospital. It's 1954. Working there as assistant to Thomas Stone. Very religious.. Becomes pregnant byh one time incident with Stone. Conceals the pregnancy under her sari and when found delivering identical twins is rushed to operating room and dies in complicated delivery by Stone.Thomas Stone - a young. brilliant, Indian trained English surgeon who is so overwrought with the death of the woman he loved because of his bumbling delivery of his twins he rushes form the operating room and is not seen again on the pages of this book - or anywhere else for that matter - till thirty years later when he appears in the operating room of Our Lady hospital in New York as his son Marion is assisting another surgeon in a complicated liver repair. He's now the leading liver surgeon in the world and practicing in a Mayflower hospital in Boston.Thomas Stone, - Young and brilliant English surgeon. Raised in and trained in India. Father of the twins. Becomes so distraught at the botched delivery he vanishes and doesn't come back to the story till thirty years later when he's found to be the leading liver surgeon in the world, practicing in Boston Hospital.Marion Stone/Shiva Stone. Identical twin conjoined lightly at the top of the head at birth and separated in the delivery room. Some trouble (?) in detaching Shiva's head may have lead to his death thirty years later from an arteriovenous malfunction caused by blood thinner and which flooded his brain and left him brain dead within a mater of hours - in Our Lady Hospital in NYC.Marion Praise Stone. The other twin and  the narrator of this novel from page one to the end at page 651.Both Marion and Shiva are raised by Ghost and Hema (see below) at the Hospital in Ethiopia. Lovely scenes of Ethiopia. A warm family feeling at the hospital with many retainers and helpers. Both are close in boyhood with Genet (see below) but drift apart over Genet as adolescents. Marion goes to medical school. Shiva goes only part way but is the brighter. Marion becomes a general surgeon and gets an internship at Our Lady in NYC.Our Lady of Perpetual Help - it's the "Ellis Island" for young doctors from India, Africa. They can't get jobs in the "Mayflower " hospitals. But it's the place to learn because it's in the ghetto and gets the real problem cases twenty-four hours a day. Exhausting. No sleep. But you learn. (Vershage knows because he was one of them,)Ghosh. One of the loveliest characters in the book. Indian. Internist. Stationed at Missing.  As the Sister Mary Joseph Praise tragedy opens the book he is forced to become a surgeon because Thomas Stone has disappeared and the hospital has no one else to turn to. Marries Hema. (See below) Becomes father to the twins for all intents and purposes. A truly loving man and great doctor.Hema. An Indian trained OB-GYN specialist at Missing who doesn't get into the operating room in time to save the Sister Mary Joseph Praise situation but delivers the twins successfully. Another lovely character  andtruly good person. Marries Ghosh. Raises the twins as her own for thirty years as their real mother for all intents and purposes. Otherwise no children of her own.Genet. Beautiful daughter of Rosina a retainer at Missing. Same age as the twins. The three of them grow up together in Ethiopia at the hospital. All one family. However she's a tragic figure and the deus ex machina  of the tragedy which ends this novel.(As a matter of fact she's such a tragic figure that she's grist for an independent novel about her alone.)To make a very long story really short this is what happens - all told in superb prose:. There is an idyllic period while the three children grow up and go to school together. Marion loves Genet. They go to medical school together but drift apart. Genet is ready for love and allows Shiva to make love to her unbeknownst to Marion. Now it's the old triangle situation  except Marion doesn't learn the truth for some time. .Learning that her daughter has been deflowered Rosina forces Genet into female circumcision. Genet flees and becomes one of the Ethiopian rebels. She is one of four who hijack an Ethiopain Airlines plane during the civil war. She's now a refugee and wanted person and all of her friends are suspect and subject to arrest by the secret police. (This is a Communist state.) Of course, one of her friends is or was Marion Stone and they set out to arrest him. He is warned of the pending incarceration and flees; and in one of the great escape chapters gets out of the country and to America to Our lady hospital where the rest of the story takes place - at about page 400. Shiva remains in Ethiopia and is interested in the treatment and prevention of vaginal fistulas in women, so prevalent in a society which has poor obstetrical and genealogical services.In America Marion completes his internship and his residency and is now, years later, a Board Qualified General Surgeon. He practices at Our Lady still. One day, anxious for Ethiopian food, he's told about the Queen of Sheba restaurant in NYC - best Ethiopian restaurant in America. Goes there. Finds it's run by Tsegue who he has helped in Addis Ababa years before. She reunites with him and tells him Genet is now in NYC. They find each other. Genet has had a rough life. Finally he makes love to her. But he gets Hepatitis B from her and is at death's door..Now Marion is dying from liver failure but Shiva comes to America and suggests transplanting a portion of his liver into Marion. Should work because of identical twins. But no one has ever done it before. Call in Thomas Stone the greatest liver surgeon in the world and father of his twins. He does it successfully the first ever  living donor liver surgery of its kind. Marion recovers. Shiva dies from the brain bleed. In the meantime Genet has died. in prison  - dregs etc.So as the curtain comes down on this drama there are really only three people left alive - Marion, Thomas and Hema who has lost her husband (Ghosh died some years ago) she has lost one of her "children" (Shiva) but she still has Marion. Everyone else we were close to is dead.But there is more. Remember I told you it was gooey? Now there is peaceful music. Marion goes back to Missing where he remains as the surgeon. Hema is with him. She's interested in Shiva's program for the eradication and/or proper treatment of vaginal fistulas in African women. And now the program is well funded. Thomas Stone is retired with his reputation intact. Our Lady is famous for the first liver operation of it/s kind and all is well at Missing.Great novel. Great characters. Lots of plot. Long. But worth it. Please read it. You'll like it.
Let me start off by saying that if Marius was a real person, I would be stalking him.  I love him.  I love everything about him.Blood and Gold follows the life of Marius the vampire from ancient Rome (you can't go wrong here) through today.  The descriptions and details are mind-blowing.  Each century he describes is alive with details. One of the few books that actually ignites all of your senses.Marius is one of the most fascinating (and co-dependent) characters I have ever encountered.  Every emotion in this book comes to life - his feelings of love, loneliness and desparation.  I honestly have to say that this is the best Anne Rice book yet.
Happy to have the novel where it all started... I started with the Snowman & that was enough to hook me. Now I have read all the others...
Actually I would give this one 4.5 stars if I could. Haddon's book is original and endearing; it's narrated by an austitic boy whose quest to find out who killed the neighbor's dog leads him to make shocking discoveries about his own family. Parts of this book made me laugh out loud and parts made me want to cry. Christopher helps open the readers eyes to the fact that having a disability doesn't mean leading a less fulfilling life.It's definately worth the read, and it's a quickie too; I finished in one night. I would also recommend this title for high school aged readers and book clubs.
This book has made me a better lawyer. I was a psychology major as an undergrad so I was familiar with the concepts but was not able to apply that information before getting this book. I consider this one of the top 3 books on my wall full of books. (The other two are &#34;The Science of Persuasion&#34; by Bradshaw, and &#34;Influence&#34; by Cialdini.) All lawyers should read this book.
Somerset Maugham's early 1900's novel of birth, life, death, tragedy and discovery is considered a masterpiece and rightly so. The very roughly autobiographical book is a descriptive and evocative collection through the adolescence of the central character, Philip Carey. He is afflicted with club-foot, but the physical condition is only the beginning for him. Suffering the death of his father and mother at a young age, the loss of his familiar governess and seeping beliefs and hopes he is undeniably a tragic figure.The book's title is hardly a mistake. It is apt. As if riding an endless wave without destination or direction Philip flows through life for most of the book until its triumphant end - until his `eureka' moment - which comes swiftly and surprisingly and only when he is free of his bondage. The slavery that most humans are afflicted with and dare not get away from is his too and only the nihilistic realization of the futility and the mediocrity of it all sets him free from love, sorrow, betrayal, religion, dreams, societal rank, family and friends. "I do not confer praise or blame. I take my cues from the persons themselves."Of Human Bondage is the story of the young Carey, but indeed could be several novels pieced together. Characters drift in and out and not usually sympathetically. The book meanders through different parts of England, mirroring the swift departure of his Philip's parents and others, via Paris and Heidelberg with dreams of Asia, America, Spain and Italy interwoven into the narrative. Mirroring this, Philip is young yet tries painting (which he abandons after Monsieur Foinet advises him of his mediocrity while denigrating art as subsistence), theology, accountancy, shop floor work, fashion design and finally medicine. It is full circle given how his father was a doctor. At times Maugham rejects the notion of morality in tandem with his dismissal of a divine purpose to humanity. Indeed his belittling love for Mildred is subjugation so utterly embarrassing that the mind aches of repulsiveness. "I have never committed a sin," insists Philip's friend Cronshaw who at the end is instrumental in his younger friend's evolution. "How can I regret when what I did was inevitable?" This is fatalism and in Of Human Bondage, it surges increasingly towards a disdain for reprehension. The meaning of life is to be found in a Persian carpet. A riddle that helps Philip rescue himself once the cryptic answer unfolds to him.Of Human Bondage figures inThe Catcher in the Ryeand the thoughts of its hero, Holden Caulfield. It is very much a classic in itself, but Holden's reference is not an insignificant one given the more contemporary book's disposition. Maugham casts aside religion, morality or any self-defined systems that would replace them. He finds himself. "There is no such thing as abstract morality." The patterns are all there is.
I bought this book after buying and beginning to use the "Java for Dummies" book. Together, they've helped me get a good start learning Java programming. This book starts virtually from scratch, with definitions of variables and detailed instruction on how to use if-else, for-loops, while and do-while loops, etc., so it shouldn't leave a total beginner scratching her or his head. I've done hobby-level programming in a half-dozen other languages previously, so the use of these elements was familiar to me, but even so I learned some new things from this book's treatment of the subjects.It doesn't do as good a job, to my way of learning, of explaining object-oriented programming as the "Dummies" book, although it does, of course, address the subject extensively. And neither book has made crystal-clear to me how to structure multiple-file projects, but that may be due more to my "skip-around and experiment" approach (in contrast to reading and applying the lessons in order).On the whole, I probably use this book more than the other, as I scratch my way through the learning process. It would benefit enormously from a more thorough (and more carefully proofread) index.
I read this book since it took place in and around the Philadelphia area and I had bought a cheap used copy at a local library, and it looked interesting.  I was not expecting a well written story but I enjoyed the story despite the negative Philadelphia stereotypes and even Italian-American stereotypes. The writing did keep me reading the entire book until the end.  This is not Dexter's best work which would either be Paris Trout or Train but it is still a good book to read with well developed characters.
Reading this book was like stepping inside the psyche of Dustin Hoffman's character, Ray, in Rain Man.  Incredibly revealing!  Funny, genuine and painfully honest, this story tells the tale of Christopher Swindon, a 15-year old "special" boy who, like boys his age, is curious as hell, but his autism channels his curiosity towards simpler matters like investigating the death of his neighbors' dog.  What begins as a seemingly innocent "murder mystery" morphs into a chain of fortuitous events leading to the discovery of several truths that will bring Christopher full circle and provide answers to a number of ambiguous questions.Most infants and youngsters are very social individuals who thrive on contact with others in order to develop and grow.  In contrast, autistic children seem to exist in their own worlds living with the comfort of repetitive routines, peculiar behaviors, poor communication and a complete lack of social awareness. We learn as the story progresses of the mind of an autistic child - its incredible mind-boggling strengths (he is a math's & physics whiz and aces his A-Levels in Maths at 15!) and the hardships of seemingly simple tasks and human connections (he doesn't like to be held, touched or hugged, even by his parents).  What is most fascinating about this book is that it is narrated by Christopher himself.  In simplistic language and through the lens of a very candid reporter - we are accompanied through the pages of a quasi-detective story brimming with description and dotted with mathematical diagrams, puzzles and geometry proofs to lend force and credibility to "his book".Christopher's eccentricities are beyond his control.  He is driven by a need for order.  He dislikes the colors yellow and brown.  He will not eat his food if different foods are touching, he has created a dictionary to define a "Super Good Day" from a "Bad Day" based on the order and color of cars he happens to experience that day, he doesn't like to be touched or hugged, even by his parents, he groans to create `white noise' when presented with a social situation he cannot deal with.  All these behaviors and more define Christophers' sphere of living.  Still, this young man is a force to be reckoned with; his irrationalities give birth to validations and a logic that you cannot argue with.  He single-handedly unravels the truth he knows not he is looking for and teaches us the simple grounds on which trust can come to exist or crumble like a wall of bricks.Christopher immediately wins you over with the precious innocence that we can only still find in children.  He is funny, although unintentionally so, and his relentless devotion to his "mission" is adorable and heartbreaking all at once.  This is a very easy read that will evoke a great number of "aww's" from its readers.  Witty and highly amusing, it is quite an adventure to experience the world through a pair of astutely clear lenses.
This is an excellent and thought-provoking book, and I think that even people who are proudly "debt-free" could learn from it. I'm not a fabulous manager of my own money, although I'm not a desperate, deeply indebted compulsive shopper either. I have benefited from exposure to authors, and radio show hosts, who teach - well, it's more like they preach - how ordinary people can get out of debt. While I think they are doing a lot of good, they tend to be really hard core and assume that all debt is evil (with a slight, perhaps grudging, exception for mortgage debt). I wonder how many people try and fail to entirely follow a stringent program, and thus feel they have failed, so they give up and muddle along in constant debt - so close to the financial edge that even a minor misfortune can push them over into hardship or disaster. It is possible to conquer stupid debt, make the most of your money, and not only survive but thrive, and this book is a great guide.This book is a wonderful resource, especially for people who don't feel that they are good with finances. You don't need to be a financial whiz, or dedicate yourself to a life of extraordinary frugality and sacrifice, to benefit from the information in this book. All debt is not evil, but the trick is to figure out what debt to avoid, and how to manage the debts you incur.  This book is a great guide to the ins and outs of credit cards, mortgages, home equity loans, student loans, auto loans, and many other issues that everyone is likely to encounter sometime in life.I would seriously consider giving this book to a recent graduate, an engaged couple, or anyone who seems interested in improving their financial situation. I've already consulted it a few times as a reference, after my first reading of it.
I've read all the existing Outlander books, and am eagerly awaiting her new release in the fall.  I love them so much that if I finish one late at night, I order the Kindle version of the next book on the spot!  Jean Auel's series is the only other book series I've enjoyed as much as the Outlander books, and so far, Outlander is on top in my opinion!
For some reason Hemingway seems to be a target for cheap criticism; I guess his spare, masculine style is easy to mock. But 'The Sun Also Rises' is not only a great masterpiece by one of the 20th century's best and most innovative writers, it's also terrifically entertaining, funny, subtle and ironic. And here's a hint for those who complain that nothing happens in the book. There's this amazing thing you should find out about: it's called SUBTEXT.
Haven't read it yet--always love Nesbo--I'm sure he won't disappoint.  He never does. Ask me in a week or two.
This is the classic "How to succeed" self-help book written with a twist: instead of telling you how to succeed, the author claims to be telling you how to fail. In the preface and numerous asides, though, he broadly winks and warns you that if you instead do the opposite of the instructions, you might actually succeed in life.Once you're past this rhetorical device, you'll recognize the content from other similar books. I think the lighthearted, slightly cynical humor might make the message sound a little less pollyannaish that it can in other contexts, but there really isn't much new here. If you feel like your life isn't going anywhere, you don't already know what "self-actualization" means, and you like offbeat (if sometimes awkward) humor, then this book is for you.
I am rating this book 4 stars (higher than it deserves) since it will get you to examine your trading ideas objectively and because it has key ideas that every trader must know. That being said, I must make the following points:1) The book is unedited. You will read sentences similar to the following: "In this chapter we will look at a key strategy and then add it to what you read in the previous chapter and then later in the next chapter you will remember what you read four chapters ago, and add it chapter 8." Then there will be a sidebar that repeats this verbatim. The entire book could be written in a concise powerful 100 pager that would be an instant classic and sell a zillion copies. Instead, sadly, it will collect dust on shelves everywhere and look impressive in your library but not be read.2) Key content is held back. You have to read fifty pages of nothing to get one sentence of value and then only a snippet of detail is given. Van Tharp is either too scared to commit his ideas to paper or wants to keep content available for his seminars or workshops (read high priced seminars & workshops).To sum up: a dry, painful and depressing read; but one you must make to go to the head of the class and pass the exam.If you want to pretend you read it, just say the following at your next cocktail party. "Yeah, position sizing is important. You can have a profitable system and still lose money like Van Tharp talks about in his book." That's it, I just just saved you 20 hours of reading torture; please send me a check in the mail.
It took me a while to read this book, but I'm glad I finished it. At times the descriptiveness can be a bit much, but aside from that, the storyline was unique and interesting. Overall I think it was an entertaining read. It does get pretty dark though, which I kind of expected.
I LOVE the premise behind this book!!!!!--delicious meals in just 30 minutes or less--nutritious and delicious 350-calorie meals--150 calorie snacks--150 calorie dessertsThe author is DEFINITELY on to something here!However, there are a few disappointments here and there that I hope the author will take to heart and revise in a future issue:1. WAY WAY TOO MANY PORK RECIPES!In the 6 recipe Poultry- and meat-based breakfasts section, 4 of them have some form of PORK, one is beef, and ONE is for poultry as a turkey sausage dish!  The next 7 recipe egg-based breakfasts section have 3 recipes calling for PORK again. Another 3 barely miss this because she specifies using turkey ham in two recipes and turkey pepperoni in one. The 10 recipe Breads, Pancakes ad Grain-based breakfasts section has another FOUR recipes or menus with PORK.  She even suggests canadian bacon as part of the menu for one of her fruit- and vegetable-based breakfasts section. My point is, if someone were to follow these breakfast menus for a month, they would be consuming a pork product 12 days out of 30. That's a lot of pork consumption, and that's JUST FOR BREAKFAST. Fortunately, only 3 or 4 of her lunch recipes  and 8 of her dinner recipes call for pork or pork products (like pepperoni or sausage). Still, that totals almost 24 out of 90 recipes for breakfasts, lunches and dinner, a whopping 27%, that call for pork products. For the person who doesn't eat pork, that's more than a quarter of the book which is either useless or has to be refigured.2. WHERE'S THE LENTIL???I would like to see her include more egg recipes, more chicken recipes, and more meatless recipes. Lentils are a fantastic high protein high fiber and incredibly nutritious food that could have brought a lot more variety to her lunch and dinner offerings. A quick look through her book didn't find one single recipe utilizing lentils. Lentils may very well be one of the cheapest, easiest, quickest-cooking, nutritious but so overlooked foods, and I can't believe a recipe book such as this one, in 2009, made this error. Lentils do not cause the gas that other legumes do, and they cook very quickly. They are truly a dieter's as well as non-dieter's super food. And I am disappointed that I cannot find even one recipe for a dish that includes lentils in this book.3. Most of her recipes serves 4. Leftovers from lunch or dinner aren't difficult to use on another day, but having every breakfast recipe serve 4 requires reconfiguring for those of us who do not have 4 to serve for breakfast every morning. Breakfast leftovers just do not keep very well. I think it would've been fairly easy to make a note somewhere on each recipe what to do to make each recipe to serve 2. Sometimes cutting it in half doesn't work. Overall, however, this isn't a major complaint. You do have to be careful though. There is at least one recipe which serves 8, so 1/4th of the recipe would actually be TWO servings and not just one.4. I would like to see just a tad bit more coordination between meals, or at least to have suggestions for a day-by-day meal guide. Otherwise, it's a lot of cooking every day.5. The lunch recipes, many of them anyway, aren't very conducive to taking to school or work. I would love to see a future edition expand a lunch section specifically for those that have to take their lunch with them.Otherwise, this book really is a GREAT idea!!! When I have the time, I may sit down and come up with my own 1500 calorie a day cookbook, pulling a few recipes from her book but including many other more nutritious offerings as well, for my own personal use. This book is a good first step, and has some really great ideas. I love that I could choose 3 meal recipes, 1 dessert recipe, and 2 snack or appetizer recipes from this book every day and stay within 1500 calories!!!!I recommend this book just for the strength of its idea. It could go a long way in helping to plan out some great menus, all within a specific 1500 calorie range. While many of the recipes will be completely useless for me, there are a few good ones in here. Mostly, though, this book is great for the ideas it generates for me.
Although the idea of Perfume being related to something as base as murder  is an interesting twist, it is nothing compared to the fugue that Sueskind  creates in this book. The story grabs you from the first sentence and it  keeps you turning the pages. Perfume vividly portrays eighteenth-century  France from a viewpoint not often considered - and definitely omitted from  history books - while recounting the story of a man with a nose for  unsavory things, such as murder.Highly readable, highly enjoyable,  highly recommended!
This book is excellent.  Hands down.  This book was written by a stock/options trader but I have found his strategies to be very helpful in my forex trading.  The principles are the same and the chart setups and examples he uses are very clear.  I can relate to his personal story too.  What a great story he has.  Started out with the same struggles all of us have had.  This book is a must read.High Probability Forex Breakout Trades That Are Easy To Spot
This was the first of twenty + Seth books. Intended to offer a taste of future Seth material, this manuscript certainly whet my appetite to know more. While the Seth information was channeled forty years ago, I consider Seth to be the father of the new age and self-help movement. Far from some pat or compassionless oversimplification of how we create reality, Seth leads the reader, with clarity and humor, into the incredibly complex world of the soul. This book demonstrates how we are all ultimately connected with each other, God. The authenticity of the material is indisputable making this (as well as all Seth books) an essential read for any sincere seeker.
Reading Mark Haddon's The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-time is a journey through the mind and heart of a young man with autism. Christopher narrates his adventure which is part mystery, part adventure and completely fascinating. After finding his neighbor's dog killed in the yard, Christopher, a boy who cannot understand human emotion, decides to investigate the crime. In the process he uncovers secrets that turn his world upside down. The real strength in this book comes from the way the protagonist is empathetically drawn, but not a figure to be pitied. The struggles of his parents to connect with him and the stresses they encounter add a poignant realism. The people he encounters during his wild adventure are a cross section of life, patient supporters, those who judge and ridicule and mostly folks who do not understand him. In the end, Christopher is victorious not only in his sleuthing, but in his difficult and inspiring walk through the world.
One of Steinbeck's greatest stories, Of Mice and Men tells the tragic tale of two ranch hands--the small leader George and his large, retarded friend Lenny--struggling to survive in central California during the depression. While George looks out for the two, Lenny's innocent curiosity and brute strength prevents them from settling in one place or realizing their dream of owning their own farm. It is the type of heart warming story only Steinbeck can write and the realistic description and charged emotion throughout is unbeatable. This is one of my favorite Steinbeck stories because it can be enjoyed with a quick, cursory reading, but there are several other levels to explore within the novella if you choose to spend the time. It is a very short story--perfect for a junior high book report or a relaxing afternoon on the couch. I highly recommend this book.
Woud have been a good book to peruse earlier in my life.  Still find it immensely helpful and quite informative..
This is my favorite Reich's book yet!  It is technical, yet not heavy handed.  There is  surprise subplot with a surprise ending or two.  Well done!
I found this  book interesting with some very intreging twist.  It is fill with the rawest kind of life.  Rough and brutal men pulled together by their work with a sophisticated intellectual thrown into the middle by a series of unusual circumstances.  The results were very interesting and I liked the ending.
I first read this series 25 years ago. I was twelve and had just finished "The Hobbit" and "Lord of the Rings". At the time I rated this book as better than those classics - and I devoured all the Duncton books I could find.Now, 25 years later, I decided to read it again. I remember loving it back then, but thought it was just because I was a kid. But, wow! After all these years I love it even more. This might sound incredible, but this story about moles(!!) is right up there with The Wheel of Time as my all time favorite. I'd rate it as better than Mistborn.Do yourself a favor and get this.
Ha Jin's novel, &quot;Waiting,&quot; is about Lin Kong, a gentle and scholarly man who is stuck in a loveless marriage with the stolid and dependable Shuyu, who was given to him in an arranged marriage.  He leaves Shuyu in the countryside with their daughter, Hua, and he becomes an army doctor.  The novel spans several decades, as Lin forms an attachment to a nurse named Manna, and decides to divorce his wife.  The novel has little plot.  Ha Jin concentrates on how Mao's Cultural Revolution changed the life of the Chinese, and how the social atmosphere in China from the sixties to the eighties limited the choices that men and women could make in work and in love.  Ha Jin explores the attempts of the characters to express themselves as individuals and, at the same time, do what is proper in the eyes of the state and of their fellow citizens.  How can they accumulate wealth without being denounced as bourgeois?  How can they find love when the State stands in their way?  Both Lin and Manna make difficult choices and they pay a price for their &quot;happiness&quot;.  Only Shuyu, who asks for nothing and gives of herself unstintingly, seems to emerge emotionally unscathed.  Ha Jin has written a touching and low-key novel that beautifully describes life in China from the Cultural Revolution through its aftermath.  He captures the feeling of rural China particularly well, describing the hardscrabble life that people live on a day to day basis.  The characters and dialogue are simple yet affecting.  Ha Jin seems to be saying that happiness, especially in a culture as constricting as that of China, is an elusive commodity.  People who are brought up to repress their feeling and emotions often forget how to feel and often do not even know what they want.  &quot;Waiting&quot; is a glimpse into a culture with which most Americans are completely unfamiliar.
London's great sea adventure depicts an epic struggle between brute force and pampered entitlement. Its narrator, Humphrey Van Weyden, is a professional critic and the "Dean of American Letters the Second" (a sly reference to William Dean Howells). When the ferry across the Golden Gate span capsizes, Van Weyden is rescued from the ocean, and then kidnapped as an unwilling deckhand, by a schooner en route to the seal-hunting islands of Japan. The captain of the schooner, Wolf Larsen, is a despotic beast who scorns civility and whose idea of law is to serve his own power as dictator--his self-proclaimed "piggishness."Like all of London's fiction, this novel is an allegory, and "The Sea-Wolf" is as much a philosophical treatise as it is a sea adventure. Against Humphrey's aristocratic pretensions and effete scholarship, London pits Wolf's vulgar blend of social Darwinism and primeval strength. "You would like to go back to the land," Wolf argues, "which is a special place for your kind of piggishness. It is a whim of mine to keep you aboard this ship, where my piggishness flourishes."There is much of this type of banter and didacticism (in a literary form abused to perfection later in the century by the likes of Ayn Rand and Robert Heinlein). Throughout these often one-sided debates, Wolf overwhelms the arguments of his captive opponent--and this in spite of the fact that London meant to portray the captain-tyrant as an example of the dangers of "the superman philosophy" as posited by Nietzsche. The tension that results as Wolf even gets the better of his author makes the captain the more interesting of the pair--and one of the most memorable characters invented for fiction.A shift occurs midway through the story, however, when the crew of the schooner rescues another castaway, the poet Maud Brewster, who is likewise held captive. It's easy to see why many readers and critics feel that the introduction of this "romantic interest" detracts from the tale; as a love story, it fails miserably (never more so than when they are shipwrecked again, on a desert island).On an allegorical level, however, it's a subversive and somewhat brilliant intervention. If Wolf exemplifies brute strength and Humphrey typifies unearned decadence, then Maud bowls over both worldviews as the representative of art and civilization: "Books and brains, and bravery," as Wolf leeringly acknowledges in spite of himself; "a bluestocking fit to be the wife of a pirate chief." Humphrey hardens under the labor of his duties, Wolf softens under the influence of his newly captured muse, and neither extreme suffices in the face of moderation. From this point, it doesn't take much to figure out who will win this three-way battle of wills.
The Fighting Ground is a great book about a 15 years old boy named Jonathan who lived in Trenton, New Jersey.  This book is set during the American Revolutionary war.  America was fighting for its independence from England.Jonathan is the only boy in his family who had not gone to war so he was waiting for his turn to go to war.  Then one day, the bell rang at the Tavern and Jonathan went to go see what was happening.  A Corporal was at the Tavern recruiting men to fight the Hessians (German Mercenaries serving for the British in the Revolution).  The men of the town thought Jonathan was too young, but the Corporal took him any way.  So Jonathan was on his way to war, the one thing he was dreaming of doing for almost half of his life.This was a really good book with a sad middle and an exiting climax.  If I could read this book a million and one more times I would.  The detail in the book was exciting and I encourage every one to read The Fighting Ground.
This book will never be outdated because it captures the unchanging face of human archetypes that have pervaded stories of all cultures in all times. These characters are people we know, or would like to know, or have already known. Plot and structure advance the story and strengthen the on going themes and subplot. I will not divulge more here except to say that even John Wayne who played Wolf Larsen in the film version looks small next to the actual character. Get this book; do not miss this book.
Feminist have marketed women with gret success in being victims and received billions in federal aid for women's causes while rationalizing that men and boys don't deserve federal assisted programs. It's easy because men are so stupid. If a woman wants to kill her husband, all she needs to do is to claim she was abused. Women's groups will testify with a large amount of literature explaining why a woman can kill a husband in self defense even though there is no evidense or history of spousal abuse.
This impossible-to-synopsize novel is elegant, evocative, funny, sharp in its characterizations, profound in its suggestiveness.  I cannot understand calling it &quot;unstructured,&quot; as one reviewer here has -- it is a miracle of craft.  It is about writing in a fairly direct way, about imagination and &quot;fantasy,&quot; but too about the unknowability of ordinary people, about the hackles truth can raise because truth is always necessarily partial, unreachable.This is not just a writer who knows what he's doing.  He knows what we're all doing.
What can I say except that if you want to read a hilarious book that you simply can't stop reading until you hit the page that reads &#34;The End&#34; then this is the one!
The CIA  has been falling apart for years.  Probably not news after the 9/11 report.  Baer after 20 plus years in the Agency has a tale to tell which is really interesting but not good news.  If you at all interested in the CIA or the beginnings of the war on terror this book is for you.  Bad personel and piss poor policy make this a real eye opener even if you don't lean right.
This is a book to bring you to new understandings of other dimensional realities.  I hadn't thought about my personality having its own resonance or chord tone, recognizable in other dimensions, as me.  There is a lot to digest in this book.  Every page is filled with amazing knowledge to help one to grow in their own understandings.
I am an intermediate speaker in south florida, teaching myself speaking spanish. I have used many of the podcast and speaking courses qavailable, and now using this book is an excellent way of putting a lot of stuff into practical use. I enjoy the broad coverage in the exdrcises, using all levels of tenses and phraases and sitauations, that chat challenge. I wish it was somewhat better orgqanized...is some cases it starts talking about topic x, and in the same section winds up on topic z. The topic headlines need work.  You do need a dictionary and verb book for the great exercises.I hiighly recommend this.  Too bad not  available as a kindle or iphone text.
In those days there was no money to buy books or food, but we went to the racing every day.  You could sit in a cafe to work until Ezra or Miss Stein or that cad Ford Madox Ford showed up.It was a fine time in Paris and every cafe he passed he saw writers whose stories were wonderful to read.  He wrote about himself and his friends. His odd way of writing seemed good and true and fine.  Even if you did not always like his novels his own story was amusing.&quot;Hem,&quot; he said to himself, &quot;To have come on all this new world of writing...was like having a great treasure given to you.&quot;  Ah, there was a memoir worth the reading.
Read his first book last and convinced he kept the same standard throughout all his books. Edge of the seat!
Grisham does an excellent job of putting the reader in the time and place.  This book accurately describes the daily struggles of farmers and their tennants.It's a different style of writing that's typical of Grisham - I've enjoyed every Grisham book and while this book is of a different style, it was a very enjoyable read.
Disclaimer: I am an Apple lover and a big fan of Steve Jobs, very grateful and appreciative of products that I have found to be transformative.  I greatly respect his dedication to the passionate pursuit of excellence.I have always admired the oratorical skills of Steve Jobs, particularly the brilliant Apple keynote speeches and his iconic commencement address at Stanford.  I domy fair share of public speaking and aspire to have the smooth style, brevity and enthusiasm that are intrinsic to the grand master.  Carmine Gallo does an inspiring job in deconstructing the key elements of the Jobs' oratorical techniques so as to understand how to deliver a phenomenal presentation.  This book was an easy and interesting read and I found it to be of great utility and immediately integrated the tenets and secrets of Steve Job's rhetorical skills and passionate style into my own public addresses, whether the audience be one person or an auditorium-full of people.  In the following words, I will summarize the salient points made by Carmine Gallo.Regarding the use of data during a presentation, make it specific, relevant, and contextual. Speak in simple, clear, and direct language.  Unclutter and eliminate redundant language, buzzwords, and jargon. Edit, edit, and edit some more.  Gallo references Kawasaki's qualities of an outstanding demonstration: simple, short, sweet, swift and substantial.Make an effort to stroke the dopamine receptors of your audience. After all, your customers are your sales force and the most potent evangelists for your cause.Dopamine greatly aids memory and information processing and if you can get the brain to put a chemical "post-it" note on an idea, it will be more robustly processed and easily remembered.  Powerful terms, when integrated them into your talks, will help release the dopamine, as will an emotionally charged delivery. SJ loved the following zippy words: amazing; incredible; gorgeous; insanely great; coolest; buckle up; put on your shoulder harness; lust object; stunning; miraculously engineered.Presentation skills are fundamental.  It is important to maintain good eye contact and positive body language: an open body without fidgeting or other distracting habits without looking back at slides or hiding behind the lectern. The delivery should vary the vocal volume, inflection, and cadence.  Filler words should be avoided and pauses should be used in their place.  Unleash your inner Zen by using very few words and plenty of compelling visuals.  An energetic delivery is quintessential--passion in the voice, a bounce in the step, and a smile on the face are inspirational.  Enthusiasm makes one likable.  Share your passion for your, subject and your enthusiasm will be contagious.One's speaking style should be informal and casual. Never read slides or turn your back to the audience.  Slides should be highly visual with one key idea only.  Memorize the one key idea per slide. Practice the entire presentation without notes simply using slides as prompter. Spontaneity is the result of planned practice!Steve Jobs consistently adheres to the rule of three:  the human mind can only consume three points of information in short-term memory. Our brains crave meaning before detail, so deliver the big picture before filling in the details. If you can't describe your product or service in 140 characters or less, go back to the drawing board. Every great book or movie has a hero and a villain. Consider a presentation in the same way--a theatrical event complete with a protagonist and antagonist.  Jobs uses the rhetorical device of raising a question and providing the answer. Your audience is asking what's in it for me?  Don't leave them guessing. The villain can be a competitor or in many cases a problem in need of a solution.Most presenters have more information than they can easily convey in a short amount of time. Don't try to squeeze in everything. Simplify communications. If you want to deliver a Jobs-worthy presentation, avoid content overload.  The 10-minute rule simply states that your audience will lose attention after 10 minutes.  At the 10-minute mark introduce a break in the action: a video, stories, another speaker, and a demo all can be effective. A prop is anything to take the attention away from the presentation and gives the audience a break from the slides. They appreciate the diversion.In summary, Carmine Gallo's book is a winner and will prove to be of great help in improving the communication skills of anybody doing a presentation. I only wish that the presenters at many of the medical lectures that I have attended had read this book!Andrew Siegel, M.D.AUTHOR OF: PROMISCUOUS EATING--UNDERSTANDING AND ENDING OUR SELF-DESTRUCTIVE RELATIONSHIP WITH FOOD
Thought I was the only one who had aMother that kicked me out of the family for no real reason! Boy was I wrong and it turns out there are many of us! And now we have help processing this and moving forward in a healthy manner! This book saved my sanity!! Great read.
This book is great for kids and adults. the indormation is easy to read. illustrated very good.makes a great book for those just starting out reading and studying about slavery and slave runaways.
This may be a series of personal and emotional accounts to O'Brien, but because of his writing style and the impact the Vietnam Conflict had on both him and everyone else in the Vietnam era, the reader can't help but ultimatley feel as if they are walking behind O'Brien in formation, seeing everything he sees and going everywhere he goes.No book has ever captured that elusive truth of what it was like in such startling fashion as The Things They Carried.  No book has ever captured the effect it had on those involved years after it happened as The Things They Carried.If this were made into a motion picture, I feel it would be superior to the most similar Platoon.  His style is beautiful and effective and in the end it delivers a satisfying read.  I can honestly say that of all the books I have ever read, this is the only book of all of those that I hated to see end.
I couldn't love this more. Sisters live with an uncle in a decrepit mansion. The action opens a few years after the elder sister is exonerated of poisoning the rest of the family. It's atmospheric and suspenseful, and the writing is beautiful. As soon as I finished, I bought a second copy to give to a teenaged friend who loves to write.
First of all, if you are a novice in the Spanish language, I would just say that there are no grammar explanations or vocabulary guides given here so it might be a little difficult for you if you're starting from scratch.On the other hand, it has plenty of sample dialogues and practical conversations, which is really very useful for survival situations, especially for those who are spending a lot of time in Spanish-speaking regions or countries.So for those who have a little bit of knowledge about the Spanish language, you will find it easy to follow. The material is presented with clarity and simplicity but it is jam packed with all the guide materials that you need to be able to mingle smoothly with people from Spanish-speaking countries.You can really improve your conversational skills because it focuses on dialogue and conversations rather then strictly vocabulary. It starts with some lessons about expressions that we use frequently like greetings or when we order food from a restaurant.Then it moves on to demonstrate what you should say in different situations. It guides you to the right way of speaking through real-life practical situations given in the book. There are different themes introduced so you can put your Spanish language into the right context.Although I think the author can still give more depth to the practice exercises given, this book is perfect for those who really want to speed up their practical learning of the Spanish language.For those who are as passionate as I am about learning Spanish I have listed My Top 10 Tools For Learning Spanish:1.Practice Makes Perfect Spanish Verb Tenses, Second Edition (Practice Makes Perfect Series)Best book on the topic of verb tenses.2.Practice Makes Perfect: Spanish Pronouns And PrepositionsNo other book covers the topic of Spanish pronouns and prepositions as thoroughly as this author.3.Verbarrator Version 1.1 (Windows Version)Best software for learning how to conjugate over 500 Spanish verbs and also helps improve pronunciation.4.A New Reference Grammar of Modern SpanishMost comprehensive and complete Spanish grammar book I have found.5.Learn Conversational Spanish NowGreat for listening to during long commutes or on your Ipod for improving your listening skillis and actually understanding conversational Spanish when you hear it spoken.6.Madrigal's Magic Key to Spanish: A Creative and Proven ApproachThis is one of the classics for learning Spanish and increasing vocabulary by using words you already know in English.7.Easy Spanish Phrase Book: Over 770 Basic Phrases for Everyday Use (Dover Easy Phrase) (Spanish and English Edition)Excellent phrase book at a great price. Also check out8.Casi CasiOnly for advanced students who think they are up to the challenge of watching a hilarious Puerto Rican comedy completely in Spanish9.Fluenz Version F2: Spanish 1+2+3+4+5 with supplemental Audio CDs and PodcastsComprehensive course with an excellent and knowledgeable instructor.10.First Spanish Reader: A Beginner's Dual-Language Book (Beginners' Guides) (English and Spanish Edition)Best book that I have found for learning Spanish through reading.
A good book on accepting change or making  u understand change a should read in the archives so please red just because
I must admit that this book was never without something going on.  I found myself bunching up my eyebrows, trying to understand the plot and the mini &quot;mystery&quot; that Crichton created.  The year 2000 was a little late  for me to just be reading this book.  &quot;Disclosure&quot; was originally  copyrighted in 1993 and actually took time out to explain what e-mail and  the internet was, which was rather, uh, different.  I'm sure it would have  been more beneficial to the average Jimmy living in 1993 though.  The  sexual harrassment theme that this book centered around was a break from  the norm.  I don't know if something this extreme would occur in reality,  but the ways Crichton described the acts of a sexual harrasser were valid  and accurate.  A great read and quick pager-turner that I would recommend  to males and females.
"Love in the Time of Cholera", an arresting tale of unrequited love, dramatically chronicles a 50-year love triangle set in Columbia, spanning from roughly 1880 to 1930. Gabriel Garcia Marquez's novel, with an intensity that rivals the classics, explores the concept that suffering for love is akin to a genre of nobility. Based on the perception that love-sickness is a literal infirmity, the author effectively uses cholera throughout the novel as a metaphor for love - love as a malady comparable to a devastating ailment.The condemned vertices of the love triangle include the obsessive lyricist, Florentino Ariza, who falls desperately and dangerously in love with the beautiful headstrong Fermina Daza. After meeting only briefly, the two commence an intense 3-year romance-by-letter. As years pass and Daza matures, she ultimately casts off any feelings towards the romantically love-sick Ariza, and instead, offers her hand in matrimony to the practical and respectable Doctor Juvenal Urbino - a specialist in overcoming the wide sweep of choleraic outbreaks.Heartbroken and rejected by the only woman he will ever truly love, Florentino Ariza does everything in his power to try to forget Daza, to no avail. And so, for over 50 years, he is left to be tormented by his passion for the woman he cannot forget, attempting to move on and yet hoping all the while she will return to him, even in the winter years of his life.The touching bitter-sweet conclusion to the severity of "Love in the Time of Cholera" will be sure to satisfy.
I purchased this book because I found myself needing to do some digital signal processing and the FFT gives me anxiety. This book was an excellent and clear introduction to the basics and helped me to develop a much better understanding of the analysis. It's written in a clear style and assumes only very basic knowledge, in fact, I think you could understand much of it without even knowing calculus. I found the author's geometric exposition of aliasing to be particularly helpful.I give the book 5 stars, but the potential reader should be aware that the book is serves as an introduction only. In the course of my analysis I discovered that some other "tricks" were necessary that could only be found in a more advanced DSP book. So, it might be helpful to have a more comprehensive reference at your side when it comes time to actually process your signals.
Nothing was atoned in this book.Briony has become a better novelist by sacrificing two people for her own enjoyment. In fact, without the incident, she would not have become an acclaimed writer respected by everyone and her family members,who will never read that book she wrote and make sure to destroy it to save the family reputation.This book is a novelist's novel, showing the power of fiction and its creator.
The basic theme throughout is simply that stock returns (in all developed nations, though at differing slopes, pp. 88-90) regress to a mean, as bonds, and all other investment alternatives, do not.  That&#8217;s one point.  By taking the long historical view (from the dawn of the American republic), Siegel also demonstrates (Chapter 6, pp. 93-103) that in this country over periods of five years and longer, real stock returns (after inflation) stray from our mean return (6.5%) less and less, until at thirty years the observed deviations are half what standard statistics expect.  So stocks are both much more volatile short-term&#8212;cf. Mandelbrot and Hudson, The (mis)Behavior of Markets&#8212;and much less volatile long-term, than Modern Portfolio Theory says they should be.  That&#8217;s point #2.  And, his third crucial point, value strategies (Chapter 12, pp. 173-193, on low-P/E, high-dividend stocks) consistently surpass the market indices by 2% or more in annual compounded returns.  I know of no other book which has made any one of these three points so clearly and demonstrated them so forcefully with historical data and mathematical analysis.  Ben Graham, to be sure, made the case for value investing decades ago, and does a better job of understanding and presenting the process than anyone else before or since, but of course he couldn&#8217;t come close to the range and depth of modern databases and computing power to undergird his argument.  Siegel has written the one book since Graham&#8217;s Intelligent Investor that everyone should read and re-read before presuming to buy any security other than an index fund.So, for instance, I needed to know that stocks have never failed to offer a positive real return over any period of seventeen years or more.  Long-term bonds, in contrast, since the Civil War have outperformed stocks in just one 30-year period (by a minuscule .05% per year!), as interest rates fell from 16% in late 1981 to 2% in 2011&#8212;but the real return on these &#8220;safe&#8221; investments was negative for the entire post-war period before that, and likely will be for years to come.  And Siegel repeatedly makes the point that especially when we think about retirement the only safety that matters is the assurance of rising purchasing-power over spans of decades.The book is not without its limitations.  I don&#8217;t think Siegel understands options or other derivatives; his faulty discussion of stock index options in the 4th edition has been abbreviated, but his remaining remarks are misleading at best.  Consequently the major new sections in this edition, which deal with the recent financial crisis, while fairly sound (e.g. showing how slight a role Fannie and Freddy played), understate the impact of synthetic credit default swaps, which by the time the fever broke had made the subprime mortgage market five times larger than the mess the bankers and mortgage brokers had created in the first place.  Hence next to no one had any idea how immense the problem really was, though a few (see M. Lewis, The Big Short) saw enough to profit hugely.Other material in Siegel&#8217;s 378 pages adequately and sensibly covers major areas of historical interest (the primary stock indices, money, monetary policy and the gold standard), analyzes other financial and economic crises, surveys current issues (the business cycle, market responses to current events) and concerns (the developed world&#8217;s retirement &#8220;crisis&#8221;, on which he is quite optimistic), and I could cavil here and there or suggest other specialized treatments.  But what he has to say on these topics is sufficient (and his history of the S&P; 500 is excellent) for firmly embedding the three points with which I began, which are points every investor should ponder long and hard.But how many of us will profit from them?  On p. 97 he mentions the allure of &#8220;safer&#8221; alternatives which do after all outperform stocks, over periods of one or two years, nearly 40% of the time.  I don&#8217;t know that he sees how deep the pain goes for individuals watching dollars vaporize by the thousands, dollars which a bank account would at least have preserved and guaranteed.  Nor, I think, does he see how hard it would be for asset managers to follow his principles when markets soar and &#8220;irrational exuberance&#34; reigns triumphant; sticking to a long-term strategy is impossible when benchmark risk means your assets are marching out the door.  Siegel&#8217;s work will most benefit those who know not just the concepts but themselves.  It hurts to play from behind, alone, trusting the odds, trying to trust yourself.  Long-term investment is a discipline less of intellect than of temperament and character.  But the discipline of study and thought is still part of it, and Siegel&#8217;s history and mathematics keep me mindful of what the true odds are.  In this and earlier editions, Stocks for the Long Run is one of just six books (cf. my review of M. Mauboussin More Than You Know) which have decisively shaped how I think about what I do.
First off, if the US implemented an energy plan EXACTLY as described in this book, I think we'd be 1000% (yes, a thousand percent) better off than we are today in 10-20 years. If we'd implemented something like this 10 years ago, I hate to think how many fewer problems we'd have regarding oil consumption and the need to import foreign oil, "defending" the oil supply in the Middle East, etc.NOTE -- I'd add global warming to the list, but after reading the book "The Chilling Stars" (recommended reading) I'm willing to take it out of the equation for now, though CO2 does far more harm than just warm the planet.My only issue with the book is that it doesn't go far enough, suggests specific incentives to the big 3 auto companies that strike me as a bailout (rather than providing incentives for ANY company building cars of the future), and misses entirely in some areas (there's no suggestion of helping fund development of biodiesel from algae, as one example).
This book picks up and overlaps a little with Robert Oberg's &quot;Introduction to C# using .NET&quot; which I believe is mandatory reading for C# programmers.There is more detail and lots more information on the .NET framework itself. It's a thorough grounding in the general framework stuff.It is not, however, an exhaustive look at everything that you can do with .NET. A lot of subjects are given very cursory looks and you will need to add extra books to your collection for in-depth coverage of more of the details.Reading this book and its predecessor will definitely get you a solid grounding with .NET, but you must do it with a computer in front of you working through the examples and case studies.
First off, let me qualify my review.  I have had a good bit of success in trading over the years.  I have also made a few stupid mistakes.  So I feel I can give a good review of this book from my trading perspective.I have had the greatest success in trading when I simplify it.  I do not have the desire or resources to spend millions of dollars building and programming a system that trades thousands of times a day to scalp very small inconsistencies in price.  I also do not want to spend 12 hours a day sitting in front of my computer researching the markets.  That is why I like to swing trade.  A handful of trades a month, many of them quite profitable, with a few small losses, fits my personality best.  That may not fit your personality.Curtis Faith lays out a basic trading plan that in my opinion works very well.  He does not give you exactly everything you need to set it up yourself, but if you do some legwork and set your parameters, then tweak them, you should be left with a solid trading plan.  I say this because I have found there are no absolutes in trading.  The perfect set up does not work 100% of the time.  Its all about probability.  That is why I look for the higher probability trades and place the trade with strict money management techniques.Curtis lays out 4 basic steps.1 - Trade with an edge.2 - Manage risk.3 - Be consistent.4 - Keep it simple.In my opinion that is all you need.  Your edge does not need to be complicated, just using support and resistance can make you a ridiculous amount of money.  You must manage risk.  Trading is about probabilities, you must always protect your capital.  You never know which trade will be a winner so you have to assume they will all lose money and protect yourself.  Be consistent.  Since trading is about probabilities and since you never know which trade will make money, you must execute a trade every single time your edge presents itself.  Keep it simple.  That is the hardest one of all.  Everybody thinks trading is hard.  Everybody has a tendency to improve their trading system.  But you need to stick with your plan if it is making money.  Do not mess with it.  I have tried to improve upon a few of my edges and I improved them so much they stopped making money.  Stick with it if it works.  Simple is good.I do not like to analyze huge amounts of data.  I have tried it in the past and found it does not improve my P&L; (Profit and Loss)  I like the decisions to take the trade to be simple.  I also believe that the mind is very complicated and picks up on certain things that we are not consciously aware of.  I believe that relates to trading also.  An example, have you ever met someone and gotten a feeling that you do not like them, but had no reason for it?  Then later on you found out other things and realized you were 100% right not to like or trust that person?  I have done that many times.  Why?  Does your subconscious mind pick up subtle clues?  Maybe.  But I have found it works with trading also.  In my opinion you pick up tens of thousands of pieces of information but your conscious mind can only handle a few at a time.  So the hard work is done by the subconscious mind behind the scenes.  Then it passes that info to you with feelings, or thoughts that you should take action, but those thoughts are not backed up with reasons, so your left brain mistrusts them.  Sometimes you just need to have faith.  And a great risk management system.Since I understand probabilities (or think I do) I understand that not every trade is going to make money.  I am okay with trades that do not make money because my risk management system keeps the losses small.  I also realize that the next trade may be a better trade.  I like it simple.  It works for me.  I also know that there are many ways to trade successfully, some vastly more complicated than my simple system, and those other systems make money too.  That is the great thing about trading, there are so many ways to make money.  And there are only a few ways to lose money.  The main reason for losing money is not having a tested system and then not following that system.  But that is just my opinion and I could be wrong.Chris
Schwatz's Principles of Surgery is an excellent text. It is well organized and easy to read. It covers ambulatory as well as emergency surgical procedures. I enjoyed reading it. By Gregg L. Friedman MD, Psychiatrist, Hallandale Beach, FL
This is not the book to read if you're looking for a how-to guide to Wicca. This is, however, one of the first books I would recommend to someone who is interested in Wicca. It reads like a textbook at points, and it is dated (being published in 1979), but it is a wonderful view of the early history of Wicca in America.
so well written.  just as relevant today as it was then. the sacrifices one makes of ones soul for the sake of ones family.
I first learned about the "Empress of Ireland" disaster through Clive Cussler's book "Night Probe!"  I eventually found out more about the vessel and her untimely end.The history is well-documented here by McMurray.  Outbound in the St. Lawrence River, the Empress is badly holed by a fully-loaded collier and sinks within 15 minutes, killing more than a thousand.This disaster was generally overshadowed by the outbreak of World War I and the ship was largely forgotten.  But once she was found, she became a magnet for the curious and those with ulterior motives.Much like what happened to the Titanic, the Empress has been stripped of much of her gear, her inner treasures, and sadly some of her bodies.  A section of the "boneyard" has reportedly been plundered by some rather morbid and sick-minded individuals.McMurray goes into great detail on the many expeditions and dives, the work by some to protect the wreck and what has been found, as well as those who've lost their lives diving on her.While the Empress may be in the St. Lawrence, it's a dive for only the best, as this book carefully explains.This is probably the most comprehensive history of the Empress of Ireland and updates all that has happened since she went down in May 1914.  It is at times dense and a slow read, but you can't take away its entertaining, yet sobering qualities.
It's hard to describe this book.For the book itself, it starts out in a prologue of sorts, describing the state of Clare and of Henry. Henry is a time traveler. When the first chapter starts out, Clare and Henry are both in a library. When Clare sees Henry, she is elated and completely happy. She says she has known him almost all her life, and that they love eachother. What's amazing is that Henry doesn't actually know her yet, and throughout the book he continues to experience what she had experienced with him in her past.The book is a collection of different times and places, a story of love (and loss), of grief, pain, happiness, elation, joy, desolation, hopelessness, and hope. It seems like it would be hard to tell a story when things are out of order, but each seemingly obscure happening, each turn of the head, each expression, means something real, and brings you closer to the end, and to a more complete story and more defined characters. You'd think it would be strange and unreal, the fact that there are so many weird things, time traveling being the first, but it's not. The story feels so real that I cried for almost 50 pages straight (which seems a bit much, but if you read it you'll know).So I would definitely recommend this book to anyone who is strong enough to handle it. Okay, I'm being a bit extreme, but the whole book is the strongest journey I've ever taken in a book. It's poignant and moving, and limitless. It's cool that many different people would like this book. It really makes you think about time, and all its implications. It's makes you value time, certainly, and your loved ones.This book was wonderfully written.
I purchased this book because it seemed to contain information similar to another yoga manual,Anatomy of Hatha Yoga, but with the information presented in a more down-to-earth, less scientific manner (The Anatomy of Hatha Yoga is excellent, just a bit above my head!). This book is neither strictly a reference tool nor a specific practice guide, yet author Kraftsow touches on both of these areas. He presents information mainly in the form of vignettes describing past clients with whom he has worked. After providing an overview of the anatomical issues involved in various types of posture groups, Kraftsow goes into therapeutic applications of yoga, covering complaints ranging from common aches and pains to physical diseases to emotional issues. He stresses the importance of customizing the prescribed yoga routine to each individual, but the wealth of information provided offers plenty of guidelines to allow readers to develop their own specialized practices. This book would also be very useful for yoga teachers looking for assistance in providing their students with individualized guidance, particularly with respect to wellness issues. Highly recommended work to anyone looking to enhance health and wellness through yoga.
I liked that the writers point of view was from the childs thoughts.  Learned alot about autisim, and what they are going through.Would recommend it.
&#8220;Be bold and win the sale&#8221; by Jeff Shore, could just as easily been called &#8220;Be bold and Win!&#8221;  Jeff introduces a thought process about boldness in sales and in life that directly addresses the one trait that inhibits success &#8211; &#8220;our addiction to comfort.&#8221;  Rather than face our discomfort and boldly take action, it is human nature to retreat to a place of comfort, only to regret or justify our decision of inaction later.Besides finding this book educational and insightful, I found it to be quite inspiring.  As I was reading it, making my notes and going through the tasks at the end of the chapters, I found myself addressing the activities that I was putting off in my own state of comfort addiction.  And, making great progress along the way.Many sales books focus on the processes of sales and do very little to address the behavioral components of selling that inhibit or block our successes.  &#8220;Be bold and win the sale&#8221; focuses on the most critical behavioral issues that stop most selling professionals &#8211; discomfort.  The author successfully maps out the process that is normally followed as a result of our addiction to comfort and provides clear, concise actions that can be boldly chosen to change our behaviors and improve outcomes.This is a refreshing book.  Rather than tout some master plan or revolutionary concept as a &#8220;book with fake cures and quick fixes&#8221;, Jeff focuses on a real life challenge from an honest, educational, and application oriented perspective.  This is as much a book for self-improvement, leadership, parenting and life as it is for selling.  This is the bonus value associated with &#8220;Be Bold&#8230;&#8221;As a resource and coaching tool for today&#8217;s sales warriors &#8211; it is a can&#8217;t miss guide for any selling professional.
Great book set and my son and I have enjoyed reading them.  Gives us a sense of how much easier our lives are today.
Anyone who reads John Grisham's books will love this one.  It is a joy all the way through.  I wish he could write more than one a year.
An excellent work about the "Dark Ages" of Britain.  It focuses on the the lives of the ordinary people.  As such there are only passing references to political events.  This makes particular sense in this time frame because the written sources are extremely scarce.  The author talks about this and the particular biases from the written record.  I have been reading history, particularly English history for decades.  I had heard of much of the new archeological work (where most new info in this area is coming from) but this book puts it all together.This book is part of "The Penguin History of Britain".  It is aimed at general readers (There are no footnotes).  However if all you know about the 'Dark Ages'  (in quotes because that term is no longer used by academics/professionals) is Arthur and Camelot you might want to start with a political history.  The author does not mention Arthur at all, it is just not relevant to the history she discusses.  (Also she thinks it's a complete myth.)  If that's what you're interested in, try somewhere else.  Two books I have read areIn Search of the Dark Ages, a nice introductory book based on a TV series with lots of pictures, andAn Introduction to Anglo-Saxon Englandthe 20th century standard text-book.  There are others that are newer.The big news in this book is that the traditional (Arthurian) story of invasion by Angles, Saxons, Jutes, et al. is as much a myth as many other origin stories.  The archeology of the time shows peaceful, small groups with very little social hierarchy.  The stories of the battles seem to have been invented a century or so later when hierarchies started to develop and the rulers wanted to prove that they had always ruled.  The inhabitants knew that two or three hundred years ago the residents were British/Celtic/Roman and now they were Germanic.  The time of developing hierarchies was violent, so the winners projected that back to the beginning.  There's a lot more detail involved.Actually, until the Vikings arrived (not a myth) there's a lot less violence than I expected.  What did happen was a quick change from a Roman colony to a barbarian-looking region with small groups of farmers with little social differentiation.  After that, it's an increase in differentiation, Christianity and writing (used to help the differentiation), the Vikings (terrible but not a long time), then quick restoration and becoming one kingdom of England, ready for William to conquer.  And, as we all know, in the long run that was a Good Thing.
This is the book to read after studying the general investing books that cover all asset classes.it's comprehensive in that it includes discussion of indexes, markets, risk, historical returns, equity investment vehicles, etc.Also includes newer topics such as Behavioral Psychology.At 400 pages it's at the right level of detail for do-it-yourself investor who doesn't want to get bogged in analysis of efficient frontiers or CAPM.Unfortunately it was published just before our current crisis so we will have to wait until the next edition to get the author's thoughts on conditions we are experiencing now.
There are a few writers who can place you in an environment and after a few chapters, you soak into it and you smell it, and feel the heat, and the smell the sweat and dust.  Nostromo is one such environment and Conrad one such writer.  You believe the country is real, the politics matter, and the silver of the mine infatuates you and then you begin to worry over its fate.  Nostromo himself is well drawn, a pathetic exercise in vanity and pride, thinking himself a big fish in a small pond, when the opposite is true.  And the character to whom you are inevitably drawn is Martin Decoud, the independent observer, if you will, that makes it all real and true.  The only man who sees the situation for what it is, and who is unable to move events in a more favorable direction, yet holds faith with the cause of the silver mine, and all for a Victorian era unattainable object love affair of purely platonic dimensions.  Mrs. Gould is tragic in her own right, caught in Victorian era expectations of a woman's duty.  Imperialism, in the American style, is on display, with the British class element relegated to a secondary role, as befits the setting.  If there is any misstep, I consider it the eventual fate of Nostromo.  It's a bit pedestrian, overwrought, and yet, non entirely unconvincing.  It's a tale that will leave you a bit dazed, and it doesn't leave your mind, ever.  There's always a corner of it dedicated to the small south American country of Sulaco, and you will come back to it again and again through the years.
S&amp;M domintarixes, slaves, bible-thumpers, corporate cutbacks, masochistic stalkers, dead bodies and a bewildered turtle make it hard for Robin Hudson to maintain a &quot;Positive Mental Attitude,&quot; during ANN's downsizing. A must for anyone whose company is downsizing. How Robin endures all these things which cleverly come together at the end, to find her own kind of positive attitude is a trick, and a treat.
One of the best books on creating ad copy ever written.It's a treasure.  Years of experience are distilled in this book.A real gem.  Anyone in adverising or PR should have this book on his/her bookshelf.  It's a BA in ad copy writing.Virgil JoseAuthor: "The Examined Life"A murder mysteryThe Examined Life
A mentor in philosophy once mentioned the phrase, "Nietzschean intensity", so I had to check this guy out.  The Portable Nietzsche has influenced me profoundly, and developed in me the resolve to attack my own convictions as Nietzsche remarks in one of his many startling aphorisms.I also recommend all of Kaufmann's translations (the best in my opinion) and books about Nietzsche, such as Nietzsche: Philosopher, Psychologist, Anti-Christ.
What every soul dreams of. Child or adult. That life if we keep trudging on , we will find our way. Loved the simple yet profound message. Already recommended!!
Better than described. I can't wait to start reading it. I have to wait until Christmas - it will be waiting for me under the tree.
This books discusses the idea of "home" and comfort, and the functions of a home, starting from medieval times.  I expected a more sociological approach, but it's actually focused on architectural/interior design. The earlier parts are fascinating, when it talks about how people lived and thought about their space.  The later chapters get into the era-by-era history of the relationship between interior design and house function (gas vs. electricity, art noveau, art deco, modern, etc.). The final point seems to be that function and comfort needs to come before appearance when designing an interior.I think this book could be helpful to people who fall in love with a style, who read design magazines and want the peices they see, those who need to buy all new furniture if they move... myself, probably I'm just not fashion-aware, but it wouldn't occur to me to buy an uncomfortable chair, no matter if it was beautiful. I've had a chance to design my own home (a straw-bale house that came out beautful and comfortable, even with our old furniture), and I can't think of anything that I would have done differently had I read this book.
I have a love-hate relationship with self-help books. I tend to fall for the hype on the book jacket, buy the book, then realize after skimming it that it doesn't provide any new insights. Despite my past experience, I grudgingly bought this book at the recommendation of colleagues and Amazon reviews. And I'm very glad I did -- this book has redeemed the self-help genre.Even if you are skilled at communications and negotiations, you will gain something from this book. It will explain why what you're already doing is working (if you're going from your gut) and what else you can be doing to get even better results. And if you are at the other end of the spectrum -- in dire need of help -- the approach is accessible enough to help you, too. Similarly, whether you are subject to emotional flare-ups or not, you will learn ways to disengage from our natural flight-or-fight instincts that tend to shut down communications (and help others to do the same).The tools are versatile enough that you can use them for situations ranging from a difficult talk with your spouse to a professional meeting with a room full of angry (or silent) coworkers. The case studies and exercises help you put theory into practice. I'm a professional communicator, but still learned a lot from this book and plan to reread it.
I first read this book as a teenager, and then again about ten years later. There was a lot to recommend this book at bother periods in my life, although I saw different things in it. As a teenager, I was mostly focused on the Bildungsroman aspects of the novel. The anxious, self-conscious, wants-so-bad-to-be-cool protagonist who is embarrassed by his father and just wants to get high and have sex, and maybe figure out what adulthood even is sometime. It was good enough to warrant me reading it again, and this time I was blown away by the social commentary that I missed the first time around. Karim is an Englishman, almost, as he declares in the opening line, but it would be just as useful to say he is nothing at all, or everything. He is bi-racial and bi-sexual, two things more shocking in the 1970s than they are today, a fact that places him at the fringe of society, allowing him to look in both directions and critique the entire social order.Karim's father has led a fairly boring life and is now enjoying a moment of fame as a sort of guru for over-privelged white people, even though he doesn't actually believe the "Eastern wisdom" he's espousing at their house parties. What his pretensions allow him is a key into the kind of world he cannot, as an immigrant, go, but he must degrade himself in order to do so, become a caricature. Karim's lover, Eleanor, is practically slumming it with Karim, by wanting to be anything other than the upper class girl she is, and his first real crush, his father's mistress's famous son, might be a bit more pathetic than he initially appears, not to mention his best friend, a radical feminist forced to choose between her ideals and her father's love.  It's a novel about race and how things don't have to be violent to be not-right, about growing up and the growing specter of Thatcherism, but it's also a novel about identity, and the lengths we go through to achieve the one we want.This book isn't perfect. It can be a bit uneven and may have more going side concerns than it can handle, but it is a solid, interesting read that will make you laugh even as it makes you think, and if that doesn't make it worth the buy, I don't know what will.
`The Human Stain' is another great book by one of the best North American writers ever. Philip Roth has assuredly written some of the most critic and acid novels on America issue --and the Western world as consequence. In this novel he deals with the wave of political correctness that covers this side of the world from the 90's on.From the early 90's everything you say or do has more than its simple meaning. There is always a hidden agenda, even if you don't mean that --or even if you haven't considered that. People started using terms such as `afro-Americans', but they didn't care about the afro-American rights, as long as they use the `right' term. Surrounded by this hysterical blindness the protagonist of this novel, a professor named Coleman Silk, is forced to look back to his past and assume things he supposed to be long forgotten.His downfall spiral began when he referred to a couple of absent students using the term `spooks' that in his context meant ghosts, but, as he finds out later, it is also a pejorative term to Afro-Americans. He's forced to retire and his wife dies in consequence of all this trouble.Silkman reaches Nathan Zuckerman asking to writer the professor's memoirs. The writer doesn't accept, but the professor ends up doing it himself. In this process of rediscovery we learn a lot of his past and how much he had to reinvent himself in order to survive. We also find out about his love affair with a young and problematic janitor, whose ex-husband brings them a lot of problems.In this novel all about finding out who you were and what was made you --i.e. who you are now-- the master Roth is able to go deep into the wound of correctness and the need of lying and faking who you are so that you can be accepted. As Silkman finds out, people didn't like or admire who he was, but who they thought he was.With his analytic vein, the author shows the American dream going bad, proving that the end of the century --and this new one-- is damned with a disease of people being fake most of the time.Using his razor sharp style, Philip Roth has delivered another winner, a novel full of undertones and truth that may make people feel sick. The reading can go a bit slow, but it is not a problem, because in the end one gets more than he/she expected. Not recommended to everyone, but to those who like literary novels.
This novel (and most of Jackson's stuff,for that matter) is the perfect blend of literary, character-driven fiction and genre fiction.  Jackson writes some beautifully realistic and developed characters that they could be real people, and she puts that together with creepy, slowly-building horror.  This isn't the overt stuff of modern fiction, but elegant literature about what happens when human minds are forced to consider the hostility of the supernatural or the evil we're all capable of.  Jackson isn't shy about making a reader meet her halfway, and she doesn't shy away from asking readers to think about difficult subjects.  A very satisfying read.
How can I comment on this book. It is a true masterpiece ,this book deals with realities of the  minds of the people in war. It takes a long time to learn who is wrong and who is right,and Steinbeck discloses it so simply ,that it would shatters any  mankind beliefs.The conversation between Orden and col. Lancer,Molly and Lt.  Tonder and Dr.Winter and Orden are simply amazing.It tells you the secrets of the deep dark heart of the mankind and yet so simply.
The book portrays the point of view of a 15-year-old autistic boy, Christopher. It did it so well that I was tempted to rate the book lower just based on that because it was implied it's viewpoint was so accurate. It leaves you feeling that you might just understand what autism really is and does it so well that it implies that the specific range of emotion that Christopher has and how he deals with it is what it is all about.  My own experiences suggest that this boy's emotional range and response is just one vantage point.In some cases the incidents that take place in the search for the dog are funny.  At the same time the focus on emotion and feelings are so well done that, rather than funny, it might be said that it is chilling.It took a long time for me to be willing to recommend this book to those in my life who are closer to autism. The book, if anything, is too powerful in getting a message across that is a hard message. No one would want to think that someone they loved really had to spend their life dealing with emotion in this way. On the other hand the more you read the more you want to read. The book was one I read from beginning to end in one sitting.The author did a great job of using the story to teach us but what he taught us may have narrowed our previous points of view more than it expanded them.
President Bill Clinton offers an interesting, comprehensive overview of his life and times. The tragedies of his childhood are stark. His emergence from rural Arkansas to become a Rhodes Scholar, governor, and the second youngest man elected president of the United States is a fascinating read and an outstanding accomplishment.The book might better have been written in two volumes; yet it pales in comparison with the length of the first three volumes on LBT by Robert Caro.  I skimmed a few paragraphs, but I was quickly drawn back into the text by the interesting material. Although some parts read like excerpts of the White House diary others offer compelling insights into the development of his policies or the background to decisions that I don't remember being written about at the time.Bill Clinton demonstrates more self awareness than most people, especially current political leaders. His explanations of his decisions caused me to rethink some of my disagreements on some of his policies. He would have been a better press secretary for his administration than those who served in this capacity.I was surprised by the strength of his self criticism and his charity to most of his Republican adversaries. He seems to now have an understanding on how his unfelt anger at his abusive, alcoholic step-father, the Neo con Republican witch hunt etc. caused him to act so poorly in his private life and his characterization of Starr's persecution seems right on target. It is amazing that after the pure hatred that was/is heaped on him that he can write with such civility. He clearly is grateful to our country for the opportunities that he was given. Like a few other presidential biographies this is a book I will likely reread a decade from now. I highly recommend it not only for those who were his supporters but for those with an open mind. It's likely to drive those who hated him crazy, but so were the poles showing a 70% job approval rating for him during much of the Starr investigation.  I wonder if Ken can be prosecuted for wasting 70 million dollars and causing such harm to many people connected with Clinton?
This has to be the most consistently funny book I have ever read.  Jerome's writing style is a mix of Twain, Wodehouse and Austen.  Every page contains something funny and memorable.  He has the gift, comparable to  Dickens, of bringing his characters to life.  You know these guys, heck,  you may BE these guys!  It's wonderful! I am going to be buying extras as  gifts; this is a book that must be shared.
How to Invest Like a Shark opens up the world of unconventional stock market trading for the beginning investors because the standard approach doesn't work for them. Here James DePorre gives his philosophy backed by Ten Commandments of shark investing and explains how to do it the right way, making a lot of money while minimizing losses as much as possible. Most of the pages, the author is very reassuring and encouraging and understands the mindset of the beginning investors because he was once there before. There is a good deal of information that leans more towards to finely tuned strategy based investing than the basic explanation of stock market fundamentals. He takes a philosophic approach that by doing it radically different from the norms of Wall Street which will bring results, that is, follow the whale and look for feeding frenzies and eliminate the buy-and-hold method. I really enjoyed the book and finished it in a day because How to Invest Like a Shark is very interesting and informative, but the problem is that there is not much of substance within the pages. He'll say something important, but there is a hollow feel to it when reading the words. However, what he is saying makes good sense. And since I am a beginning investor, I've learned a lot of important lessons from the book and am grateful. All in all, How to Invest Like a Shark is a great book but could use a bit more.
'Out' is the first book from Kirino I've read and I am *very* impressed.  The author clearly has a talent for composing a complex story with keen on characterizations which are realistic and sensitive.  As for the story, .. yikes!  It is extremely gruesome.  Not wanting to give out spoilers, let me say it involves murder and a very meticulous way of disposing of the corpses.  In the middle of this are four women, coworkers at a night shift boxed lunch ("bento") plant.  At first it is impossible to understand how these hausfrauen could get involved with such dastardly deeds.  However as the author unveils each character in detail, warts and all, we see that it is all surprisingly plausible.  Oh, there are also so male characters central to the story.  Most of the men are portrayed as socially inept, slimy, or just plain psychotic.  No, not very balanced.  Yet this is only a very slight demerit in an otherwise flawlessly executed piece of literature.Bottom line: wow, what a surprise!  Strongly recommended, but not for the squeamish.
this is another book i bought after reading a review.  who knew that something so simple could be so delightful to our kids ages 6 1/2 and almost 5.  the older one reads it to the younger one.  they absolutely love this little boy's adventure.
It is a bit of an insight to the Chinese culture and how, at both the same time, different and alike we humans are.  I always enjoy anything by Ha Jin.
Most of the other reviewers of this book seem to have approached it as if it was a semi-serious study in the line of &quot;the quest for the historical Jesus.&quot;  Have they really read it?  It's an absurd science fiction comedy that is actually very, *very* funny!  Humankind has discovered how to go back in time...albeit only semi-accurately.  And so, the race is on!  The goal...to send back to the future a LIVE broadcast of the events surrounding the crucifiction of Christ!  It takes a while to get there, however...an outrageous romp that insults and mocks everyone and everything along the way, the sacred icons slamming one by two in the dust.  Vidal's excellent writing is surpassed only by his vivid and unbridled imagination.  (I laughed for days after the scene where Shirley MacClaine briefly appears, having channeled into the past by means of her own!)  The story is told by Timothy---you know, the guy that...uh...cavorted with the apostle Paul)---who has his own unique set of priorities.  The inevitable result?  Well, we all know how sponsors of programs want to get their money's worth, yes?  Let's just say that more than a few things manage to compromise themselves in the quest for corporate profit.  I'd love to see it, but I doubt this one will ever make it to TV....
Alice Munro may well be the best short story writer working today, but what's strange is that at first it's a little hard to see why she's so good.  She doesn't use any fancy-pants language, she doesn't worry about making her characters warm and sympathetic, and she doesn't try to reach at the typical sorts of short story epiphanies, the straining towards lyrical proclaiming and the conclusive moment of a personal vision's consolidation.What she offers instead is a conversational tone that is quirky and fractured enough to rise above the blandness of a typical conversational style.  For example, this is how she renders a crucial scene in one story where the protagonist has entered the house of a man she has a crush on.  Note the parenthesis, the incongruous academic metaphor, and the sentence fragments: "Juliet hears the door of the truck close, she hears him speaking to the dog, and dread comes over her.  She wants to hide somewhere (she says later, I could have crawled under the table, but of course she does not think of doing anything so ridiculous).  It's like the moment at school before the winner of the prize is announced.  Only worse, because she has no reasonable hope.  And because there will never be another chance so momentous in her life."Furthermore, her stories don't so much ask us to root for the characters so much as to examine them, to consider their mistakes and misperceptions.  For example, Munro's stories often break out into reflective moments like this one:  "While she was running away from him - now - Clarke still kept his place in her life.  But when she was finished running away, when she just went on, what would she put in his place?  What else - who else - could ever be so vivid a challenge?"  Personally, I was rooting for her only insofar as she really did want to leave her husband, who's rather grouchy and mean and worth ditching.  But Munro doesn't care about making her into an idealized romantic hero; she instead wants to depict something far more difficult to understand, which is why the character would stay with her husband.Also, rather than being a steady climb towards a typical epiphany, her stories derive their structure from what might be called "the coincidental epiphany."  What I mean by that term is that, over and over in her stories, there are moments of crucial importance that also happen to be utterly coincidental.  These moments come as utter surprises and derive their incredible power from the way they occupy the climaxes of a story, the places where what's supposed to be the focus is the protagonist's action and the question of whether it succeeds or fails.  Munro's "coincidental epiphanies" instead recontextualize the concerns that led to the protagonist's actions in the first place.By way of illustration, I'll do a long quotation.  The "trick" this passage refers to had accidentally ruined a love affair the protagonist was in; she is just now realizing that what seemed to be have been fate was really just the result of this random, accidental "trick":"It was all spoiled in one day, in a couple of minutes, not by fits and starts, struggles, hopes and losses, in the long-drawn-out way that such things are more often spoiled.  And if it's true that things are usually spoiled, isn't the quick way the easier way to bear?But you don't really take that view, not for yourself.  Robin doesn't.  Even now she can yearn for her chance.  She is not going to spare a moment's gratitude for the trick that has been played.  But she'll come round to being grateful for the discovery of it.  That, at least - the discovery which leaves everything whole, right up to the moment of frivolous intervention.  Leaves you outraged, but warmed from a distance, clear of shame."Throughout her stories, it's as if Munro is saying, "the crucial moments in life are often the coincidences, not the moments of decision and action that we think of as the real core of our lives.  Stories should thus focus on these moments in order to understand and cope with them."  In other words, Munro is a perfect guide to the farcical aspects of human life, the overlooked details and unexpected twists that change everything.
I read so many books and find many to be remakes, &quot;reimaginings,&quot; or plain out hodgepodges of previously used ideas. There's nothing wrong with that; heck, why reinvent the wheel?Well, The Time Traveler's Wife is one of those instances in which the wheel *does* get reinvented. Audrey Niffenegger has such an original plot and such a unique way of telling the story that I was absolutely shocked. (And rather confused at the beginning, but once I made some progress through the book, things made more sense.)I kind of don't want to divulge anymore since I feel that would give away vital things that contribute to the effect.  Just read the summary inside the front cover. The summary they give makes it sounds strange and kind of dorky, but read it anyway and be pleasantly surprised.
Though all of the information in this book is available from a zillion online sources, it's helpful to have everything in one place for easy reference.  Mr. Wright provides easy-to-read basics on business blogging, including helpful tips on all aspects of blog development and instructive case studies.I think the best audience for this book is a business executive who wants to start learning about blogging and how it can help his/her company.  That should include a lot of people, because blogs may well come to dominate B2B & B2C marketing, new business development and customer retention, product development, and more.  Business leaders need to be aware!
A friend of mine--who is always recomending books to me, told me to pick something up by Hanff--this was all the store had.  But really did it need anything else?This is a wonderful ode to books and friendship.  What more could I ask for?This is a series of letters between Helene Hanff and a bookseller in london, Frank Doelle (sp?).  Their letters span many years and there are the occasional other letters from some of his coworkers.  Hanff as a customer is very specific in her needs, she does not want books that have been trimmed by editors or poorly translated.Beyond her wonderful reactions to the books she is reading and recieving we get an interesting perspective on what has happened in England since WW2, its something that I was taught about in my history classes (here states side)  But something that I think should be.  I didn't know they were on rations for meat and eggs.  And here in this book we have a group of real people who had to deal with this--and Hanff in her generosity find great joy in helping out her beloved booksellers by sending them tins of meat and dried eggs (didn't know those existed!)Its a great book, and there is alot in it for its small size.  definately for a book lover.
Buy this book in hardcopy. It is excellent! Read the other reviews.However, the Kindle edition is full or errors. Every word ending in "&iacute;a", with an accent on the "i" is missing the "a" that should follow. All opening exclamation marks, i.e. the "upside down" exclamation marks (&iexcl;) in Spanish are lower case letter "i" in the Kindle edition.
At Home in Mitford is a well written book whose characters are very personable.  A gentle book about a gentle time where people still have that awareness of each other.  A small town feeling of neighborly conflicts and striving. as seen through the pastors eyes.
This book defys description.  Is it a love story? Yes.  A mystery? Yes.  A thriller?  Yes.  Fiction?  I don't know....and that's what makes it so compelling.  This is a book for a reading group because it will elicit so many more questions than there are answers and after you've completed it, believe me, you're going to want to talk about it with someone else who's read it.The construct was terrific and as a result I book 2 more of O'Brien's books immediately.  While both were good, neither matched the plot, suspense, and tempo of In the Lake of the Woods.  I would recommend this book to anyone, but I especially think Vietnam Vets could really relate.Now, I'm off to try Tomcat in Love.  Since O'Brien can write the serious scary stuff that only nightmares are made of, I want to see what he can do with humor and love.What a find.  I'm so glad I found this book listed in Bas Bleu because I hadn't seen it hyped anywhere else.
This is definitely an interesting book. It views the 'luck' from a scientific perspective. By having 4 simple principles, everyone can increase the chance of luck. In fact, Dr. Wiseman demonstrates the people with luck having a common set of personalities that lead them to have more opportunities than others. Luck is not from your psychic power, it's more the consequence of how you behave and how you view your daily life.This book is similar to the "Millionaire Mind" by Dr. Thomas Stanley, which depicts the characteristic of being a millionaire. To be a better luck person, it's simple, just be more positive and using Dr. Wiseman's four principles.
Eat your hearts out Irving Fisher, John Kenneth Galbraith, Charles Kindelberger, Milton Friedman, Richard Koo and Ben Bernanke. An amateur has written the definitive narrative of the Great Depression.I have no idea if the author is right about everything he says here. I looked in vain for Smoot-Hawley and could not find any mention of the destruction of foreign demand for American goods that Stockman for example refers to in his recent book. But I don't care. If this book was fiction it would still be a strong candidate for the best book I've ever read. The fact that it takes you through the history of the Great Depression through the lives of arguably four of its biggest protagonists (the heads of the four most important central banks) is a nice bonus.I went through this doorstop of a tome in less than three days. As an added bonus I found out what happened in the Great Depression in the view of an author who may not be a celebrated economist but is clearly totally engrossed by his subject. I was so excited about it, I sat down my poor dad to tell him the story. That bit did not go so well, he stopped me an hour into my trance.But I digress. This book is AWESOME.Makes you want to ask for a sixth star.
Very nicely illlastrated, complete version of the Dickens classic. Greatful to add it to my libary for years of enjoyment
This Kindle ebook is all about managing our lives so as best to capitalize on three precious gifts - time, energy and choice. In an interesting and inspirational manner it helps us to examine everything that we are doing (or not doing) and to isolate those areas which are making our lives less than fruitful.While it comes with excellent recommendations from all kinds of CEOs, academics and motivators, it is what this ebook has to say to the ordinary person like myself that is the real key to its value. If we are unhappy with how we are navigating our way through life, this ebook sets out to show us how to organize ourselves better. Even those who are wholly satisfied with how they're handling things, and are just reading it out of curiosity, are bound to find a useful tip here and there to try out.No matter who we are or how wealthy, we only have a finite amount of time in which to do the things we would like to, and to fit them into our schedule amongst the things we must do. This Kindle ebook provides us with the tools to increase our productivity in the most efficient way, while still being able to enjoy our lives. Among the many ebooks on personal organization, it stands out for me because of its practical and inspirational advice.
Apart from this book you can try the books by Egenes (Introduction to Sanskrit, Part 1andIntroduction to Sanskrit, Part 2), they are much more "gentler". You could also first study "A Practical Sanskrit Introductory" by Charles Wikner, you can find it on line. Wikners' text guides you through the Devanagari writing system and the complex sandhi rules (and also prepares you for the Monier Williams dictionary). Coulsons' book is like a reversed "cold turkey" when it comes to Devanagari and sandhi, the first two chapters will discourage you unless you are really motivated.The text contains quite a few typos in the devanagari parts, notably in the keys to the exercises. Let's take this positively: it keeps one sharp.
I read this book with a sense of awe. It is amazing how the Bayeux Tapestry reveals so much, yet is still a great mystery. I enjoyed reading the connections between the tapestry and Napolean and Hitler.Next stop, Normandy.
This book is amazing. The interesting mysterys. The loss of losing somebody. The making of new friendships. People ages 8-15. It made me go into a different world. READ THIS BOOK.
I'm a total Murakami fan, so when I saw this new book--with a playful title from another fave author of mine, Raymond Carver--I couldn't wait to indulge myself with a good read.  I was not disappointed.  I'm a runner and a reader and a curious watcher of other runners--Murakami lets me indulge all three passtimes, with an overall free-flowing movement that covers the many self-assumptions and insights runners are privvy to in their practice.
Dr. Keegan is a billiant storyteller with a particular ability to give us the soldier's view of important events.  In this ground-breaking work, he gives us the view with thoughts on the national cultural background of the armies at Normandy.  How the national identify/culture affects the way those nations fight wars is an intriguing topic and an entertaining one when Dr. Keegan applies that thought to a particular series of events in the greatest battle of the greatest war in the 20th century.  It is an enjoyable read and a must have for anyone interested in the military history of the second world war.
This is a very long read, which I personally found pleasant.  Manning's writing, particularly her descriptive writing, is superb and after so many descriptions of the characters in different moods, situations and places one comes to feel one knows them extremely well.  The effect of the writing style is, oddly, something like that of a Monet painting - it's just pleasant thumbing through the pages and smiling at the foibles, quarrels and antics one has come to know so well.But, wait a minute, there's a war on here!  Should one be finding such a work "pleasant" given its historical context?  This question is the one I've been asking myself since about the middle of the trilogy, and I don't have a pat answer.  In Romania, Harriet (Olivia Manning's stand-in) turns up her nose at beggars, develops semi-maternal relationships with two young men and remains as oblivious as she can to the country's dissolution, even when she meets a friend under a newly-raised swastika.  Both she and her husband Guy, equally oblivious due to left-wing political idealism, barely make it out before the Jerries march in.  The scenario is repeated in Greece.  Like another reviewer here, I simply didn't feel the emotional impact of any of the events due to the gauze of descriptive writing of the exquisite landscapes and, more often, Harriet and Guy's numerous social quandaries.  One gets the feeling one is reading Jane Austen plucked out of Regency England and plopped down in the middle of the greatest armed conflict the world has yet to see.  It doesn't sit well.The writing, while generally very good, and as I say, pleasant, has its shortcomings.  It's filled with out-of-date English slang and, for some reason, a great deal of French.  If you don't know, say, what "tickety-boo," "pongo," "tapis vert" and "eclaircissement" mean, as examples, you'll be at something of a loss here.  Also, the descriptive passages can be a bit hit and miss.  Here is one description of Greece:"They were alone on the shore.  The air was moist but there was no wind, and the cold, instead of blowing into their faces, seeped down from the yellowish holds of cloud above their heads."Splendid. But here is another, of Athens, just a few pages before the above quote:"...the city became limp in anti-climax"Er, not so splendid.  The city as phallus just doesn't work for me, and I suspect it doesn't for other readers as well.Also, of course, there are the marital problems between Guy and Harriet which so many take to be the centre of the book.  Perhaps they are.  But, again, they don't truly grip one either.  Harriet comes across as maternal and, at times, bitchy.  Guy comes across as too large-hearted for his own, and his marriage's, good.  That about sums up all the differences we get from Harriet's/Olivia's point of view.My favourite character is Prince Yakimov or "dear old Yaki," thrown out of Tsarist Russia to make his way in the ever so cruel modern world.  Despite his many self-pitying faults, he is the character to whom I felt closest, indeed, the only character about whom I FELT much of anything.The verdict please?Interesting, pleasant prose without much punch.
Grade: AWhy I picked it up: I've recently picked up a few Diana Wynne Jones books, continuing my earlier fascination with her - beginning when I saw Hayao Miyazaki's beautifully depicted Howl's Moving Castle.Why I finished it: Super catchy storyline which brought to mind the fizz and excitement of the early Harry Potter "going to wizarding school" magic.The Story:A diverse group of students meet at magic university and unite under incompetent teachers. The Wizards' University is now decidedly short of funds, and the teachers are either obsessed with raising funds, going to the moon or training the students to avoid any real thinking.The Good:She has two novels set in an imaginary world, Derkholm. The first novel, Dark Lord of Derkholm, is a recommended pre-read, though you can jump right into this one if you like (or if this is the book your library has).The exciting bits are pretty fantastic, and so are the characters - a griffin, a marshwoman, a prince, another prince who has assassins after him, a pirate's daughter..Who should read this? Fans of wizard schools, Harry Potter, Young Adult lit, School storiesQuote:"What have we got next? Wasn't there a lecture or something?""I'll see," said Elda. She hooked a talon into the bag around her neck and whisked out a timetable, then reared on her hindquarters to consult it. It already had claw holes in all four corners. "A class," she said. "Foundation Spellcasting with Wizard Wermacht in the North Lab.""Where's that?" Claudia inquired shyly.  "And have we time for coffee first?" Olga asked.
First of all I have to observe that Charles Dickens was born almost two hundred years ago, minus one year.  That is just amazing!  The man was taken out of school before he was eleven and yet managed to begin publishing his work at twenty-one, and finally being able to turn around the course of his family's debt at the age of thirty when he published this book.  There's something to be learned from his life as well as from this book.For those of you not familiar with the book, it is a story about a man named Ebenezer Scrooge, who is a miserly individual who, one Christmas-Eve Night is visited by the ghost of his long dead partner Jacob Marley.  His partner is there to tell him that he will be visited by three ghosts, (the ghosts of Christmas Past, Present, and Christmases Yet to Come) in order to show him the error of his stingy and cold ways.The images Mr. Dickens produces with his words are astounding.  I could see the night sky swimming with forlorn spirits bemoaning the good they never did in life!  My heart ached for the girl realizing the man she loved was no longer the man before her.  I laughed at the Christmas antics of Fred's guests, and felt the pain of a parent loosing their child when the ghost showed it to Scrooge.  It moved me as only a truly talented author can move a reader, despite the century and decades separating our lives.  Though it is writen in the third person, the author engages the reader personally, speaking to you and giving his own personal opinion on a subject.  It was the first time I've observed that kind of writing to be honest.  For example when discribing Scrooge's nephew at Christmas the author writes that if you should know someone more blessed in a laugh than Fred, to introduce them and the narrator would cultivate the friendship.I have to say that all the Christmas Specials on T.V. can not compare to reading the original work.  The adaptations do well, but so much has to be left out or changed!Admittedly, his way of spinning a sentence is much different from today.  There are times I had to re-read a sentence or two to understand it better, not because it was written badly, but because the speech of the day has changed.  I found it a pleasant challenge though, and not too daunting in the long run cause he makes his world so vivid with life and action, you can see it all and even if the words said aren't exactly clear, the overall idea of what is going on is clear.Not surprising, I would give this a five-star review!  It is well written, has vivid images, believable characters, and flows well.  I would highly recommend it, but maybe caution the reader to have a dictionary on hand for any words that might be unclear.  Without one, I'm afraid the reader might find it more of a challenge than they thought.  I look forward to reading it again when Christmas time rolls around again, and maybe even before if I have the time!
I grew up as an acquaintance of Ed and Lorraine's family. I've seen them during their private moments, and know their cases... and what they report... are real.I'm currently a student of Phantasm Psychic Research, headed by David Considine... one of the few lay religious demonologists recognized by the Traditional Catholic Church... and trained by Ed Warren.This is Christian demonology in it's truest form. Fellow Christians, be you Catholic, Orthodox or Protestant, do not be deceived by people telling you this "isn't Christian."  This research is far more legitimate than some smooth televangelist who will insinuate every weakness or sinful behavior in your life the result of a "demon" hiding within you.I don't necessarily agree with every word that the Warrens have uttered through the years, but they are sincere, knowledgeable and legitimate. They never encourage Seances and the like, just the opposite. They alone have discouraged more college kids from dabbling in the occult than anyone else.Read this book!Jeff Messenger, author of the novel "The Shroud of Torrington."
"You must be willing to allocate an hour a day to build your network," says Jeffrey Gitomer in his new book, Social Boom. He says, "Everything you do in social media is documented on Google. And those documentations affect your ranking in a positive way."I've found this to be very true in my own business. I didn't set out to accomplish this and didn't know I would. But it does and it's great. All the more reason to start your own social network.This is not a "book" in the normal sense of the word. It's a collection of realities, thoughts and ideas that you can put to work immediately. For example, most people have a social page on Facebook. But do they have a business page where people can "like" them and where they'll get prospects? The author advises you to do so.The author admonished the reader to either stand out or forget using social media. You have to "be willing to create ideas that irresistibly attract an audience of avid followers." How true! It's not for the lazy.I found this book fantastic and of tremendous value. While it's short and a very easy read --- you can literally start anywhere in the book --- I also found it one you'll likely want to refer to often. The ideas are pure gold.Highly recommended.-- Susanna K. Hutcheson
This is one of these books I, have to read twice. I started reading this book back in February. I think primary because of this book I was not in for a surprise about Snowden's revelation on the NSA. I was more by surprise at people's reaction. Like why did they not know? We leave bits about our lives and habits every time we use the internet and every time we  use a CC card or debit card and even our phones. How does my tablet screen for example, know what kind of TP I use and tells me where I can buy it for a good price without me asking? And..... this one tripped me out. Facebook knew where I worked 25 years ago in another country and suggested I put it on my page as work history. Kinda weird huh.This book is highly clear about our bits and binary life, as us individuals dont have much of a clue what it entails about us. Oh well, mostly everything. This book is packed with information and not a word wasted. It among other things, goes into privacy and piracy. It shows us the impact information has on us, depending on search engines, where to look and what we are looking for. It's an overload of information. I highly recommend this book if you are curious about your "bit" life. Even though there is not much we can do about all this snooping in our lives, I think it important to know about what it is doing to us and the impact it has on us as individuals as well as humanity.
I took Quantum as an undergrad and used Gasiorowicz's 3rd Ed.  I didn't learn much that was useful and I absolutely didn't gain any kind of physical insight.  As a new grad student of Physics, I decided that I needed to take Quantum again.  Luckily, we used Griffiths' Intro to Quantum.  It was a wonderful experience.  He builds the subject slowly and he gives phisical interpretations at every step.This is a great text.  Don't believe the 'nay-sayers'.  This text is as useful as Griffiths' E&M; text.  The problems can be difficult, but they are labeled by difficulty.  If you start off by working the simple problems, you will be able to solve all but the most difficult.  The most important thing to remember is that the professor only assigns a minimum of homework problems.  Many more problems should be solved to really understand the subject.All in all, opinions here are immaterial.  If you are reading this, it's becuase you have to use this text for a class.  So,Good luck!
If you are a fan of Bones, this book and the others in the series are a must read. Very enjoyable!
Brilliant psychological novel, in which the interpretive and descriptive elements are carried aloft by a gripping story line the relentlessly carries the reader to the end, punctuated by occasional wry humor, and deepened by the author's profound knowledge of human nature. Very strongly recommended.
Do you love books? Books about books? Bookshops? Read this. It's a wonderful gem I'm glad I stumbled upon. Done in epistolary format, it showcases a delightful friendship over the years. Humor, kindness, life, and books. Trust me, try it.Also, I wish books still were this inexpensive...
Remarkably well told, true story of the long career of the world's most successful art forger. Irving knew Elmyr De Hory well when they both lived on the Spanish island of Ibiza in the 1960s. The story of De Hory, and his two accomplices reads like a mystery as they manage to continue their shady careers, just one step ahead of the art world. How they managed to do so gives us fascinating insights into the arena of upscale galleries and world-famous collectors. A must read for aficionados of art and painting.Finding Uri
This book is primarily for the concrete professional who needs to have detailed data at his fingertips. But a beginner/student (eg. Civil Engineering student, construction trainee) can also learn a lot by browsing thru it.Some of the things to learn is the difference between cement and concrete. The former is the fine gray powder made of compounds of calcium, silicates and phosphate, which when mixed with water, forms an extremely strong chemical bond. The latter is cement mixed with pebbles, glass and other aggregates to give it that rougher surface, which actually strengthens it, but non-uniformity will exist.The curing of cement is as critical as the mixing process. The first three days will determine the value of the structure, with temperature and humidity the prime concerns. The next 90 days give it 90% of its final strength and up to three years until it reaches a permanent bond.The production of concrete in the US alone is a $35 billion industry and employs two million workers. It is used more than any other man-made material in the world.It was first used by the Romans, who experimented with urine, blood, hairs and other exotic additives.Portland cement is named after the region in Britain, where it was invented.
Hard to tell where reportage ended and imagination began, but the descriptions of aboriginal thought were delightful.  A new vision of the world.
This book was sent to me for free from a textbook company that I use.  It is a very current primer on social media, why it is important and how it can change your business/organization.  I have a feeling it will be dated in another year or so but right now it is a terrific book to read to build your social media knowledge base and understand how all types of organizations are leveraging social media.  There are a bunch of case studies in the middle of the book that are interesting, especially the one on how the Red Cross used social media to raise money for the Haiti earthquake relief.  I recommend it, especially if you are someone without a strong base knowledge of the topic.
Intelligent, informative and interesting. Answers all of the questions all of us demonology questers are asking. With out sensationalism or theatrics this book by/ about the Warrens is a balanced look at the flip side of unseen goodness. Without preaching or belittling we're reminded that we are spiritual creatures susceptible to a pull in either direction. It will certainly make me think deeply for some time. Read it.
I happened to read this book while I was in the middle of a marketing class in my MBA program. In the marketing class, we have been discussing traditional pricing models such as variable pricing, high/low, everyday low pricing, reference pricing, prestige pricing, captive pricing, etc. My class tended to be focused on traditional pricing methods, and did not cover some of the newer and more innovative ideas. I found Smart Pricing an excellent addition to my business studies, covering some of the newer methodologies of pricing.What you'll discover is that there is more to pricing than what you hear on the evening news. Priceline innovated the "Name Your Own Price" concept (or as critics call it, the "guess our price" concept), but the truth behind its success is more complex. Priceline enables airlines and hotels to unload perishable service inventory without diluting their pricing for the general market. In a word, it enables them to price discriminate, thus maximizing their profits. Meanwhile, it provides a service for a certain customer that cannot afford the premium prices on travel services. However, the Priceline model failed on groceries, and the book discusses the reasons behind this issue.Smart Pricing also discusses Pay As You Wish, a model that can be very profitable only if it is done correctly. The same goes for Price Wars, where just lowering your price can put you out of business, but a well-executed price war can help a company win a market.Overall, the book was an excellent primer on some of the more modern pricing schemes that have been innovated in the last decade, and I found it an excellent supplement to my business school materials. Recommended reading!
This text makes a sound foundation upon which a budding econometrician can build: clear concepts, well set out, and most affordable.
Bernard Lewis is the goto guy when it comes to the study of Islam.  This little book is a great basic background of the religion of Islam.  More in depth than a "Dummies" or "Idiots" guide and but not over academic where a layman could not follow.  Perfect for people who want depth but do not want to read something meant for a college professor.  The chapters are well organized with some really good photos to supplement the text.  I teach AP World History and will use quite a bit from this book.
I like that the author does not try to sell me on having to change my personality for the sake of coping with and competing in an extroverted world.  The book has lots of great examples and ideas for putting myself forward without having to be someone I am not.
Death by China by Peter Navarro and Greg Autry was a very quick read though impact and frightening about the many ways China kills and is killing people both domestically and abroad. The analysis begins with the conventional coverage of the various food recalls that have killed or injured spates of people and pets not just in the United States, but in Japan and in China itself. Then it moves into China's weapons of job destruction through technology transfers, downright technology theft and unfair currency devaluation. He tells an equally distressing tale about the corporate America that has allowed all these jobs to be shifted overseas thanks to a money first green-backs culture that is destroying America.The second part of the book is dedicated to discussing China's so called peaceful rise and their quest to dominate the resources of outer space and those on Earth and presents a frightening though plausible scenario for how China could use this power to pursue a new round of colonial domination throughout Asia, Africa, and Latin America and push back America. The later half of the book is dedicated more to what I was expecting a scathing indictment of what the leaders in China do to their own people, all the while, we expect them to play by the rules of free trade. In the concluding chapter, the authors take the China apologists in all their forms to task for their lack of basic common sense and then sends a very pointed and direct message to the asleep at the wheel politicians throughout the West, but particularly Washington D.C. that America is being swallowed by the Dragon.
I thought of telling him that his own touch seared my skin and filled my veins with fire."  Who wouldn't dream of love like this?  Outlander is an exceptional read.  Although characterized as a romance, it is so much more.  It is a unique, well-written, richly detailed historical work of fiction, full of fantasy and adventure.  Before I began reading the book, I wondered if I could really get through 850 pages.  The answer is yes - it captured my attention early on and I devoured it within a week! I can't wait to read the rest of the series.
Always the best!! Nothing more to say!! Update mine every year!! And always happy..And now on my Iphone... doesn't get much better..
Ever since we came across "Brown Bear" we've become huge fans of Eric Carle's wonderful and deceptively simple illustrated children's books. Now we are well on our way to owning all of his works, and would certainly recommend these educational and quirky books to all parents. However, it's also clear that none of his other books have lived up to the charm of "Brown Bear." This is certainly true of "From Head to Toe." There is no attempt at rhyming in here whatsoever, and reading can feel a bit drab and repetitive as a consequence. Nonetheless, this is still a pretty good children's board book in its own right.The book is ideally suited for older toddlers (three or four year olds would be my best estimate), but younger and older kids will certainly enjoy it as well. Through a series of parallel and complementary pictures and actions by humans and their animal friends children can easily learn about parts of the body. It's a very carefree and fun educational book, and it has a lot going for it.
It's hard to like these characters at first--trustafarian twits for the most part, at Middlebury or something like that. But gradually you are sucked into their mad narcissistic world and you can't press the off button.  A good leisurely read when you have blocs of time--not a few screenfullls snatched before sleep.
I really like the "Let's Read and Find out Science 2" series.  These are great science books for elementary school and they are perfect for my first grader.  They use familiar examples to introduce basic scientific concepts in a simple but fun way.  They are interesting for both kids and adults.  I have found them to be a valuable tool to teach these concepts to my kids.We had a wonderful time with this book about magnets.  My first grader had fun with the experiments.  This is perfect for first and second grade.
Heskett has a fast and easy read that ties together culture's impact the bottom line with a surprisingly interesting collection of real-life examples. Reading about ING, USAA, Southwest, etc. makes the content come alive and onecouldn't skip over Apple... Heskett doesn't... there are a few pages, but I almost feel like there could be a whole chapter devoted to it. Regardless, books in this genre too often end up and regurgitating the obvious, you might not learn anything ground-breaking, but Heskett weaves together enough interesting information to make the read worthwhile.Heskett's has divided the book into four main sections:1. Defining culture2. 4R economic model3. Impact of culture on Innovation4. Role of leadership Leadership
This book is excellent! If you are not an accountant (like me) or an economist, this book is for you. It explains how the economy works in every day language, and why a free market is our ONLY way to avoid financial collapse. This ought to be required reading for every American!
How many individuals can look back on their careers and survey the influence that they have had on their industry with the intelligence and objectivity of Dr. Kaufman as evidenced in this well written memoir.  To be sure, his explanations of the monetary and fiscal environments and the economic consequences over the past 40 years are at times dry. The sections dealing with his experiences and the evolution of the financial services industry are absolutely fascinating.  Recommended to anyone interested in macroeconomics and particularly to economic students.This should become required reading in Macro 101 courses.
In 2003, when I was looking to buy a house and realtors were trying to get me to agree to a higher price than I thought I could afford, I became bewildered and confused by the strange situation in which I was prequalified to spend a quarter of a million dollars, and yet that was only enough to buy a house that was likely to flood every year when the nearby river rose. I finally decided I needed more information, so I went to the book store and scoured the shelves and shelves of books on how to buy a house. There, amid all the titles like "Flipping Properties," I found John Talbott's book. I was halfway through it before I looked up and realized I had probably better pay for it and take it home.This book changed the course of my life. If I had not read it, I might well have been among the many people who are now foreclosing on their homes and losing everything they have. I would certainly have still been a wage slave, working ridiculous hours to try to pay for a home I could not afford, and which was not worth what I'd paid.Thanks to The Coming Crash in the Housing Market, I not only did not buy a house at the worst possible time, but actually convinced my mother to sell her home after retiring and move to a more affordable town. She sold JUST IN TIME.So I just want to say Thank you, Mr. Talbott, for saving my family. Your book was probably the best investment I ever made.
After I spent 3 days in Normandy in France in May 2000, I was intrigued with the history of the region, particularly after seeing the captivating Bayeux Tapestry (which details the events of 1066, though a work of  propaganda). I found this book here at Amazon, and it was a fun and  exciting read. The author is very personable and creates vivid imagery and  characters, and while at times seems slightly biased towards the English  (being English himself) it's fairly even-handed throughout. Excellent  research. I will never forget Harald the Viking! A light read and an  educational one.
I loved this book.  Stephen McClellan doesn't mince any words, and he provides helpful, actionable advice to people like me (non-Wall Street personal investors).  Until now I've given way too much credibility to information from sources that he exposes as spinsters.  It's not necessarily the people that are bad... but the system that provides all the incentives for the dissemination of confusing and misleading information.  Ok, so some people are bad too.I especially liked his straightforward advice on investing and managing my investments.  He doesn't try to please everyone, and he's not worried about finessing his opinion so feathers aren't ruffled.  Finally, here's somebody with a strong opinion that doesn't apologize for it!The overall content and layout could be improved upon.  I found myself reading similar material in multiple sections of the book.  There were also some slow parts that weren't all that interesting to me, but I think they were relevant to the overall picture.  My guess is that this wasn't written from beginning to end, but was more of a compilation of notes and information he's put together over time.Regardless of its literary fluidity, I still give "Full of Bull" five stars for its substance and refreshing, no-frills delivery!
This book is a tome on the chemist's journey into the biotech and pharmaceutical research world. If you're not a chemist (and I'm not), you may wonder why one would want to read a 500 page book on this topic. My interest was two-fold, one I'm a nurse and secondly as a consumer I was trying to comprehend why after the stringent FDA approval process which is approximately 15 years, were so many medications recalled? This surprisingly down to earth book starts out with the history of the modern drug research facility. It discusses the patented drug with its generic competition and the economics of it all, including company mergers and acquisitions. I learned about the numerous federal laws governing those products which of course have a direct financial impact on the company and end consumer. I was surprised that some name brand drugs are eventually priced cheaper than the corresponding generic. Around chapters 6-10, the reading was more technical and to be honest I skimmed those pages looking for the valuable tidbits that I understood and were useful to me. So yes, I marred those pages w/ a highlighter. Chapter 11 returns to general useful information for anyone looking for a professional position, albeit the information is tailored for the BS to Ph.D chemistry researcher. This enjoyable book really gives a great overview of the factors and processes that goes into making new medicines. I think information in this book could easily be made into a movie or at least a documentary for either the History, Discovery, National Geographic, or Science channels. I now have a greater understanding of this world and although I don't agree w/ some of the tactics of the pharma lobbyists, I now at least understand their protective position.
This book is great if you're teaching Spanish to an adult who is a  beginner. Of course you will need supplemental work but It's a good book either way.
Practice-Makes-Perfect books, in general are very good. They explain material well and include many practice exercises (with answers in the back of the book). If you USE them, you'll learn. This book about pronouns is concise and easy to understand. Practice Makes Perfect offers another Pronoun book that I like even better, titled, &#34;Spanish Pronouns and Prepositions.&#34; I have a big family, and I used Amazon's gift registry. Last Christmas I got several Spanish learning books, and for my birthday, more! (Just an idea for those of you who hate to spend money on books.) Most importantly, if you really want to learn Spanish, find someone who speaks Spanish to practice with! And, watching TV in Spanish helps too, once you know a little Spanish. Even if you can only recognize a work here and there at first, little by little you'll pick up more. Conversation and Spanish Tv complement the book-learning you're doing.
I am a .NET developer so this was kind of a cool book to read.  It really took me back to my college days.The book starts out with an introduction to parallel computing.  It tells you why thy are needed as well as warns you about their potential complexity.There is a chapter on Parallel Hardware and Parallel Software, Distributed Memory Programming with MPI, Shared Memory Programming with Pthreads, Shared Memory Programming with OpenMP, and Parallel Program Development.The book is very well written and will make an excellent text for the classroom.The code is available for download as well as presentation that accompany each chapter.  The author has also made all the diagrams in the book available for download on the companion site.
I like the approach the author Morey Stettner takes with this book for new managers.  As one would expect, it covers most of the topics a new manager would need - and they are handled in a clear and practical way that make it easy to absorb and apply.  In addition to that, Stettner is a realist.  He doesn't presume to "know it all" and that his suggestions will fit every new manager's style or needs.  He asks new managers to try them out and adjust to suit.  This is an unusual and unpretentious approach for a management "how to" book.The book starts with asking the new manager to develop his or her personal credo by thinking about the qualities of good managers he/she has previously known or worked for.  There's a practical exercise, "My favourite manager", that makes this task easy.  Once again, the realistic approach comes into play with Stettner making sure that the new manager adjusts his/her ideal to account for their current organisational culture.I particularly liked his advice on how to start one's first meeting with new staff to create that all important first impression.  I also liked the chapter on "listening" which gives some excellent, practical tips such as the three step tactic of how to avoid becoming defensive - Patience-Ask-Confirm.The many practical examples made it easy to see how the author's ideas might work in practice.  However, it was a little frustrating when some chapters started with a case study to illustrate the problem, but did not finish the case with examples of how the manager solved the problem (I expected this to happen later in the chapter).  I also found some examples a little dated (e.g. "type out your answers") and there was no mention of a 360 degree tool when discussing how the new manager might seek feedback.I would have also liked to see more emphasis given to planning and running meetings.  There was no mention of how to manage emails.  For most new managers these two tasks take a lot of time and focus.However, overall these are minor criticisms.  It's nice to read a book written by a true professional who understands social psychology and how businesses work, but who doesn't need to elaborate or preach about either.  It's just full of good, plain, workable advice.  Highly recommended for any new manager.Bob Selden author What To Do When You Become The Boss: How new managers become successful managers
This book was not what I expected the story is good but it has a set scene that although my nephew enjoyed I was uncomfortable with as the ladies come out of the shower.  but the story helped him understand the differences from today to yesteryear which is what we hoped so he would be more tolerant of all players not just the girls.the seller delivered as promised I am very pleased
As small on line sellers at ecrater.com, our world has been rocked by Google deciding that they will no longer show listing of items for sale for free in their search. As small sellers, we can't afford to pay the cost of the product just to drive someone to buy from us. So getting this book and reading it was like seeing the light at the end of the tunnel. Ideas! Good ideas. I ideas I can use! Techniques I didn't understand. I have never marked up and highlighted a book as much as this one. I couldn't believe how much my understanding of the different social media sites worked.One of my frustrations with the internet over the years is these new, neat things like Twitter, Facebook, Linkedin, etc. hit our computers but nothing ever comes with instructions manuals anymore. It is difficult at times to truly understand how to use these programs to the fullest. That is what I liked about this book was the understanding of the different social media sites and how they worked and how a person can use them to drive interest and customers to their business.Now that I have read the book, I plan on going through it and setting up a plan of action showing which social media sites I will be using (or using better) and how we will use them. This thing with Google could really be weighing us down, but after reading this book I feel hopeful. Unless you already have a PR team in place and lots of money to drive customers to your business, this is a good book to read for the basics. Even if you have a PR team, this book could help you know what they are talking about. The only thing that I missed with the book is Pinterest came on the scene in the midst of the book being published and so it isn't mentioned in the book. I guess I will have to figure that one out myself. I highly recommend this book to anyone running an online business of any type.NOTE TO THE AMAZON REVIEW TROLLS THAT LIKE TO DIS REVIEWS BECAUSE WITHIN 24 HOURS OF READING A BOOK LIKE THIS, OUR STORE HASN'T ACHEIEVED 1ST PLACE PLACEMENT ON ALL THE SEARCH ENGINES. I am not interested in your comments nor do I believe anyone else is. Online marketing involves work. We understand that. We will be working on our on line marketing along with everything else we do to run a business. This is a great book and will be helpful to many who read it. I know it will be helpful to us as we put many of its principles into practice.
I got this book for Christmas and it was a perfect present. It's definitely a reference work, but if you're a real geek like me, you'll often find yourself flipping through it just for the sheer enjoyment of exploring the language. The book is packed with explanations and examples on just about any grammatical topic you can think of. All the explanations are easy to read and to understand, without sacrificing any detail. This book has already helped me greatly, as first I consulted it constantly when writing my first few e-mails to a pen-pal in Mexico, and now I don't need to consult it as often. While I'm functional in Spanish (at least in the written language), I'm still far from fluent, so this book still has much more to teach me... and I'm confident that it will help me for years to come. If you're just starting to learn the language from scratch, you probably don't want this book yet. But if you're serious about learning Spanish, and you want answers to all your questions and more, this book is an essential reference. I wouldn't dream of parting with my copy.
The bad news for me: I was lost after the first chapter.  I am not highly technical, and was trying to read the book more from a strategic planning perspective, which this book is not intended to address.However, the book is well-written, is chocked full of examples and case studies, and is a great reference for a technical resource who is ready to make the "rubber meet the road".  While most of it was over my head, I still give it high marks based on organization and the content that I was able to digest.In summary, recommended for the techies (not most management!).
In the 1960s there were several famous assassinations in the U.S.---JFK, RFK, MLK.One that is not as well known--at least to me--occurred on Feb 12, 1966, in a Detroit area synagogue.  That morning 23-year old Richard Wishnetsky walked into a Sabbath service with a gun.  After reading a prepared statement condemning the wealthy congregation's supposed materialism and hypocrisy, Wishnetsky shot Rabbi Morris Adler, then shot himself in the head.  Both eventually died from their wounds.The story behind the Adler assassination is told in this book, which has long been out of print but is now available in ebook form.In part, Murder in the Synagogue is a tribute to Rabbi Adler, one of the best known and most beloved religious leaders of his era. But mainly it is a richly detailed and sympathetic case study of one man's descent into mental illness.  Richard Wishnetsky was a bright young man, an honor student at the University of Michigan who won a Woodrow Wilson Fellowship to support graduate work in political theory.  Then, in his first year of graduate school (1964-65) he suffered a psychotic break, had to drop out of school, and was hospitalized.  The murder-suicide occurred several months after he left the mental hospital at Ypsilanti.This book resonated with me for a couple of reasons.  It brought back memories of the emotional turmoil of being a university undergraduate, when it is common for studious young people to take themselves pretty seriously and be very intense, maybe even a little crazy.  Wishnetsky's experience also reminded me of the trials of a friend from student days who suffered his own psychotic break after the pressures of law school.When Murder in the Synagogue first appeared in 1970, a wealthy member of Detroit's Jewish community used his influence to make sure that it was not widely circulated or promoted.  That is a shame, especially since the book is not at all sensationalistic or exploitative.  Rather, it shows great sensitivity toward everyone involved.  I hope that it receives some well-deserved attention in Kindle format.
I didn't know what I was getting when I first opened the book.  It was delightful.  I walked around the house reading it out load to anyone who appeared. Highly recommended to any age!
This book has some really great tips on getting my daughter to sleep without having to deal with her crying so much that she would throw up.  I have only started to use some of the tips and they are slowly working already.  My problem was that my daughter has seperation anxiety due to my husband and I seperating.  She seems afraid to go to sleep because we may not be there when she wakes up and she needs to have me very close before she will go to sleep.  The book had good tips on how to make this plan work with the 2 households.  It also gave great tips on how to wean her off of me being in the room when she goes to sleep.  Normally I wouldn't mind being in the room as she falls asleep if it only took 10-15 minutes but my daughter fights sleep so much that it takes hours of me laying there to get her to sleep and she wouldn't fall asleep until close to midnight.  The tips from the book have already started working and my daughter is going to sleep by 9:30... I know this isn't where I need or want to be but for only using it for a little over a week I'm happy with the results.
Mr. Dale provides his usual vocal magic to bring Dickens' immortal holiday classic to life.  Excellent narration, sprightly character voices and the reader's sense of good fun make this recording my personal favorite of 'A Christmas Carol'.If you enjoy this then pick up more of Mr. Dale's audiobook recordings.  I highly recommend all 6 of the Harry Potter audiobooks *on CD of course as you will wear your tapes out & replace them constantly* and 'Peter & the Starcatchers'.
I like this volume best because it provides an amazingly detailed look at the year in the life of one farm boy. It seemed I was constantly comparing Almanzo's childhood experiences with those of Laura's. During their youth, the Wilder and Ingalls households each had six members, but the Wilders' farm was tremendous. It required constant vigilence and teamwork to keep things running smoothly. Readers learn about the family's daily care for their farm animals, and also about the work that changes with the seasons. There is the ice-house to fill, and maple sugar production, sheep-shearing, wool-dyeing, spring cleaning, seed-sowing, gardening, the grain and produce harvests, preserving, butchering, candle-making, threshing, wood-hauling. But there is also time for berrying, enjoying Christmas and Independence Day, and winning prizes at the county fair. Almanzo's ninth year is also the beginning of his coming-of-age. He learns to appreciate the work that goes into earning just fifty cents. He deals with bullies and building good study habits during his first months at school. He learns that a little innocuous goofing off is fine while his parents are away for a week, but that fighting with his big sister can cause something bad to happen. He wants nothing better than to have a colt of his own, but learns to treat the young horses carefully until his father should decide to let him have one. He discovers that some adults can be petty or unethical, and that some town businessmen think it's in his best interest to start an apprenticeship. Because he has grown up so much in one year, an offer and a decision are Almanzo's to consider in the final chapter. Farmer Boy is educational for kids, and a good heartwarming read for anyone who cherishes family and wholesome values. And like so many other readers say, the food descriptions are unbearably good!
This is &quot;Bonfire of the Vanities&quot; does California, and the cultural contrasts between the lives of Latino immigrants and liberal yuppies is striking.  It is a gifted author who can make you feel most  sympathtic to the characters you have the least in common with.  If Boyle  is a little over the top at times, that's much more fun than missing the  mark.
I believe that it was Clauswitz who said war is diplomacy by a different means.  When wars break out, they often become tar babies, i.e., sticky situations easy to get into but hard to get out of.  Two years ago a young woman in Japan asked why the United States used atomic bombs in 1945.  I told her it was to end the war; the options for accomplishing that were limited; and all of them involved a large number of deaths.  Regular diplomacy had failed.The present novel is set during World War I, mainly on the Western Front somewhere in France.  The war has become a stalemate and the armies are bogged down in trenchworks facing each other across No Mans Land.  Most people have long since forgotten the original issues, but the war drags on endlessly.  The politicians have not been able to bring it to an end.  Poison gas has been used.  The generals expend men by the tens of thousands in useless assaults against the enemy that accomplish nothing.  The generals just ask for more men.  Boys as young as 14 are drafted and sent to die at the front.  An entire generation is decimated, with young men not living long enough to realize their potential.This is the tragic tale of a group of German soldiers including Paul Baumer, the narrator, and several of his classmates who drop out of school and enlist in the Army after a teacher appeals to their patriotism.  It covers the time period from his entry into the German Army at the age of 19 until his death on a quiet day in October 1918, just before the end of the war.  The novel begins with the soldiers at the front the day after a heavy bombardment by British artillery.  There are some flashbacks to their initial training.The soldiers have developed a fatalistic, somewhat cold attitude.  Deaths in the company mean more rations for the survivors.  When a dying man says someone stole his watch, the attitude is that he is not going to need it anymore.  One person maneuvers to get his boots when he dies.  Individuals are concerned with their own survival, and acquiring whatever comforts they can get their hands on.  Within the group in Katczinsky (Kat) who is a skilled forager, particularly for food.The story has graphic descriptions of fighting in the trenches with sharpened spades and granades; green recruits dirtying their pants and going mad from the continual bombardment; and people blown apart by shells leaving splattered fragments.  Death is random, depending on where an artillery shell may land.  Every soldier has his dream of what he would like to be.  One by one they are whittled away.  They decline into an attitude of dispair.  They know they can't win, but the war drags on seemingly without end.Paul is the last survivor.  He dies a meaningless death on a quiet day on the Western Front when not much is happening.  A motion picture version I saw years ago had a poignant ending when he was shot by a sniper when he reached to pick a flower growing just outside the trench.I would note that one of my young cousins was among the last U.S. military personnel to die in Vietnam, after the decision had been made to withdraw.  It's not over 'til it's over.  Someone will always take a last whack at the enemy.
this book is great! i loved reading every word and didnt get bored! a first for me since i dont really read that much!
It's 12:45 A.M. and I just finished reading this book and I know that I won't be able to fall asleep easily tonight. I say this because this book is going to be on my mind for awhile. It was incredibly touching to me and I am most likely going to re-read it in the near future to catch things that I missed the first time around (and I rarely re-read books). As far as the previous comment about the repeated use of the F-word in the book, I read that comment before I began reading this book and while I was reading the book I thought "Where are all the f-words??" The f-word can probably be found no more than fifteen times in the entire book.
This has to be one of the funniest books ever written beginning with the opening chapter where the narrator reads a medical book and decides he has every disease in the book.  From there, he and his two best friends decide to get away from it all with a boat trip up the Thames River -- and that's the book.  It's full of one hilarious episode after another with little side tidbits on the historical places they pass on the Thames.  Those few who have found the book dull need to understand that the story is written at the pace of a boat trip and not a television sitcom.  It's any vacation where everything goes hilariously wrong and if for once the tent doesn't fall down in a pouring rain or the boat manages to not run into another boat, the narrator remembers another trip and tells the story of carrying an incredibly smelly cheese home--Warning don't read that chapter in public.  People will wonder why you're rolling on the ground laughing hysterically.  There's also a dog who's idea of being helpful is bringing a dead rat to add to the stew.  The only weakness of the book is that I'd like to have seen much more of the dog.  On the serious side, Three Men in a Boat proves that humor based on human nature is timeless.  Also on the serious side, if you want a good look at how people lived in 1890, this book actually gives a vivid picture, including the nostalgia that the narrator feels for &quot;the good old days&quot;.  He finds life in 1890 too fast paced and with too many inventions coming on too fast.  It makes you wonder at what point people will look back to 2001 as &quot;the good old days&quot;.
I've had (the first edition of) this book for a while now, and when I first read it some years ago, I thought that it was very comprehensive but written in a mind-numbing dry style. Fast forward a few years, during which I have (a) used some Machine Learning toolkits (including Weka) to solve real problems and (b) attended the Weka MOOC and re-read this book as part of the suggested readings in the class, and now I suddenly find it full of interesting insights and advice that I missed earlier.I think this book would be most useful for an intermediate level data mining professional who uses or adapts existing algorithms to solve problems (as opposed to someone in academia who builds completely new algorithms), but who needs to know the functionality and rationale behind each of the algorithms to effectively use them. This extends to not only the main algorithms for classification, clustering, association rule mining, etc, but also to algorithms for feature selection, preprocessing, etc. The book really comes into its own if you are also using the Weka toolkit - since the book is based on Weka, you can try things out for yourself to visually understand the concepts presented in the book. Weka has a very comprehensive coverage for various algorithms, provides a GUI and a CLI, can be called directly from the command line via java, can be embedded within your Java (or other JVM based language) program, and can also handle big data using its streaming algorithms, so its a good toolkit to learn and use. At the same time, the book has a solid focus on core Machine Learning concepts as well, so the knowledge you gain using Weka and this book is transferrable to other toolkits in the future.
The Virgin Mary is a remarkable woman.  I adore her.  And she has done a world of good in her role as the Queen of Heaven.  But she can be a handful.  Catholics think they know Mary.  They don't.That's why _Looking for Mary_ is such an important book. Its author, Beverly Donofrio, has been to Bosnia: Donofrio has seen with her own eyes that Mother Mary is hardly the whispery milquetoast maiden that many reverend fathers take her for.  Mary is a woman who can hold her own in a Man's world, let me tell you!As you may have noticed in the millennium just past, there has been some desultory tension between Mary and Yahveh, both of whom enjoy being worshiped as Jesus' Mother and Father, respectively, but neither of whom thinks the other should have sole dibs on Christian affection.  Their rivalry, though jocular, can sometimes become more animated, as during the Reformation, when the fans of Mary and of Yahveh killed one another by the tens of thousands all across Europe; and again for just these past fifteen years, when the Virgin Mother and your heavenly Father have themselves been in a snit over who best deserves the loyalty of little children, a quarrel they have not yet resolved.I am reminded of four-year-old Cooper W--  of Sykesville, Maryland, whose grandmother took him, in May 1993, to Our Lady Center, to see a child-sized statue of the Virgin Mary.  It did not escape Yahveh's notice that Our Lady Center had statues of the Happy Virgin in almost every size, and shape, and chaste posture, but no statues depicting God the Father for little children to honour with comparable reverence.  So when young Cooper approached a concrete manikin of the Blessed Virgin to adore her, the Lord gave the statue an invisible push.  Sadly, the stone Virgin fell over and clobbered the boy on the head and killed him.  (Your heavenly Father was not angry with little Cooper:  He just expects equal representation, and His fair share of adoration from the little ones.)When the Southern Baptists heard about Cooper's fate, they said that it illustrated, to Roman Catholics, God's contempt for the sin of "Mariolatry."The Virgin Mary just smiled, beatifically, like Mona Lisa, not showing her teeth.  But she soon espied her chance to even the score, while upping the irony.  On 5 August 1996, at the Bethlehem Baptist Church in Summerville, Georgia, third-graders attending the Vacation Bible School were taken outside to the cool, shady graveyard for their afternoon lesson.  They gathered in a large circle, and bowed their heads in prayer as their teacher, Miss Knox, said, "Our Father, who art in Heaven...."  And that is the exact moment when the Blessed Virgin made her move:  she caused a six-foot granite cross to topple over onto the head of Andrew H-- , a nine-year-old boy who often praised his heavenly Father but never worshiped Mary.The police, when they arrived to help, flipped over the fallen stone.  Guess what surname was inscribed on the granite tombstone that crushed the boy's skull?  "POPE"!  And guess where Andrew was pronounced dead, after being transported there by an ambulance?  in "Rome"!  (i.e., Rome, Georgia).Things like that do not just happen by accident.  For things like that to happen to children, there has to be a God.  Also, a Virgin Mother of God.Not to be outdone, your Father blasted a four-year-old boy in Rockaway, Queens.  Little Rayangelo A--, who was born deaf, was learning how to pray to the Virgin Mother using sign language.  A bright little boy, he was making good progress despite his God-given handicap, until that day at his grandma's house when he found an M-80 in the kitchen.  Rayangelo, who had seen powerful firecrackers before, in TV cartoons, but had never heard one explode, lit the fuse - not realising the danger. The boy's signing hand was blown to pieces and had to be amputated.Yahveh just shrugged. "If a little child's hand gives offense," He said, "then I say, cut it off and toss it!  Better that his hand should perish, than for Me to cast his entire little body into Hell, forever" (Matt. 19:14, 5:30).I know what you're thinking: why must your heavenly Father beat up twice on the same child?  Rayangelo was a good kid.  Wasn't it enough, to make him be born deaf?  So what if he adores the Virgin Mother?But that is not the way your heavenly Father thinks about it.Not to be outdone, the Queen of Heaven on Christmas night, 1996, assaulted a six-year-old Colorado princess with a flashlight, cracking her skull.  An elaborate PR effort pinned the mishap on a small foreign faction who slid down the chimney that night, although it was again the Mother who did it.The Father waited till Christmas Eve, 1997.  He then sent a team of Protestant priistas to a coffee plantation near Acteal, Mexico, to instruct the Roman Catholic peasants who lived there - members of Las Abejas, a small foreign faction - that Maryolatrous "liberation theology" may not be good for their health.  By the time the lesson was over, every child in the camp had been cut to pieces with a Protestant machete or riddled with bullets from an evangelical AK-47.It's not that God is unwilling to protect children from adult violence - He saves boys and girls from harm almost every day, all over the world, without complaining.  But when children adore the blessed Mother more than they ought, that is when God may strike someone with divine irony, or with an iron fist.  For one thing, when Christian tykes die and go to Heaven, the Lord doesn't mind as much as you might think.  In fact, He likes it.  "Suffer the little children to come unto me, the sooner the better, even if it's one piece at a time" - that's Yahveh's policy (Mark 10:14).  As it is written in Scripture, "Blessed shall he be," therefore, "who takes your little children by the feet and dashes them against the rocks!" (Psalms 137:9).- L.
This is a truly beautiful book about the power of life to heal the sick and the down hearted. Using the analogy of a garden coming to life, and the plants blooming in the springtime, Burnett tells the story of children and people becoming well, and discovering the "Magic" that is life, or God.Mary is a sour little girl from India who is orphaned after a sickness hits her Indian town, and she is sent to live with her uncle, Archibold Craven, in Yorkshire, England.  The manor is full of mysteries, as Mary soon discovers.  Along with her new friend Dickon, a boy animal charmer from across the moor, she begins to discover the secrets of the manor and of the gardens that surround it.This is a beautiful book, just brimming over with life.  I would recommend this to young readers as well as adult. It is very sweet, and has a warm-hearted tone.
Reading through the reviews you probably get the jest -This book scores a five as an historical novel, and a three as a thriller.If you want to immerse yourself in the milieu and political intrigues of pre-Caesarian Rome...My GOD man, you need to steep yourself within the pages of this book.So my take is to honor this well-honed work for what it is, and let those seeking a Hardy Boys adventure to find it elsewhere.
Though unfair to Marie Phillips, her witty, often cutting debut novel. "Gods Behaving Badly" arrives with Neil Gaiman's "American Gods" still fresh in many reader's minds.  Like Gaiman's novel, Philips' deals with the idea of a pantheon of ancient divinities surviving into the modern age, often forced to muddle through in a world where no one believes in them, let alone offers them worship or sacrifice.  Now perhaps this will benefit the sales "Gods Behaving Badly" but I fear that it won't as people, based only on the most cursory glances, assume it to be derivative.That would be a loss to the shallow reader.  Where Gaiman's book, which I happen to have loved, was a travelers tale from the perspective of someone suddenly swept up in a world beyond the veil in the form of a road trip story, Phillips' novel is more akin to Steven Sherrill's "The Minotaur Takes a Cigarette Break" (which is also well worth a read).  These novels follow much of the classic form of the immigrant's tale, bringing an outsiders perspective to the strangeness of modern life, though with the outsider coming not from a distant country, but from a place lost in time and myth.The premise of "Gods Behaving Badly" is quite straight forward - the Greek gods are real and, bereft of worshipers, there power waning, and impossibly bored, now share a dilapidated flat in London.  Like all immigrants, they've sought to build a place for themselves in niches within this strange new world.  Aphrodite does phone sex, Dionysius runs a club.  Apollo works as a psychic and pines for the days when no woman could refuse him.  Eros is a born again Christian, Artemis a dog-walker.  In a riff on the classic tales of mythology, two gods' petty squabble pours over into the mortal realm with a shocking aftermath, in this case involving a mortal hired to clean up the gods filth strewn home.Phillips trawls far and deep to catch every bit of humor and insight she can out of her imaginative setup, and time and again one can only be impressed by the clever turns on which she takes her story.  As with all immigrant tales, this one is not so much about the immigrants themselves - self centered, vile, and venal though they may be - but what we can learn about our culture by seeing it through their eyes.  A fine debut novel, the only caveat that must be posted is the occasional tendency to take a metaphor a few steps to far, likely a hold over from blogging where editing often falls by the way side.  Even the ending, which will come as no surprise to anyone well schooled in the world of fantasy, Neil Gaiman's opus "Sandman" or Star Trek, is given a new twist in an epilogue that you will surely read twice to appreciate the author's excellent sense of humor.A fine, fun read, I highly recommend "Gods Behaving Badly."
I hate this kind of thing, I really do.  I mean, trying to review this thing when 1249 other people who are smarter than me are phoney and arrogant enough to write some corny review, like it means anything anyway.  and all these people identifying with Holden.  It kills me.  It really does.  I mean, who cares?  They flash this book title up and tell you there is going to be a catcher...but there isn't a baseball mitt in sight, just some corny story about some illiterate kid with problems.  and so what?  Don't you hate when someone writes a novel that is timeless, that strikes a chord in the world still in fifty years. it's so corny you could cry, you really could.  I think I&quot;m going to give a copy of it to my sister, because you'd like her.  and you'll like this book, you really will. even though this review will make no sense if you haven't read the book, you'll probably say it was useful to you.  That's the kind of phoney you are
I enjoyed reading The Innocent.  The setting is well drawn, the story was interesting, with just enough plot turns to keep things interesting.  This novel is a tad heavy on narrative, which works fine in this case, but isn't for those who like an extremely fast read.  Both the story and characters are rather subtle at times, a refreshing change of pace from much current fiction.The only problem that I had with this novel is that it fails to convince me of motivation.  I just can't believe that the main character, Leonard (the innocent from the title) is as fully stupid as the author portrays him.  Most ten year olds would have been brighter than he seems.  Though I did enjoy his self discovery along the way.I was equally unconvinced that Maria (who helps Leonard lose his innocence) is as afraid of the German police as the author kept wanting us to believe.  I was so unconvinced, that I was sure that she was setting Leonard up somehow.Still, this book is interesting to read.  It is a fairly unique story and worth the time for that alone.
I was completely inexperienced and without HTML knowledge. I ordered this book from amazon.com and suddenly I have one of the best and prettiest websites ever. This book teaches you everything. I didn't even read it page by page. I just looked up what I was looking for or what I wanted to do on my website, used the codes and wa-la, instant beautiful results. This book saves you time and gives you precisely what you are looking for. Recommended 100%.
Loved Karon's first in her series. I didn't think I would, but I soon fell in love with the characters and looked forward to Book 2.
I'll admit it... I'm not that smart.  I probably would not have read this book on my own.  I can get bored easily.  So I read All Quiet because I was assigned to in school.  It's a complete surprise to me (and to those who know me) that this book is now on my list of favorites.I see this book fulfilling a purpose much like Saving Private Ryan.  War is not a glorious thing.  War is ugly.  War is grisly and gory and effects everyone involved, fighting or at home, deeply.  I found this novel to be a clear wake up call as to the true evils of war, which my generation has never experienced and does not really know.Buried in this realism, however, is a literary gem.  Remarque's writing presents this starkness in such poetry that I found myself wanting to read out loud, just to feel the cadences of the words.  The novel is beautiful at the same time as it is ugly.  That is true mastery of the written language.
Very enjoyable read. I felt transported into the story and discovered it along with the narrator, who never let me down or let me fall behind or jump ahead. Well done.
I am reading and re-reading this book, until I am able to put all the ideas and suggestions into action. This is one of the best self help reflective books. I recommend it for anyone with communication issues, whether work or family. The ideas and tools provided are helping me have these conversations. I strongly recommend this book for all high stress work environments, to help all workers reach full potential.
My reviews are published with the individual volumes. I liked A German Requiem the best, but thought that March Violets was the weakest Gunther novel- I have now read them all. A Pale Criminal is, for me, a stain on the series as Bernie lets his inner homophobe out, something not seen after that.
I have often enjoyed Chuck's sense of strange and odd in his characters. He's an excellent writer. Survivor is no less imaginative and engaging than any of his best work - having recently read damned and doomed I just had to have more, happily I found Survivor, the only book of his that I hadn't read yet. Survivor is a ripping yarn!
As a very easy read that depicts the Vietnam War, The Things They Carried is a collection of events written as short stories combined together acting as one narrative. This novel is a combination of fiction and nonfiction with both the incorporation of real members of the Alpha Company, the company that O'Brien fought in, and some exaggerated details. In this haze of reality and imagination, the distinction between the two is difficult to tell, but it is what makes it interesting.O'Brien begins the novel with a very enticing account of what each soldier brought with him to Vietnam; however, the main point O'Brien is expressing is the one thing that everyone carried that burdened them the most, guilt; guilt from killing, guilt from deaths that could have been prevented, and guilt from weakness and fear. Many aspects of this novel deal with death and the guilt from these deaths. Chapters are dedicated to Norman Bowker and the heavy guilt that he is burdened with when he unintentionally kills Kiowa and when he gives up and does not save him. Years after the war, Bowker commits suicide because he felt that there was nothing to live for after the war. The war consumed his life.In one chapter, O'Brien discusses his emotions after he kills a Vietnamese man. He attempts to convey the guilt that he felt and the sorrow that dominated his mind. This subject stayed with him throughout the war and even with him years after the war. This guilt from murdering a man plagues him as depicted when he does not know how to respond to his daughter when she asks if he has ever killed anyone.This novel is well written and thoroughly illustrates the war and its consequences and effects. It gives a soldiers perspective of the war and how it greatly influences their lives. It also contains O'Brien's reflections of the war and his actions. Overall, this is an amazing book that portrays the Vietnam War through little narratives.
The cover of `All Quiet on the Western Front' proclaims it to be the `Greatest War Novel of All Time'.  And I think it has a good claim to the title.  Though I have read many a great war novel, the first person narrative and simple, descriptive prose gives this novel a powerful immediacy I have yet to experience in any other.  Like all great art, we feel we are there, terrified when stuck in a trench as enemy bombs go off all around us, a little bored when off the front, letting the minutes and hours and days crawl by.  Some may blanch at the graphic scenes, but it only adds to the effect, drawing us further in through its visceral pull, much as they do in, say, `Schindler's List'.  It is not gratuitous.  It is the most effective way to help one far removed from the actual events to feel them.The narrator is a German soldier named Paul Baumer.  He relates to us his experiences and those of a small band of his friends in the field of battle during World War I.  These are young men, fresh out of school, but the war alters them irrevocably.  They spend a lot of time talking - one feels this is almost as much a sort of therapy for them as it is a way to kill time- and in this way we come to see how the characters are different, yet the same.  They discuss what they will do when the war is over, and though they each have different ideas about what they want to do, they all seem to understand that they will have nothing to go back to, that they will be going back to a blank slate.  This is a heartbreaking dialogue, all the more for knowing that the odds are most of them won't get home alive anyway.  In another, a visit from the Kaiser instigates a discussion over the senselessness of the war, which they seem to fully understand even as they fight.  The modern American reader, used to having moral rationales for going to war, will probably want to yell at them, to scream at them to run away as far as they can.  But this book is also a lesson of the time when duty was not always something to be thought over.  They know they are there because the Kaiser has said so, because, "...every full-grown emperor requires at least one war."  The reader, like the soldiers, feels helpless.There are so many powerful scenes.  Soldiers walking to the front and seeing brand new coffins waiting for them.  The emotional high the narrator receives by merely sharing a goose with a friend.  His surreal visit home to his family where they have no clue what he has endured.  Getting stuck in a trench behind enemy lines, calculating his chances of survival.  I cannot do any of them justice by laying them out here.  The book must be read, and the events must unfold as Remarque wrote them, for it to be felt to its fullest effect.
fantastic enjoyed every page have read it twice and will go back for a third read too and I am sure I will enjoy it just as much
This is not the type of fiction I normally read, but after reading a brief review on Amazon, I decided to buy the book and try something new.  With each hour I read, I was so happy I made the choice to read this story.  The story is about choices with mine being rewarded with every chapter and every page.  Rather than write a typical review, I'd rather just say that this book is at the top of my favorites list and I have read hundreds.  Whether it was James Lee Burke, Lehane, Demille, Crais, Patterson, Coben or even Pat Conroy, this book is to my adult life what "The Catcher in the Rye" was to my adolescent life.  A truly marvelous novel that I will recommend to all.
I absolutely love books based on research, and besides the catchy name, that is the single biggest selling point for SPIN Selling. Rackham is a researcher by profession, and he wrote the book after conducting an extensive research effort and then testing his theories as best he could.The primary conclusions of Rackham's research are that people behave differently when making major purchases than they do when making minor purchases, so salespeople should adapt their approaches to this fact. He concludes that the best salespeople interview prospects carefully, and that, to sell high-ticket items, you must get the prospect to discuss both the pain associated with the problem at hand and the positive results of fixing that problem.While his conclusions aren't anything new (after all, he learned all of it by watching individual salespeople do their thing), Rackham's logical approach to proving his theories should help sales managers convince salespeople to stop talking and start asking questions - eliminating a fundamental mistake made by most salespeople.Anyone who is struggling with the sales appointment will find value in this book, because it proves you should ask questions instead of talking all the time. However, if you're looking for more than proof of what should occur, this book is probably not for you, because easily 85 percent of the content is devoted to proving the point, rather than to helping a salesperson learn how to fix the problem. In other words, Rackham stays true to his values by describing the situation, identifying the problem, demonstrating the implication and putting value to the payoff, but then falls short of actually providing the value he says is needed to keep customers happy. If you read SPIN Selling, you will definitely learn what's broken and should be fixed, but you will be left mostly to your own devices on how to fix it.Enjoy,Gill
This is a very well written,  well plotted book.  She is a fine writer and I enjoyed this thoroughly.  If you like crime fiction this woman with the serallier series is the best since the early patricia cornwall novels.  She is as good as PD James.
A wonderful story and beautifully written. Though obviously a children's book, In the Year of the Boar and Jackie Robinson does not use heavy-handed tactics to get points across. Bette Bao Lord describes Chinese customs and Shirley's reactions to American ways with subtlety and gravitas. The ending was perfect and poignant, and it moved me to tears.Every Chinese-American should read this book to get a sense of where they and their ancestors came from. Every American should read this book to better understand the immigrant perspective. Shirley's path from frightened newcomer to proud American is as exciting as it is confusing as she learns to navigate and acclimate to a strange new world while also holding on to what makes her Chinese.I am sure that my 5-year-old daughter would enjoy the illustrations by Marc Simont, and I am also fairly confident that she would appreciate Shirley's story. There are a few incidents of childhood bullying that I might have to edit if I were to read this book aloud to her now, but in any case, I am really looking forward to sharing In the Year of the Boar and Jackie Robinson with her.
Somewhat unusual story in some ways and rather common in other ways.  Well written and a nice tidy story in the end.
This short read is packed with a dozen case studies about real-life scuba accidents. The author has carefully described, analyzed, and dissected these cases, and often giving additional info about the specific context or piece of equipment used in that particular story. At the end of each short story there is a little checkup list - the morale - of the story, that summarizes the mistakes of the protagonists.It's an excellent complement for anyone doing dive rescue courses (which I am currently doing) as it illustrates the concepts in the book with example and concrete use cases. I gave only 4 stars because it's a nice little book to read, but nothing "essential", given that all the rules and knowledge it offers are already included in any decent rescue or advanced diving manual you can find.In short, worth a read for people that want to improve their confidence and skills to be ready when s* hits the fan, but essential read for open water divers and beginners that don't plan to continue education ever and just want to do a few dives per year in sunny Caribbeans.
Night by Elie WieselI have had Night sitting on my shelf for years. My mom bought it for me and read it right away. I stuck it on the shelf and forgot about it. Despite being Jewish, I've never been a fan of Holocaust literature, whether fiction or non-fiction. It's not that I'm not interested in learning about it. I definitely am. It's a part of my history and being informed is the way only I can inform others and explain away the misconceptions that people have about that period in history. Everything I know about the Holocaust is self-taught, because it was only glossed over in the history classes that I took. So for me, anything I read about it is in a capacity of educating myself.Night takes us through Mr. Wiesel's time in Buchenwald and Aucshwitz, during World War II. His simplistic writing style takes us through major events in such a way that we feel as if we are there. The simple language is deceiving, because usually that means something is easy to read, but in this case, it's not. The horrors he experienced are such that it makes hell seem like a walk in the park. Imagine being crammed in a train with hundreds of other people, not knowing where your next meal, if you can call it that, is going to come from. Imagine being surrounded by the dead and dying and not being able to give people a proper burial. He had no idea what happened to his mother and sister after they were separated.Night is the first in a trilogy that continues with Dawn and ends with Day. Wiesel has called these last two transition books. He has said "In Night, I wanted to show the end, the finality of the event. Everything came to an end - man, history, literature, religion, G-d. There was nothing left. And yet we begin again with night." I haven't decided yet if I will read the remaining two in the series. If I do, it will not be right now. Reading Night was difficult. I only read a few pages at a time, partially because I couldn't handle it and partially because I needed time to think between sections. It's a lot to take in all at once.The entire time I was reading it, I had Matisyahu's song, One Day, running through my head. If you haven't heard the song, stop now and listen to it.Okay. Now that you've listened to it, you can probably see why I had that song running through my head. I firmly believe Night should be required reading for everyone.5 out of 5 stars.Copy obtained from my personal library.
I received my book just days after I ordered it. It arrived in excellent condition. I'm very happy with my order and looking forward to yet another good read by Edward Rutherford!
Once again Indridason has put together a mystery and procedural that is more than the sum of its' parts.  A small earthquake opens up a fissure below a lake outside of Reykjavik.  A body is exposed that had been weighted down by an old receiving set,that turns out to be of Russian/USSRmanufacture from forty years ago.  There is a hole in the scull but not from a bullet.  Could this be a dead spy?Seems pretty straight forward but in the hands of Indridason, it's a masterpiece that seems to start at the middle and work to both the front and the end at the same time.  There are two stories unfolding simultan- eously: the first begins in Leipzig East Germany in the middle 1950 and works forward to the corpse, the second is the police procedural that works its' way back to the corpse.Spectacularly done and kudos to the translator who did a magnificent job of keeping the feel of 'icelandic noir' throughout the whole story.Zeb Kantrowitz
Three year old really enjoyed this book and was &#34;helping&#34; read the second time through!  A classic that kids can still enjoy today.
I actually got the html version of this book for free online.  I got this after I wasn't at all satisfied with my first crack of learning JAVA with Wiley's "JAVA in 60 minutes a Day".  After finishing that book, I suspected that A LOT of stuff was not covered this was also due to the fact the author just got plan lazy at the end.After reading the first few chapters of TIJ 3rd edition, I thought I may have a winner.  I was also and still considering getting Head first JAVA patterns, but since this book was free, I decided to go throught this one first.As I already said reading few the first few chapters kept me interested and more importantly, I finally felt that I was learning something.  The author uses pretty good examples and also more importantly, all of his code compiles and runs properly, which is more than I can say for other JAVA and other programming books in general that are rushed to the market.  This book has clearly gone through serious proof reading before publishing which makes reading and studying the code much less frustrating.  I can't tell you how frustrating it is to see a code snippet in a book only to compile it and it have snytax and Runtime errors all over the place.  I have not run into this problem with this book so far.  The only thing you have to do to some of the code is change the packages to match your own directory structure or better yet just use his verbatim.Now for my dislikes.  While this book seems to be very throrough, it can lead to VERY LOOOOONG chapters.  I am still on Chapter 11: Collections of Objects, and this is my 5th day on the same chapter.  Working anywhere from 8 - 10 hours / day, I don't have the time do a chapter a day.  When I first started this book I usually did a chapter with the excersises in a couple of days, now its more like a week.  One good thing about viewing this in a web browser is that there are no page numbers.  If I actually saw how many pages some of these chapters were in the book version I would be overwhelmed.  Even still the length of some of the chapters cause them to become boring and you may find yourself just wanting to rush through the last parts just so you can be done.  Whenever I feel myself getting like this, I take a break and come back to it later.  This forces me to to not "rush" through.  I have to do this becuase I am not trying to "zoom" through the book, I am taking my time and asorbing what the author is trying to teach.  I even started compiling and running his examples and actually going through each line of code to see what he's doing.  This is a must in some of the later chapters because there is some subtle code that you may miss if you just read it in the book. This is not one of those "Learn x in 1 day" books.  This will take time but in the end I think I will be satisfied.  I think this book would also make a good reference book if you forget how to do something due to the abundance of information.Another complaint is that his code is very hard to read at times due to his odd placement of curly braces ("{" and "}") and also he takes some shortcuts in his code occasionally.  I am coming from VB6 and C++ and in C++ I am accustomed to having my curly braces on different lines especialy with a class and function definition.  However he frequently uses this format:  (note: the tabbing is not captured below)class A  {private int i;public void f(){//do something.}}I would write the exact same class this way:  (again, tabbing is not captured.)class A{private int i;public void f(){//do something}}Of course both versions are perfectly fine, but it just comes down to a readability issue and what you are used to.  It may not seem like a big deal to begin with, but once the programs get more complicated, if you are used to my or one of your own styles his code will become very hard to read.  I ended up copying his code into Notepad and placing the braces as I am used to so I can more easily read the code.His writting is also very hard to read at times.  He frequently uses parenthesis to explain something else while he's still trying to explain what he was originally talking about. His overuse of parenthesis can throw you off your original thought if you are not careful.Examples:"As expected, arrays are faster than any container for random-access lookups and iteration. You can see that random accesses (get( )) are cheap for ArrayLists and expensive for LinkedLists. (Oddly, iteration is faster for a LinkedList than an ArrayList, which is a bit counterintuitive.) On the other hand,.....""You need to build only one container, and any Java object will go into that container. (Except for primitives, which can be placed in containers as constants using the Java primitive wrapper classes, or as changeable values by wrapping in your own class.) This is the second place where an array is superior to the generic containers: When you create an array, you create it to hold a specific type (which is related to the third factor--an array can hold primitives, whereas a container cannot). This means that you get compile-time ..."A final complaint is that he occassionally throws in some things in is sample code that he has not gone over yet.  Many times he explains what he does AFTER the code, but sometimes you are left wondering what the heck he just did, hoping that it would be covered in the next section or a later chapter.In summary this is a good book for me so far.  It can be time consuming, frustrating and boring in some places, but I think the author does a good job in teaching you.  As others have said this book is not for beginners and definetely not for someone who has no Object Oriented exposure with any language.  This is my second time "learning" JAVA and I am getting through it probably because I was already at least familiar with many of the things he teaches.  If this was my first run through it, I probably would be having a much, much harder time.  This book is doing a much better job than those watered down "Learn JAVA in 2 hours!" books.
What if you could travel through time, but not at will?  What if this time travelling was the result of an unknown and not understood genetic disorder?  What kind of life would this create?  This 'what if' is what makes this story so compelling.  We have a scenario which could never be explored in the 'real world', but in the novel world we can witness two people navigate the ups and downs of love and marriage in the midst of extraordinary circumstances.  This is the beauty of fiction, we can create any worlds and circumstances we wish and then explore the possibilities presented. This story is wonderfully unique because the time-traveler doesn't use a machine and he has no control over his movement through time.  Instead, we are asked to suspend our normal reality further and entertain time-travel through a 'fluke' of genetics.Without the creative twist of Henry's time-travelling this would be just another love story. Instead, this is a brilliant and unconventional story of ordinary love in extraordinary circumstances.
I had watched many movies about the Vietnam War, but I'd never read a book about it. James Webb's "Fields of fire" was my first choice because of the high-rated reviews and praising I found everywhere I looked for information on this book.James Webb was in Vietnam, so he knows what he's writing about. His style is simple and direct; he didn't intend to create a poetic or philosophical book about the war. "Fields of fire" is a very graphic and accurate portrait of the real people who fought against the vietnamese. Characters are not stereotyped, but rather a display of the many kinds of men who were in SE Asia, and their different motivations or reasons to be there at the time. Interestingly, there are not that many battle scenes, but rather the plot of the book is a fabric of human behaviour during a war, with occasional fighting and changes thrown in the middle.This book is considered very good because the reader can sense that everything in the pages is real. Another thing comes to my mind now: the final chapter (and the ending) is one of the most sensitive, believable and, therefore, appropriated final moment of a book dealing with war that I've ever read.Congratulations to the author, who created a fine book about a gruesome subject. This is one more lesson about humanity in a society that seems to be flunking Citizenship 101.Grade 9.3/10
this book covers pretty much everything about screenwriting.it teaches you  everything from structure,dialogue,characters,re-writes,but it makes it  kind of difficult for the novice screenwriter.the author talks to much and  confuses you.also as you read,there are excercises that you do.apperently  the author wants you to be working on a screenplay while reading this  book.bad idea.finish any book and then start your screenplay so you wont be  confused.
The series of books on flushes are great. Get them all and follow them. Your body and mind will change, will improve but you will never want to eat fast food again.
Just outside Reykjavik, Iceland, the draining of Lake Kleifarvatn uncovers a skeleton tied to a Cold War Russian radio device.  Police inspector Erlendur and his subordinates Elinborg and Oli investigate what is obviously a homicide.  With a hole in the skull and the technology employed is found that the murdered corpse was dumped in the early 1970s so they seek missing persons' cases from that era never solved.The case haunts Erlendur as does any missing person inquiry because it reminds him of his younger brother who vanished when they were children.  As they dig to identify the victim and from there hope to determine who the murderer is , the cops have hope for the former but none for the latter.  The culprit could be dead, in Russia, or elsewhere.The case provides readers with a deep look at the lonely Erlendur, who has spent a lifetime haunted by his sibling's vanishing; accentuated by the metaphoric "disappearance" of his two estranged children from his present life.  The look back to the Cold War at the University of Leipzig adds depth to the current investigation as well as a fascinating glimpse of academic politics.  Although the personal woes of Elinborg and Oli feel intrusive, police procedural fans will enjoy the latest Iceland investigation (see VOICES, JAR CITY and SILENCE OF THE GRAVE).Harriet Klausner
Being one of Thomas Harris' most dedicated fans, I purchased this novel upon the day of its release and eagerly gobbled up every sinewy morsel.  After finishing, completely in awe of Harris' work (as always), I was astonished that so many had been disappointed, even appalled, by this offering.  Speaking as one who has gone as far as to seek out and purchase first editions of all four Harris novels, I can say this..."Hannibal" was NOT as good as "The Silence of the Lambs"...this much is true.  Then again, "The Silence of the Lambs" wasn't as good as "Red Dragon" was.  But "The Silence of the Lambs" was still a fine novel and a fitting sequel to "Red Dragon"...just as "Hannibal" is a fitting final entry in the series.  What Harris has given us here is almost a parody, a caricature of Lecter as he appeared in the first two novels...and why not?  Now that Lecter is free, is it not plausible that he would be behaving quite differently than he did while confined?  As for one reviewer's note that Lecter has been transformed into a "psychopath-wizard-pharmacist-scholar-surgeon"...well, apart from being a wizard, Hannibal has always been skilled in anatomy (see the previous books for further elaboration on this point) and his training as a psychiatrist would certainly explain his knowledge of pharmaceuticals...and who can deny that the good doctor has ALWAYS been a scholar?  So, why is it that the same readers who believed Lecter capable of accurately depicting the Palazzo Vecchio and the Duomo (as seen from the Belvedere, mind you) solely from memory find his actions and capabilities in this novel so far-fetched?  Lecter's intelligence, let us remember, has never been successfully measured by any standardized testing.  As for Starling's actions in the book's closing chapters, she WAS under the influence of heavy drugs when she first bonded, shall we say, with Lecter...and, after learning the reasoning behind Lecter's cannibalism, she felt a certain kinship with him, and even an empathy for this man who was initially described to her as a monster.  And what this novel does so brilliantly is to bring to light the root source of Lecter's psychosis...something which had always been the subject of fierce doubt.  After all, people don't become serial killers (much less CANNIBALISTIC serial killers) without reason.  And the childhood trauma experienced by Lecter as a child in WWII Europe certainly explains well enough why the doctor has such a taste for human flesh.  And let's not forget that Thomas Harris didn't HAVE to write this novel.  He was at the peak of his popularity with "The Silence of the Lambs" after the film version prompted many to pick up the novel at their local bookstores...he had written three #1 best-selling novels, all of which were adapted for the screen, and he was living the good life in Italy, feeling no financial or career-oriented pressure.  He never had to write another word as long as he lived.  He had earned his living, and he'd certainly made his mark.  This novel was a GIFT from Mr. Harris to us, his loyal fans worldwide.  It's a gift which I, personally, had been waiting YEARS for...and I loved every word of it...
I really enjoyed reading this, it was a story I hadn't come across before - and the style was engaging and enjoyable to read. The one thing some people might find off-putting was the end... very 'post-modern' in that you are left hanging. I would definitely have read on. The main character is very engaging and the story moves quite quickly.  Atwood is a gifted author.
John Wooden is a legendary basketball coach and teacher. His unsurpassed success as a basketball coach has its roots in his teachings which is written in this book. As a start, he outlines his famous Pyramid of Success:1)Industriousness (hard work)2)Friendship3)Loyalty4)Cooperation (be interested in finding the best way, not in having your own way)5)Enthusiasm6)Self Control7)Alertness8)Initiative9)Intentness (Being determined and persistent)10)Condition (practice moderation)11)Skill (knowedge and ability)12)Team Spirit13)Point14)confidence (Preparation and proper perspective)15)Competitive GreatnessBeing around 90 years old, however, John Wooden is a big proponent (perhaps because he doesn't know otherwise) of the Old School. For example, he empasizes values over victory, character over talent, and love over competition. He doesn't even believe in recruiting basketball players. He also believes any basketball player with moral, ethical, or attitude issues should not be offered a scholarship (not at his program anyway). All this is fine, and I personally don't disagree. His ideas, however, are somewhat outdated in our hyper competitive results-oriented society. Take NCAA basketball, how many coaches are fired for not graduating its players? Very few. Most are fired, however, if they fail to notch enough wins.I still think this is a very good book to buy. Especially to youngsters and teenagers, that is, if you would like to learn lessons from an Old School teacher.
A fantastic book about how the accountants or the intent to tweak and alter the books, and their ways of making the books look elegant enough. Details on how to spot these tricks. Must read!! Who said SARBOX is good enough!!
So I must admit, I DO love time travel, it was what intruiged me most about this book to begin with. But once I picked it up and started,I COULD NOT put it down. The characters are so strong, and you fall in love with Jamie Fraser,I was willing to travel back to the highlands myself to search for him.  It was cleverly written and once I started I didn't stop.There are so many amazing twists and turns and the romance is so vivid and real...I loved it. Its not a typical romance novel, its just a good old fashioned story.
I loved this book and have recommended it to countless friends.  I was inspired not only by the author's bravery in recounting her story, but also with her leap of faith.  I could not put this book down!The author's faith journey began with a serendipitous decision to buy a statue of Mary.  From that first statue, the author was called to buy more Mary icons to fill her house.  Her journey eventually led her to Medjugorje where she had a spiritual awakening.  This book was a beautifully written memoir.
An examination of marriage and forgiveness and of the Western United States is quite a combination in one book, but Stegner does it.  I do not think there is a better writer.  Also, try Stegner's Crossing To Safety.  It's almost as good.
Great entertainment, humerous, insightful, easy to read, and, I suspect, more than an element of truth to how our government works.
I really enjoyed the characters in this story.  It was a good mystery and the Irish &#34;fairy tales&#34; were a bonus.  Our book club is reading it now and I am looking forward to a good discussion.
The year 1066 is so important, so vital to the course of European history, but somehow we manage to reduce it to "the Battle of Hastings."  That is largely what I was expecting with this short history by David Howarth, a popular historian better known for his takes on more recent history, including World War II and the Battle of Trafalgar.  But the most popular battle of the Norman invasion takes up only one chapter of the book, with much of the rest providing a cultural and social history within which you can get a better understanding of the historical arc of the entire year.Before Howarth jumps into any history, however, he gives sets up a picture of daily life in a village called Horstede, which happens to be where King Harold first learned about William's invasion across the English Channel.  A rudimentary description of the feudal system is given in the first few chapters replete with earls and thanes.  We get a discussion of English and Norman politics, including William's motive to invade in the first place, a topic which requires some psychological second-guessing.  Howarth seems to think that Edward had somehow promised William the throne in the last years of his life, and was nonplussed when Harold was immediately selected by the Witenagemot, the Anglo-Saxon advisory council that served the king.And to confuse political matters even more, there is another Harald - Harald Hardrada, King of Norway (but note the difference in spelling) - who also thought that he had a solid claim to the throne, and was invited to invade English by Harold's estranged brother Tostig, earl of Northumbria.  Harald Hardrada and Tostig both die in what is maybe the penultimate battle of the Norman invasion, the Battle of Stamford Bridge.I said "historical arc" above because in the year 1066, Edward the Confessor dies (January 5th), Harold takes the thrown on the very same day, the Norman invasion is won and lost, and William "the Conqueror" takes the thrown again on December 25th.  That's three monarchs in one year - and four if you count the fifteen-year-old Edgar the Aetheling, who held the throne for about two months before being forced to remit it to William.  That's a busy year.This isn't model academic history.  There are no footnotes, and there is a lot more conjecture - sometimes couched in the language of verifiable historical record - than I am usually comfortable with.  I would approach this as I would any book of popular history: take it with a grain of salt and depending on how interested you are in the subject, consult more scholarly sources.  My only complaint about the book is that there is quite a bit of detailed battle strategy (this flank was left exposed, a certain person went Berserk at Stamford Bridge) which I think could have been put to better use in explaining the politics or cultural life; these parts didn't hold my interest as much.  But for all of that, it is engagingly written, and serves as a nice foot in the door for those who want to learn about the major events and the important near-contemporary historians (like William of Malmesbury) through which we know much of what happened that year.
Mix Cellini is a gym equipment repair man of limited intellect but with a vivid imagination which, at the present time, is focused on the murders of Reginald Christie, the incredibly evil man who killed and THEN raped a large number of women in London in the 1940's. Mix is obsessed with the way Christie killed the women and then buried them, either in graves in his garden or in the wall cavities in his home.Mixs' other main obsession is a beautiful, black model who is the subject of his fantasies and whom he stalks on every possible occasion.Mix occupies the attic flat in the huge, mouldering house owned by Gwendolen Chawser, an old, eccentric spinster who lives among dirt and decay, and whose escape from reality is in her collection of fine books which she reads incessantly. Mix meets and brings home with him, a young girl whom he kills after a minor argument. He then thinks of how  Christie would dispose of the body and emulates his methods, his mind and imagination fuelling a fast track to a nervous breakdown. He decides to get rid of Gwendolen in the same way after she becomes suspicious of his connection with the young girl who is now listed as a missing person. It is his plan to kill Gwendolen which proves to be his downfall.I thoroughly enjoyed this latest Ruth Rendell novel and would recommend it to all of her fans.
This is a book I discovered when looking for patterned language books for my  elementary remedial reading and writing students. I created a list of Important Words from The Important Book, a vocabulary list! We also brainstormed other nouns that would fit in the categories with the important things. We then wrote our own versions of the book with the students selecting an item brainstormed for each corresponding page. This book has helped facilitate IMPORTANT learning experiences!!! It is ageless and timeless. A true treasure!!!!!
During the twentieth century a giant of American letters roamed the earth.John Steinbeck, distinguished by both the Pulitzer and the Nobel Prizes, made his writing read so easily his books often challenged any that ventured his way with capturing the reason for the author's efforts.His love of life and the joy he evinced describing anything he stumbled upon were so apparent as to, as in 'Travels with Charley' entice the reader to seek the author out to discover how truly good his coffee might be.  Steinbeck's masterful description of his preparation of a pot for a guest began with his intriguing notation that he was going to 'cook' some coffee.  And indeed he did, so strong it smelled right off the page.Choosing to construct the work by including his pet french poodle Charley in the adventure may well have been a developement unplanned.  Certainly, Charley's apparent lapse into insanity upon coming to face with bears in Yellowstone was surprisingly shocking to Steinbeck.  That Charley's ancestors were the hunting dogs of French Kings in centuries gone by was a path of delight it would have been for that author to examine.The racial tensions that close the final chapters explain Steinbeck's journey ending so abruptly in Virginia.  Even gifted talents such as his cannot change history.  And Steinbeck was riding his pickup right into it.  It would have been even more satisfying if instead of his riding into history, the great man had decided to write into it.Much in America has changed in the four plus decades that have followed the publication of his search for America.  The differences alone are worth opening the book.Library editions include comprehensive lists of his life's writings.  Notable among them sits a work he categorized as a fabrication, The Moon Is Down, documented as the inspiriation for clandestine operations employed by Winston Churchill in specific secret sorties during WWII.Steinbeck might have laughed at the idea of positioning works by labeling the efforts with a meagre system of stars.  But he would have agreed to accept smaller magnitudes of clusters identified in the swarming galaxies across the heavens.Surely, he would have allowed a reviewer to suggest that 'Travels with Charley'  in the vastness of literature was then worthy of a small cluster of stars.  One can imagine he would be thankful that such a suggestion might even point to the Glory that such light declares.TL Farley,author,Distant Reaches-autobiography from a Pub in Ireland to a State Police interrogation.
Bellow's esteemed novella is a marvel of immanently crafted, modern realism. Situated within the course of a day, Bellow brings us into the life of Tommy Wilhelm, a middle-aged failure who is looked down upon by his father, his ex-wife, and just about everybody else. When he is propositioned with an opportunity by a true snake-oil-salesman to play in the stock market, Tommy's fortunes fall even farther into disrepair. Bellow's prose is beautifully ornamented with a textured sense of detail-and there is genuine pathos to be found here-but I can't help but feel unmoved by the self-conscious sense of the epiphanic structure Bellow imposes. A fine work nevertheless.
This is a wonderful book to fill my curiosity and knowledge gap about the inner workings of the network OSI layers.  The chapters are loosely organized to follow the OSI layers, from switching fabrics to the application layer, and dives into a highly technical topic on each one.  This can be used as a reference book.Overall I recommend this book because you will gain a deeper understanding of networks under the hood - the "why" questions.  What were the designers thinking?  Here it is..
I received mine by e-book.  Fantastic bunch of stories. Trouble is, they're SO good I'm halfway through the bundle in just two weeks!  Darn, I hope Lee is writing like mad--I'll need a refill soon.
I was disappointed with the movie - had looked forward to seeing it but felt it was shallow and there must have been a lot of compromises. I saw that the book is a 'movie tie-in' and then figured it was the exact same thing as the movie but in text format. I was wrong. This is a strong and interestingly rocky story of aging. The movie people absolutely should have followed the book. I guess they just think they are showing to morons and have to make everything easily "understandable". I highly recommend this one!
By now, Joe Celko's books have become SQL programming standards.  This title, "SQL for Smarties" is now in its 4th edition, and covers a wide mix of things a SQL programmer would want to know about, after learning the basics of SELECT..WHERE, such as date/time math, advanced queries, and odds and ends like calculating medians across records.With books like "SQL for Smarties", which have been around long enough, readers have the choice of paying for the newest edition or saving their money by buying an older edition.  I happen to own the second edition, and I notice that material from that edition has been re-arranged, and several new chapters have been introduced.  Unless one requires something available only in the latest edition, I recommend finding an older edition.To put this review in context, I have many years of experience writing in procedural programming languages, but only occasionally develop SQL code.
If you are not familiar with Jodi Picoult, you must read this book. She will touch your heart and mind. You will laugh and cry. And you will want to read all of her books.
Carley Garner writes another instructive trading book; this time on commodities trading. This new book,  published by the Financial Times,  is seemingly up-to-date for the present volatility in the commodities market. She starts out with the current conditions, moving into a twenty (20) pages history and description of the CME Group and then to an enlightening contrast of hedging and speculation. Taking the reader into the trading pit, Garner then acquaints the reader with actually opening an account and how to chose a brokerage firm fit for one's service level. She deals with order types and quotes on grain, meats, metals, precious metals and energies. Her analysis on reading the financial futures through the stock prices, interest rates  and currency pricing makes one sensitive to the vagaries of the shifting numbers. She identifies margin, its uses, how to deal with the ominous margin call and ends with the slang/lexicon of the commodities market place. This is a book to keep handy during the trading day.
I have read some of Berg's other novels, and this was not her best.  However, this was an interesting look at a woman's  struggle to rebuild her life.  The ending is no big surprise, as our a lot of the events in the story, but it holds your interest and I am glad that I have read it.
A very well crafted tale of horror, suspense, and an understanding of the psychological minutia of relationships which I read in one sitting. If you, dear reader, are interested in psychiatry, the place of scientists and science in the modern world, scientific fashion, obsessive behaviour,  religious faith, love, jealousy, murder, moral choices, guilt, and fear  then this is the book for you. It's also funny eg, '&quot; I'll tell you in  four words and nothing more.  Someone wants to kill me.&quot; In the  silence everyone, including me, totted up the words.'(p216) But if there is  a common theme binding all these elements together, it's that no matter how  well educated or intelligent you are there is no escaping the strait-jacket  of your feelings, and its these feelings, of cowardice, of guilt, of fear,  of the protaganist, Joe Rose, which propel the story forward in true  Hitchcockian manner. The effects of love going sour, the hilarity of buying  a gun from ex-hippies, the strangeness of an ordinary day turning weird are  some of the many highlights of this book.
I really enjoyed The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time.  I've never known anyone with autism or studied it so it was fascinating to be suddenly dropped into an autistic first-person narration. I think the intention was to show how differently and similarly someone with autism thinks, the reasons behind actions other people don't understand, the extra strain on family dynamics and how difficult it is to live in a world where people predominately don't think like you do. Everything was so methodical, rational and logical and yet most people responded by thinking Christopher was stupid, crazy or bizarre. I've never read a novel with this POV before and I think it was well done how Haddon balanced everything. On one hand, everything Christopher does seems perfectly logical because we're sucked into the narrative but peoples' reactions and Siobhan's (his teacher) coaching to keep a compare/contrast going throughout to show how different Christopher thinks from the other characters' in the novel.Again, I don't know much about autism. I just know that this was well-written and very different from any fiction I've read before.
This is a great kids pirate story! It rhymes and moves along very quickly - th epictures are great with lots of fun little details...and I love the Big Sister/Little Brother moral at the end.  My three year old begs me to read and re-read this one over and over!
This is perhaps the best book on the subject and out distances Zimm's True History of the U. S.  mainly because it is current taking in the past 120 years. Stone should be proud of this work and for the ten part series on PBS. Actually he's done many young minds a service by understandting the other side of the coin.
This is an excellent book to use in the classroom.  I teach 6th grade, and Seedfolks provides a lesson on overcoming differences and working together to build unity.  Each chapter is told through the viewpoint of one of the people in the neighborhood, each of whom comes from a different ethnic group.  Through their efforts, the people in the neighborhood cultivate a garden, improve the appearance of their neightborhood and build a sense of community.
Back in December 2013 I reviewed Karl Ove Knausgaard&#8217;s &#8220;My Struggle &#8211; Book One, A Death In The Family&#8221; and spoke highly of his attention to the most trivial of details, the minutiae which makes up our daily existence. How often does a novel go into such triviality? Of course taking three pages to describe the ordering of a takeaway cup of coffee could be considered frustrating, but when you&#8217;re struggling with the reasons for existence it could well be the minor details which shape the person we are. A &#8220;novel&#8221; which constantly reads like an open sore of a biography, how on earth is it so gripping?Book two of Karl Ove&#8217;s six book series, moves from his struggle with his father&#8217;s death from alcoholism to his move from Norway to Sweden and his falling in love and having children. My edition is 573 pages and basically starts and ends with our writer taking his children to a broken down fair ground, but it is the flashbacks to how his children came into being and his reactions to becoming a family man that is the real story here. Or the story of Karl Ove&#8217;s struggle to just be a good person is probably more to the point.For my full review go to [...]
Jean Rhys, the troubled author who was far ahead of her time in the 1920's, felt a strange kinship with Antoinette or Bertha Mason, the madwoman locked in the attic in Bronte's "Jane Eyre." From the first time Rhys read "Jane Eyre" she knew she would someday write her story because she felt she'd lived it.Like Antoinette, Rhys grew up in the Caribbean, a troubled and hermetic world of Creoles, colonists and former slaves. Antoinette is truly a loner--the reversal of family fortunes causes her to be rejected by her own people, and despised by those who previously were on a lower rung of society. Throughout the novel, Antoinette is used, buffeted and never in charge of her own life. She feels that, as a woman, she is an object, not a person. As a woman, she is not in charge of her ultimate destiny, and this provides the conflict for the novel. Her madness is only an extension of this isolation and rejection.What makes Rhys a masterful novelist is her use of conversation and immediate events to describe the world in which Antoinette lives. There are no long passages of exposition; we see the world only through the eyes of the characters, mostly at the same time that they experience it. However, the immediate events and conversation or narration are so cleverly constructed that the reader sees through the narrator's eyes and can really see and feel the surroundings. This intimate point of view puts the reader in the skin of the character, but can be a bit confusing because we cannot always rely on the veracity of the narration. The point of view itself switches in the novel from first person to third person, in the second part, and back to first in the third and final portion, where Antoinette is locked in the attic.The novel is in no way a re-write or version of "Jane Eyre." In "Jane Eyre", the madwoman is not really a character--she's a symbol for evil, for carnal and worldly desires yielded to without regard for the soul. "Wide Sargasso Sea" develops the madwoman into a character. Rhys slyly copies the beautiful symmetry of "Jane Eyre", where events occur in a sort of repetition; in "Jane Eyre", the heroine must leave a hostile home and find a haven, which then becomes hostile because it fails to nourish her soul with love (Gateshead, Lowood, Thornfield and then Marsh House. Only when Jane can marry her Mr. Rochester on HER terms, does she find a true home.) In "Wide Sargasso Sea", Antoinette's home burns twice, a similar use of symbolism, here representing rejection by the world."Wide Sargasso Sea" is often listed as a "must-read" book --it certainly is a unique book and was far ahead of its time when Rhys wrote it. It's really worth reading.
As a travel book and a literary work this is very good (I hesitate to say  excellent) and I think every American, as well as anyone interested in  America, should read it. The problem is that it has no plot so things can  get draggy, and events aren't wrapped up nicely as in fiction (like the  deserted motel he comes across). Memorable characters don't stay for more  than half a chapter.But there're lovely descriptive scenes, enough to  make me want to run down to New England and Montana right away in the  autumn; there're insightful observations and analyses (admittedly cliched  and sentimental) and there's humour, a humour that's just as willingly  directed inward at himself as outward at his journey.
Well written, gritty and a great look from the eyes of a soldier that was in the thick of it.
Good supplement to progress with babies and kids as they grow older and sign more words. Easy to find words and understand the signs.
I picked up J.M. Coetzee's book "Slow Man" after seeing it appear on one of the older NY Times Notable Books lists.  I had read a number of his books including Disgrace but not for a while so I was interested to see how this one was. And I was super impressed with this book and read it in almost one sitting. Coetzee writes with such a flourish and with such attention to detail that you feel as if you really get to know the characters in an intimate way.  In Slow Man, we are introduced to a man named Paul who was out biking one day in his town in Australia and is hit by an erratic driver. He and his bike fly through the air and he ends up having his leg amputated.  This happen early on in the book and the rest of the story focuses on Paul's recovery and how he gets used to living back in his apartment crippled by his injury. Paul declines to have a prosthesis fitted and as a result needs a lot of home care early. He eventually is sent a woman named Marijana who hails from Croatia and we see Paul becoming attracted to her to the point where he wants to provide for her kids' educational expenses-a move which angers Marijana's husband.  In what I think was the weirdest part of the book, an older woman magically appears at Paul's doorstep and begins dispensing advice to him--none of which he really wants or cares for.  At this point the book wanders around a bit as we are introduced to Marijana's son Drago who is in need of some direction in life which Paul attempts to provide. Coetzee really does a great job bringing the reader into Paul's mind in a deep way. His struggles to live a "normal" life, his desire to not take much help from his caregivers so he can go it alone as much as possible, and his loneliness as a result of not being able to maneuver as well as he used to be able to.  I highly recommend Slow Man both for fans of J.M. Coetzee and for those looking for a good, easy, and tender read.
Executive Summary: This book is not a reference text but it will get you to the point where you're crunching code and pulling references from the web as needed.I've messed with CUDA, but am headed towards OpenCL.  At first, it wasn't an intentional drift but the bit coin miners are written in OpenCL.  After getting my mining rig going I ended up with OpenCL and the python libraries for exploiting it installed on my computer.  So, OpenCL wormed its way into my infrastructure.  Might as well play with it.The key issue for me is that OpenCL runs on lots of hardware but CUDA is nvidia only.  Also, it looks like nvidia is finally starting to throw more support behind OpenCL.  So, even though CUDA has a big head start over OpenCL, I plan on switching over to OpenCL exclusively.  I don't want to get locked into a single vender or line of hardware.Anyways...this book is way more AMD centric than nvidia.  That's to be expected because two of the authors work for AMD.  That's also one of the great things about this book.  The authors are the real deal.  They aren't just writing about OpenCL.  They're writing about what they do for a living.  As such, the details the examples are pretty good and there is good attention to the details that matter.All in all, I'm pleased with this book as it met my intro-level OpenCL needs.  No, I have not written a faster miner - but I understand the existing ones better now.
The language in this novel is simple but very expressive. People with many different levels of reading ability will enjoy it. Charcteristic of some of our greatest writers reading and understanding Ha Jin's work is effortless. Not the least pretentious in his writing Ha Jin who was born and raised in China amazes. His command of the English language which he learned as an adult is marvelous.  Unlike Conrad who chose to write in English, his second language, he avoids long complicated sentences and wording that drives the reader to the unabridged dictionary. This lovely tale describes life and social mores in China on the cusp of its change to a capitalist society. The protagonist, Lin, is a passionless man who never feels great love for any woman or anyone.He comports with all the requirements of a good highly educated communist,but he never rises to the level of success a man with his native  intellect should. He lacks leadership skills on some levels. He is uncomfortable taking risks and therefore never does. He is considerate with his subordinates, but he lacks originality and passion. We are offered a glimpse at the changes in China's society.  Where it was once evil to make a profit, be creative and individual, those traits are now being rewarded. Lin cannot adjust to these changes.  He is rigid in many ways.  This story revolves around Lin's relationship with his country wife Shuyu and his city girlfiend Manna. He is embarrased that shuyu has bound feet.  However, he finds Manna's more worldly demands annoying. He seems to want a mate who is worldy like Manna and submissive and undemanding like Shuyu.  He does not even feel a fervant passion for his daughter,Hua, which is almost unnatural.  However, he cares enough for her that he moves her to the city as soon as possible so she does not live the hard life of a farmer in a country village. He also does not understand why in modern China families value boys so much more than girls.  He even prefers that his only child is a girl.  I wondered that,perhaps, he was a closet homosexual closeted even from himself. Homosexuality is probably not accepted among the Chinese.  However, he didn't have passion for men either. He was a doctor with a university medical degree, one of only three in his regional hospital.  He has empathy for the suffering of others except for those closest to him.  When Manna has a terrible time giving birth to their twins, he runs out of the room.  The screaming is more annoying and embarassing to him than upsetting.  He is simply an unfeeling man in many ways. Our glimpse at China offers the frightening details that one becomes an obstetrician after attending a year and a half of trade school.  In the U.S. a midwife has a great deal more schooling.  Additionally, he performs surgery by directing a team of surgeons who don't have medical degrees. He as well as many adult workers at the hospital share rooms with two or more people.  Only married couples have private quarters. China now realizes that capitalism is the road to a higher standard of living for everyone.  While the communist revolution was neccesary to equalize educational opportunities, reduce famine, and provide a semblance of the neccessities like food, housing, and medical care to the majority, it has outlived its usefulness. China is now a socialist country trying to improve everyon'e standard of living.  Increasingly it more closely resembles a capitalist country. In Waiting we see one individual's turmoil as the rules change like shifting sands under his feet.  It is particularly troubling to him, because he has no strong family bonds and can't confide in anyone about his personal difficulties with the change. After reading Waiting, I intend to read all Ha Jin's novels including his newest "War Trash".  Waiting is a quick read. It is a good vacation or beach book with a serious subject that can be finished in three hours.  If you like Pearl S. Buck, you will like Ha Jin's novels too.
George Bevan, burgeoning young american musical composer, fancies himself a knight-in-shining-armor when in the middle of Piccadily Circus a fair maiden flings herself into his cab to escape the obese pursuit of the dragon - her brother Percy, heir to the family title and vigilant protector of the family name. Our hero's fair lady Maud does indeed live trapped within the tower of Castle Belpher to which he repairs in swift pursuit of happiness.George will face grim prospects in scheming servants, an evil aunt, a kindly but aunt-dominated Lord Marshmoreton and worst of all the fact that Maud is in love with another. The whole setting has obvious similarities to Blandings for those familiar with the Lord Emsworth stories. I wasn't roaring with laughter, but I was attached to the characters and couldn't put the book down. It is hard to say which book is a good introduction to Wodehouse because they are all so good!
When it came time for FDR to appoint the first chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, he selected Joseph P. Kennedy, a well-known stock market operator and speculator, presumably on the theory "it takes one to know one."  Well, it was a good choice, and the SEC got off to a good start, its reputation and effectiveness not only lasting, but increasing for several decades.  Unfortunately, in the last 10 years or so, this has not been the case, as theoretical economists and attorneys have led the regulator far afield from protecting investors, the original intent of the '33 and '34 Acts.As a result many new rules have been instituted changing the investment climate, and this treatise indicts many of them, especially what has become known as high frequency trading ("HFT"), a method that allows "front running," something that was always illegal.  The authors, two well-known institutional traders, have been conducting a long-standing effort to do something about the practice for several years.  Their contention, of course, is that HFT is destroying investor confidence and portfolios, in general, by allowing these practioners to scalp trades with advance order knowledge and steal (often literally) pennies which mount up to millions of dollars.It should be noted that conflicts of interest have always been present on Wall Street:  Was the broker who sold you that stock acting in your or his best interest?  But generally, the markets worked, companies were able to raise money, the public could amass stocks for savings and retirement.  At present, however, the authors contend that this is not the case, especially when the very institutions (the SEC, NYSE, NASDAQ and other regulators) are more interested in profits and speed and volume than in the orderly markets of the past.Read it and weep.Recommended.
This is exactly the kind of book that is very useful to me as an executive coach. While most often, my work involves exploratory, developmental conversations, it also involves what amount to sound bites - a quick question, a quick bit of advice. Robbins book is perfect for those moments. It's well-researched and though-provoking. Each of the 59 truths can serve as a quick response and can also lead to a long, deep conversation. I would recommend this to managers who want to improve their leadership skills. It could be used as a reference in any leadership development program. I can give this as a gift to clients. They could read and reflect on one truth a day during their next 59 commutes.
Joshua Lawrence Chamberlain and William Oates, commanders of the 20th Maine and the 15th Alabama respectively, were involved in multiple battles during the American Civil War. They were warriors of the first order. But no contest they engaged in had more riding on their efforts than their July 2, 1863 battle at Little Round Top when they faced each other during the Gettysburg Campaign. The 15th Alabama had never before been defeated in battle. Some say the 20th Maine's victory saved the Union, making their fight the most important single unit engagement of the war. One thing is for certain. Chamberlain's final bayonet charge swept the 15th before it and saved those critical heights for the Union. The final brigade on the Union left had held, setting the stage for the third and final day of those three days of battle.Mark Perry has written a very engaging book, a double biography that traces each man's life against the backdrop of the Civil War and its aftermath. Both were engaged in too many battles to keep track of. For Oates his major engagements included the Valley Campaign, Cross Keys, Gaines's Mill, Malvern Hill, Antietam, Fredericksburg, Chancellorsville, Second Bull Run, Gettysburg, Chickamauga, Knoxville, the Wilderness, Spotsylvania, Cold Harbor and finally Petersburg. Losing an arm south of Drewry's Bluff he would survive the war. War's end would find him a one armed volunteer for Joe Johnston's Carolina forces just prior to the Battle of Benton. For Chamberlain, his record is similar to include the aftermath of Antietam, Fredericksburg, Chancellorsville, Gettysburg, the Wilderness, Spotsylvania, Cold Harbor, Petersburg (where he had "a hole shot clean through him" sideways, from hip to hip), the Weldon Railroad, Five Forks, Sailor's Creek and Appomattox. Appointed by Grant, he received the surrender of Robert E. Lee's Army of Northern Virginia at Appomattox by Confederate General John B. Gordon in a ceremony Chamberlain ensured was marked with distinct respect for his defeated countrymen.Chamberlain was a farmer, who conquered stuttering to become a language Professor at Bowdoin College. After the war Chamberlain became Governor of Maine, President of Bowdoin College, was hyper active in veterans affairs and assisted both Gouverneur Warren and FitzJohn Porter in redressing war time wrongs suffered by each. He supported Radical Republicanism and women's suffrage but was outspoken against the temperance movement.  He favored denying Freedmen the right to vote. He sought to reenter the army to fight in the war with Spain but was rejected. Unfulfilled was his desire to serve Maine in the US Senate.Oates was a self made man, a vagabond throughout the Coastal South and Texas frontier in his early life, who became an influential Alabama lawyer prior to the breakout of hostilities. After the war he, too, was active in veteran's affairs and entered politics, fighting reconstruction while serving in the Alabama legislature. Elected to Congress he served multiple terms, resigning to become Governor of Alabama. He served as Brigadier General of Pennsylvania troops during the war with Spain but never saw combat. Like Chamberlain his desire to serve Alabama in the US Senate went unfulfilled. At the end of his career he fought Alabama's enforced segregation laws but lost.Strangely, these antagonists, who both went on to become Governors of their respective States, who led such similar lives after the war and who had so very many friends in common, never met. With the passage of time they logically should have had a chance at the subsequent friendship that marked the relationships of so many of the other former antagonists. That would not be the case. Their last exchange via letter was harsh, revolving around where on Little Round Top the monument to the 15th Alabama should be placed. Oates wanted the monument placed closer to the crest, the high point of the 15th's repeated charges as he remembered them. Chamberlain noted the monument's placement would indicate his lines were pierced and strenuously disagreed.Amazingly, after almost 40 years neither man had changed the fundamental positions they carried into battle July 2, 1863. There would be no softening, no conciliation and no compromise. Oates was an unreconstructed rebel, strongly outspoken, who believed the South correct in their right to leave the Union. He made numerous speeches and statements to that effect, most notably at the dedication of the Chattanooga and Chickamauga National Battlefield. For his part, Chamberlain believed the war was fought to end treason. To him it would always be that simple.Chamberlain won their second engagement as well. There is no monument to the 15th Alabama on Little Round Top.
This is about Queen Elizabeth and it is a wonderful history lesson to know about, This is about her life
Another very good book with applicable strategies.  After reading Sincere's Understanding Stocks book I began employing a couple of the methods that the book talks about and made money.  As with everything else practice in a PaperMoney Trading account first to make sure that you understand what you read before you trade real money and still be watchful.
I do love all of the books in the Chronicles of Narnia and recommend all of them to everyone. This book is actually my personal favorite of the Chronicles. You must read it.
WESTERN WIND is an outstanding introduction to poetry.  When I was an undergraduate, it was assigned as our main textbook for an introduction to poetry class.  It contains information about every aspect of poetry you can think of, allowing it to serve either as a cover-to-cover introduction or as a reference manual.  Since there are no images of the book, I've provided a bit of the book's contents:Chapter One: The Role of the Senses, The Specific ImageChapter Two: Simile and Metaphor, AnalogyChapter Three: Synecdoche, Metonymy, The Symbol, Thing-Poems, Allegory,Chapter Four: Antipoetry, Paradox, Irony, Understatement-The Witheld Image, OverstatementChapter Five: The Role of Emotion, Sense and SentimentalityChapter Six: Living Words, Less is MoreChapter Seven: Vowels, ConsonantsChapter Eight: Language as Mimicry, A Reason for Rhyme?, Off-Rhyme, The Music of PoetryChapter Nine: Rhythm, Repetition as Rhythm, The Rhythm of Accent, A Note on Scansion, Iambic Pentameter, Variations on Iambic, Meter and Rhythm, Line LengthChapter Ten: Other Syllable-Stress Rhythms, Strong-Stress Rhythms, Sprung Rhythms, A Word About Quantity, Syllabic Meter, Free Verse, Free Rhythms, The Variable Foot, Concrete Poetry, The Prose PoemChapter Eleven: The Sentence, Use of Connectives, Parallelism, Sentence Structure, Levels of Language, New Words, New LanguageChapter Twelve: Fixed Stanza Forms, Fixed Forms for Poems,Chapter Thirteen: Common Sense, Uncommon SenseChapter Fourteen: Inspiration and EffortAs you can see, there is plenty here to sink your teeth into.  Along the way, each chapter contains exercises designed to help you master the concepts you are learning in each section.  Additionally, there are hundreds of examples, from great works of poetry, sprinkled throughout the pages, illustrating points and providing inspiration.  To top it all off, the last two hundred pages of the book are an anthology of great poetry.  The resource is amazing simply for the anthology.  I highly recommend this book to anyone interested in learning how to write better, either poetry or something else.  There is much to be learned from these pages.
A beautifully written story from the female point of view in the Arthurian period. I was captivated from the first page as  author wrote in a superb, beautiful, and mesmerizing style. One of the best depth of characters that I have read, ever. I couldn't stop reading this book, and at the same time I hated for it to end.This is a 5+ star book. One of the best books ever written. Highly recommended!
The SummaryPersonality Not Included (PNI), a new book by Rohit Bhargava, SVP of Digital Strategy at Ogilvy, is about why companies lose their authenticity and how they can get it back by injecting, what he calls, personality. Through examples from companies with and without personality Rohit lays out the foundation for this new macro trend that encapsulates many of the best ideas in business today; authenticity, word of mouth and social media.The AudienceThis book will appeal to readers that have loved books by Seth Godin and Chris Anderson; it is part call to action and part practical guide. People interested in the current trends in business today from social media to word of mouth will find a fascinating macro trend that will add a new dimension to the current business environment. Unfortunately I think the people that most need to read this book; companies in desperate need of personality; will miss this book since it doesn't fit into their business-as-usual world. Buy this and send it to the next faceless company CEO that treats you, the customer, as a nobody hiding behind corporate platitudes.The DetailsPNI is about the end of the faceless corporation. In this age of social media, long tails and word of mouth the consumer wants products and services from companies with "personality". No longer is it acceptable to focus on metrics, efficiency and scalability if it's at the expense of customers.PNI doesn't just highlight the problem but walks through a set of tools to imbue personality into organizations; not to say that if you are making a crappy product you can add personality and make it a best-seller.This is one of the most unique business books I have read in a long time and contrary to its title has a lot of personality included! Rohit takes much of his own advice and has created a business book with a difference. The book lays out the ground-work behind the idea of `personality' walking through real-world examples that illustrate the key points, but then spends the last third of the book, not just driving the point home with case study after case study, but providing techniques, guides and tools that are immediately implement-able. The uniqueness of the book doesn't stop there, you can tell that Rohit has put a lot of thought into this book and the personality jumps out throughout the book; there are easter eggs hidden throughout the book (checkout the ISBN page of the book for an alternate introduction --- which is very cool!). Instead of the standard format of most business books, Rohit decided to take a slightly different tack on the examples; they are all based on 2 research techniques that he outlines in the book: 1) Conversing - the stories are based on direct conversations with the people involved, 2) Consuming - all the products and services in the book have been consumed or experienced. These 2 elements make for a truly down-to-earth and authentic book. Every part of this book including his research and writing are made completely transparent which is what he preaches to corporations. Don't hide behind the policies and business-as-usual techniques; what your customers want is to see a real human being behind the products and services.The RecommendationI can't recommend this book enough! Here are some reasons to read this book:- Personality is a macro trend - the 3 hottest topics in business today are; social media, word of mouth marketing and authenticity. Personality is the underlying theme behind all of these elements.- Real world experience - Rohit is an expert in branding and marketing and as part of his job working for one of the largest marketing agencies in the world, he gets to put into action his advice. He is not a business theorist, but someone that practices what he preaches in business today- Real-world stories - the book is chock full of real-world stories explaining the concepts and highlighting good and bad examples.- Theory to Practice - the book's overall format is designed to take someone from theory to action through the most expedient path. You will feel compelled to take action after reading this book and you will have the tools to do it.- Lost-In-Thought (LIT) - this is what I classify as a `Lost In Thought' book. You can't just passively read this book. While reading this book, you find yourself lost in thought, thinking about the ideas you have just read. Keep a pen, highlighter and post-its handy while reading this book, you don't want to lose any of the ideas that this book will stimulate.- Fun - it's not often you can say a business book is fun to read, but this really is! I felt as if I was interacting with the book, not only the ideas as mentioned above but also the examples I had to go look up on the internet and the easter eggs.This book goes up there with some of my favorite marketing and business books. If you liked books by Seth Godin, Chris Anderson and Malcolm Gladwell then you will enjoy this book.Kes SampantharInventor of ThinkCube
Did Richard III have the princes in the Tower "done in?"  That is  one of the great mysteries of history, and Tey "solves" it in the Daughter of Time.  Some critics consider this the greatest mystery novel ever written, and I concur. Have read hundreds of mysteries, many of them marvelous,but The Daughter of Time is the best.There are those who think Christie's The Murder of Roger Ackroyd is best.  I don't because I had correctly figured out who the murderer was by page 2.
This novel is even better than Jackson's more famous _The Haunting of Hill House_.  This is a novel about madness, but until the middle of the book, you're not sure just which one of the Blackwood sisters is off her rocker.  Which one of the sisters killed the rest of the Blackwood family, and why?  The sisters seem content to live in Blackwood Manor, even though the entire  town views them as freaks and murderesses, until cousin Charles shows up.  Then the fun really begins!What makes this novel turly creepy is the  psychological disfunction of these two women.  There are no supernatural  influences here, as there were in _The Haunting of Hill House_; the  antagonist is a person who simply cannot live in the real world, and has to  create her own reality.This novel is an especially good read for a  stormy night.  But be sure to finish it at one sitting, as it will be sure  to haunt you afterwards.
I am 3 hours into this course and I felt compelled to write about the experience....As  a  victim of 1 years worth of high school  French years ago  all I will say is that I  learned more in the first hour with Michel than I EVER did in school...Great fun and a real feeling of satisfaction!
Gemba is the place where value-adding activities take place. Decisive results can be achieved by focusing improvement activities in gemba. The author encourages managers and professionals to spend time in gemba to see what is happening and to encourage the front-line workers.  General George S. Patton could easily be described as a gemba man: he encouraged officers to go to the scene of the action instead of trying to &quot;lead&quot; from a headquarters in the rear. He also recognized the role of the frontline worker (soldier) in achieving results. As a result, the troops under Patton's command won amazing and seemingly impossible victories. Companies that want to hold their market share and capture their competitors' must understand this lesson. (Imai does not discuss Patton, but the historical parallel is obvious.)  My books &quot;The Way of discuss General Carl von Clausewitz' &quot;friction&quot; in a workplace context. Friction includes seemingly minor inefficiencies and problems whose combined effects degrade the organization's performance. Imai uses the word &quot;muda&quot; (waste), and stresses the need to suppress it. Tom Peters says, &quot;The accumulation of little items, each too 'trivial' to trouble the boss with, is a prime cause of miss-the-market delays.&quot; (from &quot;Thriving on Chaos.&quot;) Muda is essentially the same thing as friction. Imai also mentions &quot;muri&quot; (strain), which arises from inadequate training, poor ergonomic design, and inadequate preventive maintenance. Muri is another form of friction.  Imai also discusses tools like 5S-CANDO (CANDO = clearing up, arranging, neatness, discipline, and ongoing improvement). 5S-CANDO is another tool for reducing friction.  Imai discusses Just-in-Time (JIT) as a tool for reducing inventory and improving product flow. Readers of Eliyahu Goldratt and Jeff Cox's &quot;The Goal&quot; will appreciate this section. Synchronous flow manufacturing (SFM) is treated in detail in &quot;Leading the Way to Competitive Excellence: The Harris Mountaintop Case Study&quot. The idea of JIT/SFM is to produce goods in response to customer demand, not to keep people and equipment busy. Imai discussess a mattress factory that uses this approach: it not only keeps inventory down, but it can offer far more product lines. This is a key tool for going after niche (small, specialized, customized) markets.  William A. Levinson
I've read the Vampire Chronicles and put up with Lestat's whining for so long that Armand's view on vampirism was refreshing.  While Lestat tends to mumble his 'woe is me's, Armand is trying to find a divine reason behind  his existance.  It makes you think that if any vampire could be redeemed,  it would be Armand.  His quest for God and Happiness outshines Lestat's  possessive demeanor. Armand is definately my favorite character.
Frank Waters' excellent BOOK OF THE HOPI is probably the most complete collection of Hopi stories, language, rituals, and photographs in one place.  Waters wrote this book with assistance from thirty-two Hopi elders back in 1963.  Much time has passed since then, and while the way of the Hopi remains mostly unchanged, access to their sacred ceremonies and rituals has been greatly reduced in the last several decades.While BOOK OF THE HOPI was written through the eyes and ears of an outsider, it contains much of the spirit of the Hopi, and countless fascinating insights. One such example is the explanation of how one sacred ceremony (the Ya Ya) was profaned and is no longer performed, since much of its powers were taken for evil. &quot;When you receive a wonderful power and use it for evil you lose the power. You have to use it for good to keep it.&quot;I love the richness of information contained in this little book: symbols, the tablets of the clans, a glossary of Hopi words, thrilling tales about the creation of the worlds, and detailed descriptions of sacred objects such as the Paho (prayer-feather). This attention to detail is marvelous, but it's the heart of BOOK OF THE HOPI that makes me feel at home with the Hopi and at one with their spirit.I give this book my highest recommendation.
A nice overview of Coach Wooden's wisdom.  Always uplifting, and nicely presented!  I'm enjoying this book very much andwould recommend it.
This is without quesiton THE best book I have ever read concerning higher education, about what it proclaims to be and do, about what it actually does and the wide gulf that separates the two.  I found this gem of a book via "Impostors In The Temple" written my Martin Anderson which is excellent in its own right, but from a different angle that this book.Smith is a history professor, strikes me as having a streak of dissidence and defiance and honor that is not terribly prevalent in academics.  Seems to stride with the working and common man over the powerful and elite as well.  I always think it's important to be aware of the author's background and biases and their perspective.  Smith is an academic whistle blower.You don't often see discussion of the spirit or soul or psyche of the educational complex, they try to limit the talks to what is objective and scientific and can be measured and Smith calls them out on it, there is no such thing as scholarly objectivity.  Smith is quite critical and uses withering comments to call attention to his insights.  You can tell he doesn't hold the system in high regards and he used plain and forceful language to help you understand why.I have two degrees, have worked in higher education for over 10 years on and off and this man tells it like it is.  It confirms my own insights and suspicions about what it really going on.  Here's a sample from page 294 - "Specialization is another common disease of the spirit - that is, excessive specialization at the cost of any capacity for generalization or any awareness of the unity of life.""Knowledge for its own sake, which denies any moral structure in the world, any absolutes, any finalities.  Everything is relative, of equal importance or unimportance.  You cannot indefinitely omit one-half or more of human experience without paying a heavy price.  Then, finally, there is simply the brute fact of size, the disease of giantism.  True learning is clearly incompatible with immensity.  Formalism, lifeless routines, bureaucratic obtuseness, coldness of heart and impoverishment of spirit are the inevitable consequences of excessive size."On the cover of this book is a portion of a mural (this is panel #17: Gods of Modern Civilization) painted by Jesse Clemente Orozco as part of 150 foot work which is at Dartmouth University called "The Epic of American Civilization." This depiction gives me the chills, but yet is quite accurate and telling of the real spirit of higher education, not what I call "the illusion of care" or the "illusion of relevance" which you'll hear coming form those with vested interests.  Take a look at this image - [...] and you will see the death force, that which literally kills the spirit and all that it comes into contact with.  My conclusion about higher education coincide with Smith's, that it is a sterile, barren environment populated my almost pathological and sadistic/masochistic personality types who have little to offer of real use.  It's almost as if they are an endangered species hiding in a wildlife refuge from reality.  Which would be fine, if they weren't entrusted to teach and develop real intellect and potential, a charge that they have betrayed.  They need to be exposed and held accountable and this book sheds much needed light on these vermin.
I read this novella (103 pages) for my film and literature class, and we watched the film in class. It's about an almost prudish girl who spends the night with a supposed terrorist and gets a ton of negative media coverage for it, which is corrosive to her life.This book was surprisingly interesting. It had really short chapters -- some less than a page, most containing police-report like narrative about events going on around Katharina Blum.There weren't too many memorable characters in this novella, as the only two people I really remember now are Katharina and Ludwig -- the guy she spends the night with. In the beginning of the story, Katharina confesses to murdering a member of the press, and the rest of the book is sort of based around trying to find out why she did that (or how violence develops and where it can lead).The story moves quickly, and is definitely relevant to our times... The lack of secrecy and the invasive qualities of the press are something that aren't likely to go away any time soon.
This is a very dense book but its very thought-provoking. While I was reading it, I found myself quoting Clinton. It's unusual for any book to provoke this.One situation was Clinton's analysis of why McClellan and Fulbright (both Rhodes Scholars) were on opposite sides of the Vietnam War. Clinton suggests that Fulbright visited Oxford in the 1920s, while McClellan visited England during the 1930s (with Hitler raising tensions etc.).Clinton's book is a worthy read. Clinton was the most successful President of our age and this book doesn't do anything but add to his record. During his Presidency, he found that often the media focused on Whitewater, hair cuts, and the Paula Jones circus--but in this book you're able to see the many successes of his administration: 1) Family leave act 2) A SURPLUS budget 3) Success after success in foreign affairs (Northern Ireland, Israel peace initiatives, Bosnia, Haiti, Mexico bail out, and Kosovo). 4) Gun laws that prevented over 300,000 felons from obtaining guns while not impairing the rights of sport hunters one iota 5) Adding 100,000 more police. The list goes on and on.
This book is needed in the church.  The old saying goes "You do not talk politics or religion at work."  The reason for this statement is because of the emotions connected to the topic of religion.  People can become highly passionate about Biblical topics.  This is why this book must be read by every preacher and elder within the church.  We are constantly engaging in crucial conversations.  This book gives the practical skills in addressing these difficult times.  It breaks down the process of communication into easy steps for healthy dialogue.  Preachers, this book will save you much stress and trouble in your congregations.  If you need a great book on people skills, this is it.  This book will help you in church and in your homes.  I highly recommend this title.
I bought this book on impulse after reading Amy's column 'The sky's the limit when flying with feral children' which perfectly encapsulated my horror at a case where an airline that had booted off a mother and child who had screamed so loudly that safety announcements couldn't be heard ended up capitulating to and compensating the parent who could not control their little darling.Amy is smart and funny and has some great anecdotes about the lengths she goes to to protect her own personal space from rude, selfish, thoughtless people, indifferent bureaucracy and businesses and criminals unfortunate enough to rob her. The book is extremely easy to read and much of it is laugh out loud.There is no doubt, however, that she can be a pain in the arse, obsessive to the point of ridiculous and she sometimes ends up venting her frustrations on the under-resourced employee who has little control over their employer's policies, procedures and priorities. In these cases I found myself losing sympathy for her, even though she was right to be angry and upset about a situation. It is very likely, however, that this is a cultural cultural clash - as an Australian I am often astounded by the self-centred perspective of many Americans, even those who are well-aware they are not the centre of everyone else's universe. Just like toddlers they need to be taught to consider how their behaviour impacts on others around them.
Libra fills in all the spaces that need to be filled.  As an imagining of Lee Harvey Oswald's life and the tangle of life around him, it is brilliant and clear.
Brilliant, if your definition of a brilliant modern novel includes great characters interacting in interesting, beliveable ways-- human, imperfect, utterly believable. And howlingly funny.The plot plods; and the only car chase never exceeds walking pace, which [as you might imagine] is pretty darn funny in its own right.Great fun, not to be missed.
Why do some people claim to see colors in numbers, or feel pain in amputated limbs? The puzzling world of human consciousness is probed in Brief Tour Of Human Consciousness by Dr. Ramachandran, director of the Center for Brain and Cognition, who provides a neurologist's approach to understanding the human brain and perceptions, from textures in smells and sounds in sights to seeing colors in numbers or shapes.
Having grown up in a highly religious family with memories of church services full of fiery preaching, church politics, and hypocrisy, I've always been intrigued about the extreme faith some people have.  It doesn't get much more extreme than the small circle of Southern churches that handle venomous snakes to get closer to God.  The subject matter could come across in some ways comical, like those muscular "Power Team" christians who pray for strength and break 2x4s in football arenas.  But the author presents a unique subject in a unique way--he grew up in the Appalachian hills and in the course of the story, even finds out his relatives have played a part in the snake handling history.  He even buys into the experience given his spiritual needs of the moment and describes first-hand the fear and loss of fear through faith when handling the snakes in moments of religious ecstasy.  This is a thoroughly fascinating book like few others.  In a lot of ways, this book is similar to another fantastic book, "Violent Faith" by Jon Krakauer who wrote about the Mormon Fundamentalists and their bloody history and disfunction.  Only in this book, Covington becomes the center of the story, not just the reporter.  I can understand how this fine book was considered for the National Book Award.
This novel has enjoyed tremendous success which to a large degree is deserved. It has the sprawling ambition of a real epic. Although the setting is Ethiopia, a country that is brilliantly evoked, for some reason it reminded me of "Gone with the Wind." It has a biblical aspect to it -- the characters are all broadly drawn and their actions often seem to carry epic consequences.We meet the protagonists early. Sister Mary Joseph Praise, an Indian nun, is sent to Africa to minister to the poor and bring them to Christ. On a terrible sea voyage she meets the socially inept Dr. Thomas Stone, a brilliant surgeon who has no talent for human relations but is a veritable Toscanini with the scalpel. She follows him to Ethiopia where they work as partners for seven years --until she suddenly dies in childbirth. Stone, the presumptive father, flees in confusion leaving two twins to be brought up by a couple of Indian doctors.The twins are Marion, the narrator, and his brother Shiva, who appears to be some kind of savant able to memorize whole pages just by looking at them, do complex math problems in his head and seduce woman but who lacks human warmth or perhaps a fully human conscience. I must say I found Shiva to be one of the weakest aspects of this novel. He never fully convinced me as a character.The book is full of riveting descriptions of medical procedures, some not for the squeamish, and memorable descriptions of the city of Addis Abbaba. There is also a doomed love, a few odd martyrdoms, some great deathbed dramas, a couple of revolutions, suppressed sexuality, a great love never properly requited, expected and unexpected encounters and sundry other stuff.In other words, for much of its length, it's a great read.To my mind, the book lost its way when the scene changed to America and the last 50 pages were just too melodramatic and manipulative for me. I won't give away the denouement of course, but it left me feeling a little disappointed that such a great novel should fall short of delivering the ending it deserved.
Electricity Demystified goes well beyond the usual treatment of this important subject. I am a licensed Master Electrician, but I found lots of information that was new to me -- especially in the very interesting discussion on magnetism. Stan has a way with words and, like his many other books, this one takes the reader in new and unexpected directions. There is a lot to think about in this superb book and I recommend it highly. The diagrams and graphics are excellent, and the math is very accessible.
There are too many paradoxes in this story to count, but isn't that life, love and marriage? Do any of us appreciate today and the moment we live in or the people in front of us? Aren't the questions always just too big?I wonder how much my enjoyment of this book has to do with my long history as a science fiction reader. Or is it my long marriage that affects my impressions? I'd prefer to believe that I love both because I wonder and am constantly surprised. I do appreciate the underlying hope.Don't worry about not enjoying this book unless you're not into SF, literature, biographies, love stories, or fascinating stories about people learning to live.
Richard Templar seems to be on a roll as this book has a similar format as his earlier ones.  This book is comprised of short (2-3 pages) chapters on the best practices for working and getting work done.  Many are common sense - Cultivate A Smile, Set Objectives, Don't Gossip - but it never hurts to review them.  We all need reminders.  Templar does a great job of summarizing the key elements for getting your work done and getting along with people.  Young people who are just starting out in their careers will find this helpful.  For older managers, there isn't much new here.  Good gift for the recent college grad.
As the title indicates, this book is about the role of stock price gaps in technical analysis. The authors have done a fine job of writing in a manner that makes their subject very accessible. Their research into gaps is extensive and apparently unprecedented, and I found a lot of the statistics, such as on the occurrence of gaps, to be quite interesting, if not entirely useful.My biggest criticism of the book is with the charts, most of which are simply too small to read with ease. The most useful parts of the book, for my purposes, were the relatively small section devoted to gaps in relation to moving averages, and the last chapter entitled, "Putting It All Together," which succinctly summarizes the whole of the book in a few very worthwhile pages. Although I enjoyed reading the book, the bottom line remains that a gap on a chart is only one of many items that one must consider when determining the possibility of a successful trade.
A leisurely developed closed-room murder mystery story set in a lovingly rendered 1823 England. It is an &quot;onion peel&quot; mystery, wherein a small number of suspects is peeled down, layer by surprising layer, to their rather smelly cores, but still, it seems, without settling on who murdered the beautiful stranger. Ross seems to have caught the elegant yet tawdry activities of the Regency period, which, like the 1920's, must have been a time of exhuberance after a similarly exhausting war (Napoleon's). Ross skillfully evokes the colors and morals of the period. It would only take listening to a disc of John Field or Franz Schubert's piano music to complete wrapping you in the period mood.The &quot;upstairs&quot; dandy, the style-setting fashion-plate Julian Kestrel, is in fact a sentimental rescuer of the naive groom and bride in a remote country house. His &quot;downstairs&quot; servant is a low-life who speaks the amusing cant of thievery (his previous, but useful, occupation until Kestrel's rescue, again). Kestrel becomes a covert (undignified) private sleuth in the course of this first book in the series. While Kestrel is undoubtedly the principal character, narrative viewpoints do shift among the main characters, sometimes rapidly, so one glimpses many motivations, not always generous, that it would be hard for Kestrel to discover alone. One character comments on the original Gothic novels by Mrs. Radcliffe, although ghosts and terror are most minor parts here. I find it a little hard to credit Kestrel's initial motivation for sleuthing on his own, but he's not really a vapid dandy and once he starts it's fun to follow. A map of the house, which Kestrel eventually acquires (but does not show us), would have been a helpful aid in visualizing the scenes.
These Books are AWESOME.I will read over and over again, I love them so much! Historic fiction/romance/adventure amazing : )
I have read this book in 1990 when it was in second edition. This book in its structure has unchanegd over past 22 years. The technologies have changed from X.25 networks to ATM networks to multi gigabit ethernet networks. some of the fundamental technologies like Ethernet, IP, TCP have largely remains unchanged. IP has its new incarnations in IPv6 which is covered in this edition. The book is fun to read with Tanenbaum's sense of humor. He has many exercises which motivate and make people think deep into the problems. WARNING! It is a giant book. It is a reference book. Don't think you can read, grasp things in one sitting! The fifth edition is very thorough and I checked with the author. A new edition is not coming out soon, so this book should last several years.
This is the kind of book that is difficult to review because of the sheer volume and specialization of the content.  The book is organized as small articles on very specific topics in the field of analog design.  Much of this material is taken from papers written in the course of industrial practice and are not only detailed, but have a decent amount of mathematics to back them up.A key question that I am unable to answer is how current the material is.  There are certain design principles and rules that will never be made obsolete because they are almost "best practice" like.  But some of the material I really would need to do additional research to find if it's still current.  Because the book is not only detailed but very long and contains literally 100+ articles on design, this would be a job left for a not so casual student.  Also, I am not a specialist in this field and primarily use it to provide myself an education on the technical considerations for analog design, and for this it's been useful.  This primarily the basis for the four star rating.Again, this is best used as a reference source and probably not a bad source for a young engineer aspiring to climb the learning curves of analog design.  If you're already embedded in the field, the utility might be limited depending on your own specialization within analog design (power supplies, voltage regulators, PLLs etc.).
I loved it! When I first started reading about Bob Lee Swagger I had to have al Sthephen Hunter's books about him and his dad Earl Swagger!
This is the best portrayal of pre-World War I British upper-class society that I have read.  It also hints at customs that were not broadcast around as we do today.  The book also contains some surprises that I won't reveal.
I bought the book based on all of the reviews and I wasn't disappointed. It provided some ideas that I would have never though of, i.e. contacting seminars, conferences, etc., and be asked to be put on standby. It was a great idea that paid off handsomely. As a new speaker hawking a book,The Criminal Investigative Function: A Guide for New InvestigatorsI needed some information quick.  I devoured the book in days, adjusted it for my purpose and started booking engagements. You still have to do the work people, but the book puts you on the right course.
The book is great at introducing all the basics of flying an airplane. By flying, I mean controlling it in the air, plus takeoff and landing. This book does not teach you navigation, flight planning, communication with air traffic controllers, etc. It is pure and simple: the basics of controlling an airplane. The illustrations, although basic, are very good at explaining the concepts.If there is one weakness, it is the author's style of always introducing a topic or technique by talking about the wrong way(s) of doing something before getting to the recommended way. He even has this misleading tone of "you would do X, Y, Z when landing" and then a page later you find out that he was describing the wrong approach. My grandfather often explains things the same way, so I found this endearing :)This was the first guidebook on aviation I read. I highly recommend it to you too.
It sounds silly, but I experienced this book more than I read it.  The honest story of a family struggling to survive, thrive, and then disintegrating.  Stegnar has a way of creating characters not just with depth, but in whom I see aspects of myself.  I have felt what they felt, and this common emotion give me a connection to his fiction that I rarely experience elsewhere.  Amazing.
I couldn't put this book down.  It truly got better and better as the story progressed.  She's a wonderful writer and draws you in to the psyche of the narrator.  Loved this.
It's a little deceiving to consider this book a mystery novel in the traditional sense; it's much more of an historical study. The topic itself is fascinating: was Richard III the murdering, amoral monster that Shakespeare made him out to be, or was he merely misunderstood? Tey makes a cogent and compelling argument that Richard did not, in fact, murder his young nephews in the Tower of London, nor possess the negative qualities so often ascribed to him. Her historical analysis is cleverly contained in a contemporary setting; Inspector Alan Grant of Scotland Yard is laid up in hospital and sets his mind to figuring out the conundrum of Richard III while he recuperates. Grant enlists the help of a young American researcher; dialogues between the two and Grant's internal analysis form the &quot;action&quot; or &quot;plot&quot; of the story. If you are in the mood for a classic whodunit, a body in library-type mystery, this is not your cup of tea -- no one in Grant's time is murdered and his &quot;solving&quot; of the crime is only speculation. If you like history and have an open mind about Richard III, this is a well-written, well-researched and well-argued book. One thing I had trouble with was the author's assumption that the reader is familiar with much more of English history than I was, so at times, I was a bit overwhelmed by the names and references I didn't always get. If, after finishing &quot;Daughter of Time,&quot; you're interested in learning more about Richard III, try &quot;Royal Blood,&quot; by Bertram Fields as a good and thorough overview, with arguments both pro- and anti-Richard set forth.
Why isn't your idea easily grasped and spreading like wild fire? Why isn't everyone "on board" and working vigorously to implement it? You've written the proposal, sent the emails, and even given the PowerPoint presentation - so what's wrong? Why haven't minds or behavior changed?In Made to Stick, Chip and Dan Heath explore and analyze dozens of great campaigns where ideas did spread rapidly and were effective in driving change. From military strategies to the work of Mother Theresa, from the presidential campaign of Bill Clinton to the "Jared" marketing campaign of Subway sandwiches, the Heath brothers deduce six principles for shaping and communicating ideas so that they are "sticky" - so that they spread easily and change minds and behavior.The six principles are conveyed using clear and interesting examples, such as those listed above. To bring home the major points, the book also contains several "clinics" - review exercises of scenarios that require improvement, complete with their suggested answers.Everyone should read this book. Not only will it likely improve your writing and communication style, it's helpful in thinking strategically about that next marketing campaign, proposal, or organizational change. No matter what your idea is, the lessons from this book will greatly help to shape and package it for maximum impact.
John Steinbeck's East of Eden covers two families interwoven histories from the American Civil War to WWI. Most of the characters and events represent Biblical characters and events pretty overtly. One Biblical and philosophical theme constantly grappled with is the eternal question of good and evil. Steinbeck's answer to whether humans are destined to a life of good or evil is with a Hebrew word in the Bible: Timshel!, literally translating to 'thou mayest.'  While the characters appear to be inherently good or bad, they are not that simple. As Steinbeck attempts to prove, humans dictate their actions.At times East of Eden is jumpy and a mumble jumble of references and tangents. Yet Steinbeck's ability to cover the behemoth topic with pretty direct writing is impressive, and more than makes up for the wild tangential passages. After reading a brief synopsis of Steinbeck's personal biography, I see much of Steinbeck and his family comes alive in the characters. Steinbeck succeeded in covering an immense range of issues loosely following his own family history, and still maintaining his central thesis. Even though the first hundred pages are slow, I recommend this book, even to those with a lay knowledge of Genesis. Keep pressing through and enjoy Steinbeck's enlightening work and imaginative characters.
This is the perfect wrap up for this series. But in order to understand the book you need to read the previous books first.
This is an excellent biography of Eleanor of Aquitaine.  All the others that I have tried to read are bogged down in footnotes and geneologies, but Ms. Weir turns her into a person, something more biographers should try  for.  I would recommend this book to anyone.
I am working my way through this book very thoroughly, I am on chapter 8 at the moment, and here is what I think about it.  The first thing that really desperately needs improvement is they give you vocabulary words, but they do not have audio to match each vocabulary word, so unless you want to go back and find each place were every word occurs in the dialogue, you have to rely on the roman type sound-alike pronunciation that they list near the actual arabic type.  Are they to cheap to pay someone who speaks Arabic well to pronounce each vocabulary word?  By the way I concur with an earlier reviewer, in that this is not the book you want to start with . . . . start out with a book that explains the Arabic alphabet and shows you how to write in Arabic.  On the positive side, they DO use Arabic script, when there are a lot of courses out there that use roman script to try to teach Arabic, and I ask, what good is that? . . . If you are going to study Arabic, why would you not want to learn to READ it too?The stories from the Arabian Nights are great, I would love to see them expanded upon in some later edition.Given what I have seen out there in Arabic courses, I rate this at four stars . . . Transparent Language does better if you ask me, and if I use my imagination, there is a LOT of room for improvement in many of the Arabic courses out there.  If there were more competent Arabic courses out there though, I would be rating this a three, due to the forementioned issues with this 2003 version.
I hate to reiterate a common point made by many reviewers but I feel it's necessary to say (once again!) that the middle of the book was some hard reading.  It wasn't hard, vocabulary-wise, but because Dreiser went into *great* detail about Carrie and Hurstwood, separately and as a couple (among many other things) - so much so that it could have been its own novel.  It has the potential to lose people who are short on patience.  Perhaps five chapters could have been combined into two (if that!).Be that as it may, roughing it through the middle makes getting to the end feel as if you've accomplished the impossible, and your effort will be rewarded.The ending was unconventional, to say the least.  Not to give it away but if a potential reader believes that Dreiser tied things up quite nicely, think again!  Such an ending is a present-day writing teacher's nightmare.I must confess that as I was reading the book I was simultaneously checking out the reviews here on Amazon and was prepared to feel really sorry for Hurstwood.  From what I understand, Hurstwood's deterioration is the main attraction of the book (and of the movie adaptation made in the 1950s).  After seeing how he tricked Carrie into leaving Chicago with him - first going to Canada and then settling in New York, how he was a bigamist (throwing that in Carrie's face at the appropriate moment), and how utterly unprepared he was to fight his wife and live a new life in a new town, I wound up not feeling as sorry for Hurstwood as is expected to be.  His lack of motivation and the lies on which he built his life with Carrie were of his own doing and, in a sense, he got what he deserved in the end.Carrie, on the other hand, has been portrayed as this vixen who gladly used married men for her own gain and nothing could be farther from the truth.  She didn't even know Hurstwood was married until Drouet sprang that bit of trivia upon her (after he was informed by a maid of Carrie's frequent outings with Hurstwood).  Also, Drouet was not married (but they did live together as an unmarried couple in a day when that was unthinkable!).To me, Carrie is the most identifiable character here, not because she's the title character but because of her need to overcome a repetitive life full of drudgery, routine, and never making her ends meet.  This was summed up perfectly on Page 31 of this edition: "Unless Carrie submitted to a solemn round of industry and saw the need of hard work without longing for play, how was her coming to the city to profit (her sister and her husband)?"Carrie's attitude regarding work and her outlook on life is, on the surface, very frivolous and not at all of an adult:  "Carrie ... bent over her work.  She felt as though she could hardly endure such a life.  Her idea of work had been so entirely different" (Page 38).  She wanted more out of life than what the industrial 1890s had to offer, and anyone can identify with that sentiment (especially today in the hyper 21st Century.  What are supposed to be 9-5 office jobs turn out to be something we practically live with 24/7 and then you're fired (or "laid off"), without warning, for reasons that wouldn't make sense to a preschooler.  And, for our troubles, we die of cancer in the end.  Translation: Nothing much has changed in one hundred-plus years in this country).Carrie had advantages (like men wanting to take care of her) that others don't have (nor ever get) but, when the going got tough in New York City, she put her feet to the pavement and found work (something Hurstwood was always putting off).Whether one feels Carrie deserved her fame courtesy of hard work or through sheer luck (of being at the right place at the right time), Ames's thought sums up the reason for her success: "The world is always struggling to express itself ... Most people are not capable of voicing their feelings.  They depend upon others.  That is what genius is for.  One man expresses their desires for them in music; another one in poetry; another one in a play.  Sometimes nature does it in a face - it makes the face representative of all desire.  That's what has happened in your case" (Page 429).Did the good guy/gal win here?  That's up for debate.  One thing is for sure is that "Sister Carrie" is definitely not your conventional tale and is a fine representation of good American literature.One final note: It's worth checking out the scholarship at the beginning of Barnes and Noble Classics Editions (as well as other editions that offer the same).  While I find the overall scholarship to be biased majority of the time, it is, nonetheless, helpful and aids in your reading of the text.  - Donna Di Giacomo
Three Men In A Boat is a terribly vintage english tongue in cheek story complete with falling down chuckles which lead to outright laughter, quaint phrases, non-sensicle story lines which gleefully meander all over the place. In summary, something everyone should read - this story is a romp set in an era which is now long gone and forgotten.
I ordered this book to use as a read aloud with my fifth grade's class study of the Civil War.  Little did I know that it would be a valuable tool for teaching point of view.  This is a wonderfully suspenseful short of a young slave's escape through the woods on his way to the first stop on the Underground Railroad.  What makes this story unique is that it is told from the forest animals' perspective.  Well written, well illustrated, and destined to become a classic.  Wendy
This is one of the most unique stories I've read in years.  Ms. Niffenegger's very concept of time travel in this novel is intelligent and captivating.  The characters were well-developed and I actually found myself caring about them.  Even though I thought that the end felt rushed and was slightly disappointed after such a compelling novel, I can still highly recommend this book and feel confident with my opinion that it is one of the best I've read - certainly one of my top ten.
Undone is a great thriller.  It is listed as a Grant County novel, but it takes place totally in the Atlanta area and Sara Linton is a secondary character.  Will Trent takes center stage again.  This is one fun thriller to read.  I did like the way that Slaughter hinted at the idea of a romance between Sara and Trent.
Basic flying explained for pilots and non-pilots. This is still a classic, and should be in the collection of anyone interested in flying.  Excellent writing, and easy to understand.  Flying is truly an art - this is not appreciated and understood as much as it should be today.
This is a wonderful family story. You will cry. You will laugh. You will picture the setting as it is described so well. The characters are all so wonderful. This book will open so many doors to compassion in the readers heart. Others gave a story over view. This story is clean. It deals with some tuff subjects but in a historical setting that open's the door to having a picture of what children and families endured during the war. You won't be able to put it down.
YOU HAVE TO SEE HOW SCARY LOOKING THE PICTURES ARE IN ALL OF THE BOOKS!!!! THAT COULD DEFINETELY GIVE YOU NIGHTMARES FOR A WHILE.EVEN IN SOME STORIES. THERE WAS NOT A PICTURE OF THE WENDINGO, BUT THE BACK OF THE BOOK SAID IT WAS A FEMALE SPIRIT, AND/OR A CANNIBAL GIANT THAT KILLS FOR HUMAN FLESH AND ANTHROPOLOGISTS DESCRIBED INDIANS WANTING TO EAT FLESH AS A "WENDIGO PSYCHOSIS". {I'm sure  that's how you spell that word}.
Lovejoy, where have you been up to now?  I can't believe that I waited this long to read the Lovejoy series.  It's smart, funny, first rate plotting and characterizations (at least this first book in the series is).  I cannot wait to read the rest of the books in this series.  These books are thrillers actually more than mysteries, but there is a little of both in them as well as very funny dialogue.  Lovejoy is a bounder - not strictly honest, but not an outright crook either.  In this book he's trying to track down a set of duelling pistols that everyone thinks were never made.  He gets into a pack of trouble doing this.  Another fun thing about these books is that as you read them you learn an awful lot about antiques.  Great stuff!
Like many other reviewers on Amazon, I discovered this author and her work through reading Robert Kaplan'sBalkan Ghosts: A Journey Through History.  "Black Lamb and Grey Falcon" is certainly a compelling work, full of vivid imagery and references to otherwise unknown or poorly understood historical events but it may, however, not be an entirely objective account.  The reader must be aware, however (and it is hard to see how any reader could possibly miss it) that West was not only a Serbophile and an enthusiast for a greater Yugoslavia dominated by Serbia, but also (perhaps unconsciously) willing to stamp her romantic vision of South Slav/Serbian nationalism and idealised peasant society on everyone fated to live in the Balkans.  In every respect, West lives in a Manichean world where Serbia is white and any historic adversaries (the defunct Austro-Hungarian and Ottoman empires in particular) are uniformly black, and while I am sure that it was very easy at times in the 1930's to see much that was dark in Germany, her Germanophilia - in matters large and small - is surely excessive.Reading "Black Lamb and Grey Falcon" I was reminded in different ways of three near contemporary English authors, George Orwell, Wilfred Thesiger and Virginia Woolf.  West shares with Orwell broadly similar (strongly held) political positions and a real descriptive power, with Thesiger the innate sense of inquiry coupled with a desire that these picturesque natives should retain their romantic customs pleasing to the English passerby, while with Woolf (who I am admittedly less familiar with - or fond of - than either Orwell or Thesiger) she shares the tendency to superimpose the concerns and perspectives of a very select class of literary-minded upper-class Englishwomen on humanity in general and women in particular.This may sound like a negative review, but the power of West's writing is such that this is actually quite an engrossing read - the experience of reading it is just somewhat like reading a erudite, interesting (albeit very long) but clearly partisan opinion piece in a newspaper which prefers to promote a "world view" rather than objective.  It is still a rewarding read and does provide one particular view of the Former Yugoslavia, but I would caution against forming too many historical or political opinions on this work alone.
Michael Reid's review of this wonderful book (whatever it is--nightmare, novel, allegory, etc.) is very close to my own feelings about it.  It defies most traditional critical approaches, just as the characters in it are themselves continually foiled and re-educated in their encounters with some of the weirdest people and situations in 20th-century fiction.  It is a slam on anarchism and political mischief-making, but it is also a slam on the moralistic, &quot;quick-fix&quot; crusaders against rocking the boat, most of whom lack the spirit and wisdom of their opposition.  It is also extremely funny, improvisatory in its layout, and in no hurry to give the reader a tidy conclusion.  Like reviewer Reid, I like thinking of the book as a nightmare--try reading it after reading or listening to W. S. Gilbert's &quot;Nightmare&quot; song from his Iolanthe (written with Sullivan).  There seems to be no rhyme or reason to what happens, and perhaps there isn't, but the astounding thing is that, despite all of the detours, digressions, and about-faces, everything comes out beautifully right in the end.  I love re-reading this book because I never feel bored by it; on the contrary, I feel as if I'm always rediscovering something I haven't quite looked at before.  And as for Chesterton's prose style... well, I can't think of too many people--a mere handful at best--who have excelled Chesterton in writing sentences that glitter, twine around my mind, and leave me dumbfounded by their loveliness.
I am a registered and card carrying member of the vast right wing conspiracy, and I did not vote for Obama.  McCain isn't a member of the right wing either.Politics aside, there is a reason why I read this book even though I know there are two Obama's - the teleprompter one and the true Obama. Joe the Plumper exposed the latter and we heard some it with Jay Leno.  Why? Obama is the first President to really understand the digital age and capitalize it.There's another thing I am intrigued with - how an unknown community agitator became President only after a few years in politics.  No one knew this guy, except that he had a list of unsavory characters as friends.  Yet, he mastered the marketing game.  As a busines owner, I admire that.  Although, I believe in the truth.But keep in mind, Sarah Palin was an unknown too who got involved with the PTA and later became governor.  Their examples are what gives me hope, not rhetoric.  Any one of us can get involved and go places.
I had read this book years ago, and just reread it. It seems like a Twilight Zone post apocalyptic episode where ultra conservative religion factions took over the United States. In this political environment, this book seems to be even more relevant as a worst case scenario. A must read for all!
I never thought that I could love a true account of tragedy, suffering, and grave injustice, but I have to admit that I love &quot;Life and Death in Shanghai&quot;. I don't mean that I read this book for entertainment or recommend it to everybody. Like some of the works of Solzhenitsyn or Elie  Weisel, the subject of Nien Cheng's book  is real, painful, and sometimes  very difficult to read. Yet I find myself constantly rereading &quot;Life  and Death in Shanghai&quot; and it is one of the few books I refuse to part  with. How can this be?Nien Cheng writes of personal loss, suffering, and  injustice with unusually lucid and mature prose. She is impressive as story  teller, an historian, but most of all as a writer. One of the most  effective qualities of Nien Cheng's writing is the remarkable restraint she  employs when describing unfair and frankly inhumane actions perpetrated  against her and her family. She describes her arrest, captivity, and daily  efforts to challenge her tormentors with cool objectivity.One of the  most impressive parts of the book is the account of how Nien Cheng studied  Chairman Mao's collected works in prison. Despite the fact that Mao's  policies had personally harmed her and were tearing China apart, she  studied his works in earnest and evaluated them objectively. She concluded  that Mao was a brilliant guerrilla warfare strategist but that he was only  capable of destruction, not creativity.Nien Cheng enhances her personal  narrative by describing relevant Chinese historical events. As a result,  the reader acquires a sense of context and is better able to understand why  certain things happen to her. For example, Nien Cheng is repeatedly  persecuted for her alleged support of Liu Xiaoqi. During one of her  interrogations she is bold enough to declare that his policies, as  elucidated by her jailers, sound perfectly sensible. Then after years in  captivity, she is suddenly treated with more kindness and praised for her  positive remarks about Liu Xiaoqi. Nien Cheng explains to the reader that  during this time, political tidings had turned against the radical Gang of  Four and that moderate factions in the Chinese Communist Party had  rehabilitated Liu Xiaoqi.I recommend this book to anyone interested in  modern Chinese history, in survival and triumph, or to anyone who enjoys  encountering the English language at its best. My deep respect and  appreciation go out to Nien Cheng.
Steinbeck can be a bit heavy-handed at times with metaphor and moral, but this book is a wonderful read.  I discovered it as an adolescent 30 years ago, and it still ranks as one of my all-time favorites.  I'm delighted that Oprah has introduced it to a new generation!  You are going to love this book.  It's a can't-put-down page turner.
Let me state that this book will not only educate you, but it may scare you, as well.  I have read a handful of demonology books and this one is by far the best.  It gives examples of first-hand experiences and also gives a lot of professional and educational insight to the work and field of demonology.  Some other books I have read don't get to the point of what you want to know--the ramble on about bogus opinions and never teach you much of anything; not to mention they practically put you to sleep.  This book, however, is the exact opposite--You won't be able to put it down.  You'll be in awe, amazed, and at times, terrified.  Complete with many pictures, this book entertains and educates in the way you want to read and learn about demonology.  The career of Ed and Lorraine Warren is simply amazing.  I will be looking out for more material from them.  Get this book for a good scare and good educating material.
I got this book years ago and I have loved it ever since.I especially liked the mirror ritual because it teaches you to align your subconcious with your concious. This book has information in it that you don't find in modern books. I give it five stars!
Though it's moral issues are presented a little more black-and-white than in his two more widely acclaimed novels, &quot;Crossing to Safety&quot; and &quot;Angle of Repose,&quot; this short novel can be read successfully on a  variety of levels.  It showcases many of Stegner's recurring ideas: living  consciously in an increasingly unethical environment; suicide as an easy  escape from responsibility; and how the choice is never between &quot;life  and death&quot; as much as it a decision about how you want your life to  effect those around you.  But analysis aside, I love this book for Marian  Catlan, one of Stegner's most intricate women yet.  This novel is my  personal favorite of all Stegners and one of the best novels I've ever  read.
I love Mother Teresa's philosophy of life, and a daily dose of her thoughts and prayers do wonders for my perspective in life. I am remembering to smile, pray, love...very touching devotional.
Loved this book, captures the dilemma of many people over the years in a country which is close to my heart.
What an amazing book, so exciting.  I literally couldn't put it down.Filled with so much details about the many different dinosaurs and the scientific experiments taken to create the ultimate 'zoo' called Jurassic Park and of course what happens when it all goes so horribly wrong.The movie was good but the book was terrific, 10/10 to Michael Crichton, a genius storyteller.One of the best books I have EVER read, a true thriller of a story.
This guide is clearly the result of massive and thorough research. Authors brilliantly lay out the base for someone who is starting out in Real Estate. Implementing proposed strategies will greatly reduce the learning period for a "rookie" and at the same time I would highly recommend this book as reference source for experienced RE professionals.
How many times have you found yourself in a seemingly unwinnable situation in the workplace or at home?  We all find ourselves facing difficulties from time to time.  And often these difficulties stem from human relations.  This book, Influencer by Kerry Patterson -- Josheph Grenny -- David Maxfield -- Ron McMillan -- & Al Switzier will help you with just those types of situations.As a teacher I find some of my most challenging, yet rewarding moments of my job come  wrapped up in the fact I work with people.  People are always unpredictable, always changing, and always intriguing.  The challenge comes in the fact that it is not always easy to lead and influence people to help them become what you know they have full potential to be.This book was quite useful to that end...  Leading people and assisting them to reach their full potential.  The authors of this book take the time to practically guide you in learning to influence others.Near the beginning of this book the point is made that, "You are an influencer."  Whether we like it or not, what we do and say is observed and acted upon by others.  We have great power to influence the culture around us and the sphere in which we operate every single day.What I liked best about this book is the common sense approach the authors take.  Influencing others can be daunting to say the least.  But this book takes the track that influence can be wrought by identifying just a few critical behaviors and helping those you work with to change those particular behaviors.Too often when we are faced with a challenge we try to deal with the whole gamut of issues involved.  Based on the research the author's of this book undertook, that can be an exhausting and defeating approach.  When we really analyze a problem and boil it down to the most crucial elements we can work smarter not harder at solving it.  When we isolate crucial behaviors and work to change those behaviors, then and only then will we influence those around us.  And that is when we cause lasting change.Another powerful point I found in this book was that people will not change unless they are given opportunity to safely try new behaviors.  Modeling of and structured experiences with new behaviors are critical to creating lasting change.  I see this in my elementary classroom all the time.  Young students need opportunities to try what they are learning to do.  And they must have scaffolded opportunities to work with them.  Meaning, we those already competent with the skill must give the person we are influencing helping hand... a model... and a support while we are helping them try the new behavior.  Without real-life experiences and supported practice the change we are trying to influence will stay in the world of generalities forever.What's best about this book?  The anecdotes and practical real life examples of influence in action will astound you.  This isn't just a, "Ho-Hum" self-help book.  It is a nuts and bolts approach to helping you make a real and lasting change in the places you live and work.  You are an influencer!
What a fantastic book.  If you would like to learn how to do any number of very cool things with rope, and to do them without (much) frustration, I can't recommend a better book.  Plus, there are some fun projects that are not rope based but well worth the effort.
My nine-year-old daughter loves stories of Greek mythology and has been reading up on the subject. We came across this title at the public library and the cover art immediately captured our attention.  This book is a good start for young children to learn about the gods and goddesses of Greek mythology. It begins with the creation story featuring Uranus and Gaea, followed by Uranus' dethronement by his son, Kronos, and of course, the defeat of Kronos by Zeus and his siblings. The stories are abbreviated and quite simplified which helps young children understand better considering how longwinded the original stories are. Each God and Goddess is given one page, with a short summary of the specific god/goddess' creation, attributes, etc.Those seeking for a more comprehensive coverage are better advised to look elsewhere. The highlight of this book is the beautiful color illustrations which are quite a treat for children. As much as I liked them, I did find some of the illustrations lacking credibility. For example, Hephaestus  is depicted as being handsome-looking when in actuality he was very plain-looking (in fact when he was born, his mother Hera was so appalled by his ugliness that she threw him down from Olympus!). Young readers however will enjoy looking through the pictures.This is a very brief introduction to the gods and goddesses of Olympus and makes a good primer for younger readers.
This book wasn't at all what I expected, but that's not a bad thing.  I have to admit that a lot of the science completely went over my head...I didn't pay attention in chemistry class, and it was 20+ years ago...so I ended up skipping over some of the science-heavy sections.  However I found the rest of the book thoroughly entertaining and interesting.  Dr. Turin is passionate about his work (and perfume!) and that passion rubbed off on me while I was reading.  I had no idea at all how new perfumes were created, and no preconceived notions of how the mechanism of scent worked, and I certainly had no idea how intractible and near-sighted scientists can be when protecting their life's work.  I was naive in my belief that scientists of all disciplines would welcome new findings in their fields.  I didn't find the book as one-sided as some...though of course it's going to be to some extent; it's about this particular person and his work and the things he experienced in the course of it, not a peer-review journal!One thing is for certain, I'll never think of scent the same way again.  I'm also looking forward in the future to seeing if Dr. Turin's work is validated.  I can't help rooting for him.
Kenneth Clark's book is probably the best available introduction to Leonardo da Vinci. It is both a good biography and an insightful analysis of Leonardo's art and artistic career. The text is appropriate for both laymen and students of art history. Clark's writing is concise and extremely engaging (to the point where I would recommend reading this book for fun), but it is also intelligent and very informative, with a clear thesis that ties the vast body of matieral covered together into an easily comprehensible package. This book is slightly out of date now, but Martin Kemp's introduction and revision help to ammend for that. I particularly recommend this most recent edition as it is well-illustrated.
In addition to having delightful photographs, this book is about the Cradle of Anglo Rock History, the inception of the Beatles.  The cover photo was taken on Saturday, July 6, 1957 (just seven years to the day before the Beatles' first movie "A Hard Day's Night" hit the theaters, Monday, July 6, 1964) of the then-nearly 17-year-old John Lennon with his band, the Quarrymen.  The Quarrymen took their name after their school, Quarry Bank High.  Paul McCartney, then 15, was one of the boys in the audience who met John during this period and their musical union proved to be quite cataclysmic, indeed.This author has researched the subject well.  Not only are dates and places accurate, but so are the historical descriptions of Liverpool, a sea port town in the North of England.  Readers get a sense of England and the world at large in the late 1950s when skiffle bands captured the hearts and ears of the young British audiences and how these skiffle bands would, in turn, influence the world's greatest band, the Beatles!This is a must-have for all avid Beatle fans and historians in general will appreciate this book for its richly detailed, well reseached history of the times and place.
'Black Light' serves as a nice follow-up to 'Point of Impact' and 'Dirty White Boys', and so reading those two books beforehand is strongly recommended.  'Black Light' has our favorite sniper, Bob the Nailer, back home in Arkansas.  In it we are taken back to the murder of his father and how events of 1955 relates to his situation forty years later.  Yes, murder and mayhem ensue.  However unlike its predecessors, 'Black Light' seems a bit flat.  There is less in the way of in depth characterizations.  I found the book to be enjoyable but not compelling.Bottom line: certainly a must read for Stephen Hunter fans.  Just lower your expectations a bit.
i love louise erdrich!  everyone needs to read all of her books. the round house is equally awesome. dont require so much in this box.
This is a graduate level text for someone very well versed in geophysics, fluid engineering, computer modeling and the like.  The author goes into a detailed subject matter mostly from a physicists point of view.  A quick google search will show this is used in a few universities but there are more widely spread books out there on the subject.
Dangerous Angels, The Weetzie Bat Books, written by Francesca Lia Block; five of Francesca's other works are compiled into one novel. All of the stories tell about the lives of Weetzie Bat and her family and friends. The author takes the reader into another world by; she tells of real life situations with a magical spin. This novel is a cross between young adult and adult literature because of the content and the maturity that the reader contains. The text contains explicit material such as, homosexuality, drugs, alcohol and premarital sex. An awesome addition to any literature lovers' collection, this book is wonderfully written.This novel was very well written because of its content of today's controversy with sex without marriage, drug and alcohol abuse and homosexuality. To a reader, it was a wonderful way to show that even though one may go through some of these problems, they can get through them and get on with their life. Also by showing an understanding of how things like drug and alcohol use and abuse is dealt with in a family or how homosexuality is now being more and more socially accepted. This novel shows how much our society as a whole is becoming more mature to the ideas that are out of the "norm".
This is a very good read.  I have had this book for two days, and I have read halfway through it.  IT are not typically very readable.  I have not started to install Ubuntu at this time, but that will start in about a week.
If you are involved with either airplanes or the media in any way, then I do NOT recommend this book to you. Just like a TV show, the book likely twists a few facts from both subjects, just to keep the story interesting to the readers. So pilots and airplane manufacturers would find the book poked through with technical errors. Journalists would be enraged at his critique.But I am neither of these, so I found the book a good read. It is really more about the media nowadays. It was easy to be annoyed at Jennifer (the main protagonist), and how all she wanted was something that would get good ratings. She seemed determined to grind the manufacturing company to the ground. I disliked her character, but she was interesting, so I kept reading on. The ending is has a strong "just desserts"/moralistic style, but this is characteristic of Crichton.I don't know if it is good enough for full price. I'd suggest buying a cheaper version from another seller, or perhaps just borrowing it from a library first.
Father Brown,s calm escapades are a delight to follow.  Justice and humor prevail with pleasant twists of fate and intriguing characters.
A grim post-war novel abounding in fatalism, doubt, sarcasm, loss and survival, Heinrich Boll's exploration is a true literary masterpiece that could make one almost wince in its no-holds-bar truth offering. The life of Hans Schneir, a down-on-his-luck, melancholy, incisive clown could represent any human life after surviving and living the day-to-day economic and emotional traumas hatched by war and the idiocy of policy that brings it about. What is normalcy after war? In most cases it is the love of a future wife and the co-creation of a family, for when one is in a war-and for survival sake-must sometimes end a human life, it is natural that the desire afterwards would be to help bring about life, as well as the beauty surrounding it. But for Hans Schneir, that is not the case, for he is encased in a cocoon of soulful hardness, an all encompassing iciness of mistrust, cynicism and destroyed ideals. Whereever he looks, he sees people manipulated by guilt, best exemplified by his mother, a former Nazi sympathizer who ultimately evolves into a kind of champagne activist while serving as president of the Executive Committee of the Societies for the Reconciliation of Racial Differences. He sees people who can not deal or cope or who are wounded with life, as is the case with his brother, Leo, who converts to Catholicism and then enters and is ultimately stashed in a seminary. All the time while German citizens flounder in their varied emotional states, Hans has two things which keep him stable, his unbending emotional hardness and his lover, Maria, who, as well, drifts away from him while gradually embracing the ideals of a Catholic neophyte named Zupfner. Hans Schneir's resolute closeness versus Maria's relentless openness casus the two to clash in many ways. Where he sees hypocracy and weakness, she sees Truth and possibility. Yet, to Hans, that is exactly what she is supposed to see and fall into, another trapping created by man to make a big power machine (the Church) even bigger. Thus he loses her, and she becomes the "first lady" of German Catholicism-Pg. 176. As all that Hans holds near and dear to him slowly drift away, the one thing that he clasps onto is his art, the talent of pantomime, whereby he immitates those in his environment: politicians, religious leaders, people who use other people and institutions merely in order to feel a sense of worth. But as he acts out the truths that he sees yet things that people do not wish to see, he even fails at his art, for who wants to see a sad clown? In the end, he struggles along, fighting to incorporate snippets of hard truth into his life, truth that nobody wants. Heinrich Boll is indeed the grand master of exploring the harsh truth of human behavior and how humanity uses a veneer of politics and God in order to not confront itself.
Kernighan and Ritchie's book, The C Programming Language, otherwise known as the K&R;, is the quintessential C language reference and tutorial guide. One of the keys to its effectiveness is its use of programming exercises which rigorously test the reader's comprehension of the language. However, because of the succinctness of the text, no space is given to the solution of these exercises. Consequently, the independent learner, without the guidance of a knowledgeable instructor, will oftentimes be lost.Here enters The C Answer Book, by Tondo and Gimpel. This text is an essential companion to the K&R; for most readers, but particularly those who are attempting to learn the C language outside of a formal educational environment. While some exercises in the K&R; are easy, most are decidedly non-trivial, and some are downright intractable. Without some guidance on solutions, a reader could easily give up, defeating the whole purpose of the book.For each exercise in the K&R; the C Answer Book gives a listing of the required C language code, accompanied by clear, but succinct, explanations. Like the K&R; itself, the C Answer Book is a short text, and its explanations are generally brief. This should be sufficient for most readers, but those who require more detailed explanations should probably seek assistance from an instructor, or maybe even abandon the K&R; for a more accessible beginner's text.As a companion to the K&R; this book is exemplary, and I therefore give it my highest recommendation.
The principles described here in regards to our fascination with television entertainment can be applied, and are perhaps even more relevant, to our fascination with putting ourselves on display in the age of Web 2.0.
I first read this in my adolescence.  I was so glad to find a copy for my granddaughters.  It arrived in good time and in great shape.thank-you
I gave this to my great niece because she is an avid book reader. She told me it was a fun book and she likes reading it again and again.
What a great book and it was only $.01 plus shipping. It's a slow read, but worth every minute. I love all different books, but not romance,sci-fi.So many twists and turns and evil characters.I've only read 333 pages out of 781(smallish print,too)and have been reading it for a couple of weeks. Normally I read two 300-400 page books per week but you can't read this one quickly.This would be great for a reading group or teens that love the style of Charles Dickens.
Most marketers throw leads over the transom to sales and then wonder why the effectiveness of their lead generation programs are so low.  Brian Carroll tackles this problem head-on, explains why the process of sales in a complex sales environment is getting harder, and tells us what we can do about it.  This book should be a "must read" for anyone interested in improving their company's sales effectiveness.  It's well organized, and packed with tips, information, and case studies.
Chuck Palahnuik is a master of satire and black comedy.  He is known for his dark mordant humor that is as cutting in its criticism and truthfulness as it is witty.  &#34;Survivor&#34; which examines the aftermath of a religious cult is no exception to those sentiments that are trademarks of Palahnuik's work.When the reader first meets Tender Branson, he has hijacked a plane heading towards Australia, allowing the engines to burn out one by one as he records the story of his life so that everyone can understand his actions.  For Tender Branson is the last surviving member of the Creedish Death Cult whose members commited mass suicide when a federal investigation got too close and whose members outside the commune were to commit suicide in accordance with their beliefs.  Since the age of seventeen, Tender has been out in the &#34;real world&#34; essentially working as a slave laborer, a house cleaner to the wealthy elite.  His life takes quite a different turn when he is found to be the last surviving member; an agent swoops in and turns him into a mega-star overnight, the messiah of his own religion who will sell out to anything.  But Tender's life is still not his own and he wishes against hope that he might regain some semblance of control an dhappiness.  This is unlikely to happen when he is wanted for murder and turns to hijacking a plane to cause his own end.&#34;Survivor&#34; is an engaging read that will have readers laughing out loud in places and shaking their heads in others.  Tender is a very unusal character yet the reader feels sympathy with him - that is quite an achievement.  The plotlilne jumps quite radically when Tender becomes famous and I found myself wishing that Palahnuik had invested a little more time in showing that transformation before it happened.  There is a alot going on in this novel, but it is the biting indictment of American society and commerical religiosity that propels the story and makes it something more than a work of fiction.
happy to get such a nice set at such a good price.  there was no visible signs of previous ownership or use.
No book has ever showed the reader the horrors of war quite like this one has. i recommend it to everyone, even if you don't enjoy reading these types of books, you will be amazed at the details this book gives you as it follows the trails of Paul Baumer. It is a book that should be read to understand that war is more than just two sides of people shooting at each other.
I couldn't believe it when I found this series in a bookstore in an airport.  I was just there to kill time waiting for my next flight, when I spotted the books.  I bought one and was immediately swept off my feet.  It's not great litterature, but it is great teen fiction. It is also a realistic portrayal of modern day witchcraft, not hollywood mumbo jumbo but reall day to day Wicca!  I was flabberghasted by the accuracy and tenderness displayed in the novel.  When my travels took me back to that airport, I made a B-line for that bookstore.  I bought the first seven books (they did not have book 8 and I believe 9, 10, and 11 have not yet been published.)  I can't wait to read the rest of the series.  I highly recommend it for teen pagans (you aren't alone!) and their parents.  Start a discussion with your parents today, give them this book before you come out of the broom closet.
Of course you'd expect nothing less from Martin Amis. He wordsmithery is incredible and, like &#34;Success,&#34; this is one funny, ribald ride. While I love his books, after a while they all seem to blur together for me. By far, this one is my favorite. There always seems to be an element of Pynchon or even Salinger in his writing, (or vice versa) and it makes for an easy, yet intellectual read. Would also recommend &#34;Success,&#34; and the books of Pynchon.
Book was in very good condition. I highly recommend it to anyone who needs a little encouragement throughout the day.
Interesting if you are looking for something different.I choose short stories and small books so I can get through them in one sitting.
Jack Whyte does a superb job in this first book in his version of the Arthur legend.  This is the way Arthur really could have come to power. I've read this series (9 books in all) at least 5 times front to back and plan to read them again often at least once per year probably.  I can't say enough good things about this author and this series!The narrator of this story is Publius Varrus, and is the first of two books he narrates.  They tell of the making of Excalibur and the Lady of the Lake among other elements.  This is an historically based telling of the legend.  The historical figures do and say the things they did and said in the 3rd century.  Amazing read!
I gave this book to a friend as a Christmas present.  I understand that she is enjoying it.  She is very satisfied with it.
This book was well written by a literate author. The plot holds the reader's interest and provokes enough curiosity that one must continue to the last page.
With ALL of the Jane Roberts/Seth books: take what you can/what feels right for YOU and discard the rest. I enjoy the Seth Material and this book because there ISN&#8217;T a dogma set up. YOU find YOUR Path, in your time. Always good dreams too. [I feel that] Anyone interested in psychology should read these books.
Sincere does a great job of explaining options.  This is a book for the beginner, but it has good lessons in there.  The basics are covered, along with an overview of some of the advanced strategies (straddles, etc.).The only criticism I have is he is light on explaining how puts work.Otherwise, highly recommended.
&quot;Gangs of New York&quot; is an energetic and entertaining history book, detailing a time in American history that most people, myself included, are largely ignorant of.  It tells the tale of the creating and the taming of one of the US's great cities, once a den of crime and vice unimaginable in today's society.  Murderers for hire, unbelievable multi-storied monuments to prostitution and drinking, riots and the like are laid out in grim detail.Gangs like The Dead Rabbits, The Plug Uglies, The Gophers, The Daybreak Boys and The Bowery Bois ruling vast sweeps of New York turf like The Five Points, Hell's Kitchen and Satan's Circus...names to conjure with.  Add into this setting a cast of characters such as Hell-Cat Maggie, Kid Twist, Gyp the Blood and the Paul Bunyonesque character of Mose the Bowery Boi, who even then was known to be a Tall Tale and not a real person, and you have the recipe for some interesting history.However, the book is not all shock-value exploitation.  While written with an eye for excitement, these are real stories of real people, complete with photographs of several prominent gangsters and magazine artwork from the time illustrating the manuscript.  It tells you something of the creating of a city, and how structures are put into place and wildness is tamed.  I was surprised to find out that The New York Times is older than the New York Police Department.  A newspaper was a greater priority than either a police department or a fire department.Anyone expecting an adaptation of the film, however, will be disappointed.  Scorsese pulled characters from history and jumbled them altogether, regardless of the years separating their lives.  It would be like a Western featuring Jessie James, Billie the Kid, Buffalo Bill, Wild Bill Hitchcock, Bat Masterson and several others who were not alive at the same time.  Also, this is a history book, so there is no story as such.  Just the passage of time.
Roller coaster ride!  This is my first Harry Hole read.  The pace is breathtaking.  Harry is sent to Sydney (a place I have actually been to) to help in the investigation of a Scandinavian national who was murdered.  He is drawn into the Aboriginal culture by a very personable detective.  Then the wild ride starts.  The writing is excellent and the plot is filled with twists and turns.I am looking forward to another Nesbo book!
I had only discovered the writing talents of Bernard Cornwell a few years ago enroute to a deployment while waiting in an airport bookstore.  I have since read the entire Sharpe series as well as the Alfred the Great series.  Excellent yarns, every one!  This one is no exception.
I found this book fascinating. Many dog watchers report that their dog goes to the window to watch some minutes before the dog's owner (or some other person to which the dog is attached) comes home. The owner may have an irregular time for coming home and may be miles away when they start coming home yet the dog seems to know that they are coming home.The author, Rupert Sheldrake, is an established scientist; biology is his field. He publishes regularly in the scientific journals.Sheldrake investigates the anecdotal evidence for dogs behaving as described in the first paragraph. He finds many such stories. Shortly after reading this book, I heard an identical story from a nephew. This nephew volunteered the dog story out of the blue unaware that I just read a book on the subject.Sheldrake then sets up designed experiments to determine if such reported activity actually occurs as opposed to the people just imagining it. He arranged for some owner's to agree to come home at random times determined by the experimenter. At the same time the dog at home would be videotape all day.Sheldrake's experiments confirmed that this dog behavior certainly does occur! The owner would be so far away to rule out smell being the trigger for the dog. The owners would sometimes come home in strange cars to rule out the possibility that the dogs recognize the sounds of a familiar car. Sheldrake also ruled out other `logical' explanations.Dogs are not the only animal that exhibit this behavior. Some cats, horses, and parrots also have this ability, but apparently not as frequently as dogs.The author then describes MANY other `unexplained powers of animals." I will mention just three.' He found pet owners who claim that their cat would run to the phone when it rang and the person calling was a person for whom the cat was particularly fond. The cat(s) would run to the phone before it was picked up by whoever was home. When someone for whom the cat was not strongly bonded called, the cat ignored the phone ring.  Some dogs also seem to know who is calling.Many animals seem to have an ability to find their way home even when they are miles away in a place they have never been before. This ability provided the basis for Walt Disney's movie, "Incredible Journey."  Sheldrake's researchers took one such dog to a strange place in a crowded city; left the dog alone and then had some people observe his behavior without the dog's knowledge. The dog wandered around his dropped off spot for about 30 minutes seemingly trying to find his bearings. And then the dog headed to home in nearly a straight line. Interestingly, during the 30 minutes of `finding his bearings,' the dog showed no sign of sniffing or smelling. For completeness I mention that many dogs (and other animals) seem to have this ability, but some dogs did not have this ability to find their home.The last example I will give is the fact that certain epileptic persons have dogs that warn the owner about 30 minutes before the person is to have a seizure. Such warnings are very important to the owners because they can go lie down and prevent falling and injuring themselves during a seizure. No one knows how the dogs know a seizure is coming, but these owners have learned to depend on their dog. Some even take the dog with them when they live their house; somewhat like a blind person having a seeing eye dog. One important difference between the `epileptic' dogs versus the seeing eye dogs is that the seeing eye dogs are trained for their behavior whereas the epileptic people's dog seem to know by instinct. No training is involved.What does all this animal behavior mean? For the author it means that there is a method of communication between living things that is outside of the electro-magnetic spectrum. Sheldrake speculates what this method of communication might be in one of his Appendices. I did not find his speculation helpful.I agree with the author; a communication system undiscovered by western science seems to exist. After all, science only discovered the electro-magnetic spectrum a couple centuries ago. A person viewing television 200 years ago would have called it magic. Why should we be surprised that there are still things about the universe not understood?This is a very readable, exciting book. I highly recommend it.
Though a short novel, Of Mice and Men is one that everyone should read. Steinbeck's strong moral viewpoint and incredible prose come together in a terrific novel.The Good: Of Mice and Men is succinct with a strong moral viewpoint. The migrant workers envision a society where they can have their basic needs fulfilled and work their own land. Their needs are simple, yet they cannot be consistently fulfilled because of their position at the very bottom of the social ladder. As with The Grapes of Wrath, Steinbeck here concerns himself with the well-being of the worst off Americans. While the basic economic and social system seems to be set against the migrant workers, the workers themselves envision a world where they can live together and share the fruits of the earth they till.Steinbeck proves himself once again to be a master of unassuming, delicate language. He describes the Salinas Valley in such concrete, yet haunting words. The characters are so vividly real. Their dialogue is so natural and unassuming. The friendship between George and Lennie becomes so real in the text that the ending it simply heartbreaking. Steinbeck is simply a master crafter of the English language.The Bad: Some people might be put off by the sad ending. I do not consider it a drawback. In fact, it is the only coherent ending the novel could have had.The Bottom Line: Of Mice and Men is a novel that shouldn't be missed.See more of my reviews @ trevsliteraryreview.blogspot.com
G. K. Chesterton was a great artist with words. To have the complete Father Brown stories at ones fingertips guarantees unlimited visits to the world of imagination along with remarkably clever and yet common sense solutions to opaque mysteries. I'm most pleased with this and recommend it heartily.
As a convenience store manager, I saw myself and peers in this book (the good, the bad and the ugly).  I laughted, I cringed, and most importantly, I learned!  A fascinating, informative and thoughtful read.  Thank you Jerry Newman for your 14 months undercover!!
John Grisham needs no praise.  We all know his work. Yet this novel is something of an completely different order from previous work. What The Great Gatsby is for the WWI era and the twenties, this novel is for WWII & Korean war and the fifties. Grisham brilliantly paints the transformation of American society.In our daily intercourse we have forgotten the familial and civic ties of small family farms and a life with minimal possessions. The nickel coke, the dime matinee, the evening baseball game on the radio were the treats of life. A can of tomatoes may have cost only a dime, but it was worth canning them at home as well as other vegetables. A dime meant something. How many people depended on gardens to live? How many wore feedsack dresses? When was the last time any of us patched an innertube? When was credit something between customer and shipkeeper, carefully entered in a big black ledger book?The world has greatly changed and this novel records what was once there, but like all great novels in its assertion of the particular it becomes universal. People had very little. Perhaps a change of clothes, two pairs of shoes. No closets full, no electronic marvels, no refrigerators and freezers and nearby supermarkets to fill them. Rural America, in Arkansas or Pennsylvania, Ohio or Missisippi was a way of life, now gone, and what we are today is a result of that change both for better and worse.
Had to read it for history class.  The first two chapters felt like poetry.  The story kept coming back and forth across a timeline.  It was disturbing reading what happened to the baby buffalo or was it a bison?
I hesitate to even call this book a thriller - though it is certainly thrilling - since that word implies a sort of disposable, entertaining-at-the-cost-of-literary-vigor style. To me, "Hannibal" is a work of art, albeit one that leaves me breathless every time I read even a few pages at a sitting. Harris has a spare yet forceful way of writing that reminds me of watching an olympic athlete at his/her peak: every move is efficient and seemingly effortless, but at the same time you can't help but see and feel the raw power under it all. As with most masterpieces, no review can convince you of how good (or bad) the work is, and I gather from looking at other reviews that not everyone agrees with me about this book. But you should at least *check* the first few pages of Hannibal, because if it's your kind of writing, you'll realize that to miss this book would be something close to a full-fledged tragedy.
Bought this book as a gift.  I understand that it is a very good book and would recommend it to everyone.
Obligatory reading for any intelligent searcher for what is real and what is not. Needs to be revisited over ones life to see that I have not yet approached the real depth of the book, just some pieces here and there, that evoke a feeling in me of the importance of human life as it could be, and the mediocrity of it as I live it, most of the time. Not an easy read at all. It can be a challenge to get through a paragraph sometimes, well over my capacity to read, yet, with repetition, little by little, it comes, not because the book gets easier, but because somehow I begin, at times, to rise up to its level. And I have to say I first read this when I was 36 and now I am 73, and starting it again.
I turned vegetarian/vegan last year, and I had heard a radio interview about the authors. It's an attractive book with yummy recipes.
I find this book really helpful. Although you need to have fresh memories about biology, chemistry to understand to book properly.
Every couple should read this book.  I want my husband to read it with me, let's see if I can pull him away from his political suspense novels.  I highly recommend this, easy to read, apply, etc.
The best thing about this book is that it quotes extensively and piquantly from the writings and speeches of Jack Welch. The intriguing list of "29 leadership secrets" (which could have been reduced to ten) is more selective than secret, given that Welch has been preaching them loudly from a very prominent platform for more than 20 years. However, the book will be valuable to Welch neophytes and to fans who want more Jack, or the essence of Jack. Author Robert Slater assumes a certain familiarity with GE's history and initiatives, and sometimes refers to them without explanation. Welch long ago transcended management to become sort of a leadership prophet, and his utterances are sometimes paradoxical, if not contradictory. He says nurture people, but downsize; he says cut bureaucracy, but implement a paperwork intensive Six Sigma program. We promise that somewhere in here, you'll find a managerial principle to fit almost any occasion. What more can you ask of a handbook?
A great book on Sales.  Really enjoyed the insight on "Implied Need" & "Explicit Need." A methodical approach. I thought this book was a breath of fresh air compared to other books on selling. I highly recommend.
I just finished reading "The Global Consultant" while on the beach in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico. That helped set the tone for a great read.Seriously, I loved it. Alan Weiss and Omar Khan provide some excellent resources to build a wealthy business, and overcome the travails of global consulting and travel.The book reinforces why I love the consulting profession, and it raises the bar for anyone in the industry.I intend to copy Bob Urichuck's strategy establishing your brand in a new country or city.  Check out chapters 1 & 2 for practical, yet highly innovatives ways to cost-effectively establish a presence in a new region or country.Lisa NirellEnergizeGrowth LLC[..]
This is the best book in the series! I read it in one day and you probably will too. It's really goodThe cons:The self sustaining hot air mobile home is a little far fetched, but it is a Lemony Snicket book and its kinda supposed to be. This probably won't bother anyone, and it doesn't bother me but I had to think of at least 1 con!The pros:The setting is really great. A city with marble buildings and fancy fountains covered in crows in the middle of a desert! It's really a creative setting for a book.The Quagmires return! The Baudelaires finally rescue the Quagmires and get to see them for more than two seconds in a an elevator shaft. It was really cool how Isidora used her poems as a code to tell the kids where they were.Count Olaf's disguise was the best yet. I won't give it away but it was "cool" hahaha!The ending was great! It was the saddest ending yet in the series but it was exciting all the same. Sunny learns to walk and the Baudelaires finally get a chance to pause and see that there baby sister is growing up. They are also on there own rather than under the care of Mr. Poe, so it leaves endless options for the next book.This is the best book in the series and you need to get it!
Even if you never cook any of these foods, this is fun reading for Little House fans.  The book is crafted so excerpts from the books which mention the foods are included with the recipes.  I haven't tried cooking any of these, but most recipes seem doable.  Good for LHOTP collections.
Fascinating analysis of military commanders - their duties, weapons, and strategies. Any person interested in history in general and military history in particular will not be able to put this down. Keegan is the best military historian who ever lived I think.
You need to read this.  For your soul, for long happiness, for fun.  Beautiful ideas wrapped in a fine story.  If you want a tutorial on positive thinking, here it is, painlessly brought to light in a delightful way!  Sad it is ended.
Appearing in 1991, this short novel conveys some of the stories Vollmann gathered during his time among the San Francisco Tenderloin, pre-gentrification, around Jones Street. While a familiar topic for this author, and one which his readers will have learned much about given his many stories set in this milieu, this is his first attempt to make a longer work out of episodes. He alludes in the preface that these are true, as told to him by prostitutes, within the fictional framework, typical of Vollmann's blending in much of his books, between fiction and fact.The grittiness is there. You see via Jimmy, a Vietnam vet on disability living in a claptrap hotel, the lesions and bruises on those with whom he mingles, and while he's out for sex, he's also in search of the titular Gloria. Almost like a sister to him as they grew up, he longs for her and whether he makes up these stories for an imaginary character or a real woman he's loved and lost, this impels him to keep paying for sex and for stories from those around him.This reminded me of Holden in "The Catcher in the Rye," and like that novel, this method Vollmann favors does risk familiarity and sentimentality among the proverbial subjects with hearts of gold. They are tarnished and tawdry here, but Vollmann makes the effort and forces us to take the time to hear their tales from past and present, and we see them as fellow human beings. This intention, the ethical motive underlying his career before and especially since this early novel, keeps him readable even when the material, as here for me, is not what I'd gravitate towards, compared to his historical and political themes in his later books (which I've been reading the past few years with pleasure, gradually reviewing here...)."The light was very red and warm; the girls were beautiful, and everything was beautiful until later when the girls got anxious and started demanding their tips." That sums up the mood. He and his pal Code Six, also a vet, watch coverage of the past war, with the sound off to block flashbacks for his friend. "The long lean bombs went swimming slowly downward like fish, until they came to the towns and became orange flowers." Not much happens. Jimmy is going downhill, the city draws him down, and everyone's on the make--as the opening vignette with Laredo, who's undercover, introduces efficiently.His downcast mood permeates this novel. "He knew life was going to get worse. Maybe stories weren't enough, he thought. But no, they 'have' to be. Stories and hair." He collects both, the latter to make some sort of snipped tribute to the elusive Gloria. This all lacks resolution, and stops suddenly, as if to jar the reader out of a stupor shared by Jimmy and those who surround him. It's a low-key narration, but Vollmann captures the feel of the down and out with his typical mix of detachment and compassion.
Although an "Oprah" book, this book is not downright depressing as the older Oprah book club selections tended to be.  The character is someone you probably know - if not yourself!  Easy to like her, easy to understand her problems.  Although the book is about a middle aged woman coming to terms with a divorce, it has manny funny and amusing parts, and is just a very enjoyable read.  I guess not Book of the Year, but a book you'll want to keep reading nonetheless.
As Harold Bloom, the critic, notes, Sun Also Rises is maybe the only Hemingway novel that these days doesn't seem like a period piece. Many of his stories are still great of course, especially the short ones like A Clean, Well Lighted Place and Hills Like White Elephants, which focus on a snatched fragment in a bar, or by a railway station to illuminate huge life truths.Over the long haul, Hemingway's style can often suffer. His terse, precise, hard man style often lags in patches over his novel length works, and at his worst he comes across as a dated, third rate social commentator. Not in this book however, Hemingway's first novel. His portrayal of wealthy, feckless expatriates in Europe in the 1920s is magnificent, with beautiful scenes crafted in sparse prose describing wet Paris streets and bars, the dusty heat of Pamplona and the tension inherent when young men travel in the company of a seductive woman.This short novel is a natural pair to Fitzgerald's masterpiece, the Great Gatsby which contains characters who are similar in many ways to the people who populate Sun Also Rises.
Nelson delivers a very readable account of the American Revolution battles in and around Lake Champlain. The book focuses primarily on the naval build up and arms race that led to an eventual British victory on the lake but a defeat at Saratoga.  There is a detour into the Canadian invasion which is probably not needed in the book and served more as distraction.  The main thesis of the book was confused and lost to me. While it provided interesting facets on several points I found myself being dragged in many different places.  For example all of these are explored but not in depth1. Why Benedict Arnold was dissatisfied with his country2. The invasion of Canada and why it failed.3. Why the battle of Saratoga was wonOverall it does provide a lot of information and is still useful but the wide breadth and lack of focus leads me to four stars. For those who really want to understand the naval build up including the types and classes of ships used this cannot be beat.  An understanding of just how important naval control of the lake was during the revolution is clearly explained and laid out.Largely I have to agree with the majority of reviewers that there is nothing wrong with the book but I wish it delivered a little bit more.  Good for those starting out and wanting a wide range but probably can pass if you have read widely on the revolution.
Great asses to have on my Kindle as the stories are not lengthy and I can read them while waiting for appointments as well as while in airports or on planes. Even can re- read them and find them enjoyable. Happy to have them.
In every novel the reader is bombarded with visual descriptions however in "Perfume", Suskind does an amazing job at describing life in 18th Century Paris by focusing on smells.  Every kind of smell that you can think of and hundreds more that our noses have become so accustomed to that we take for granted.  Never before have I read such an amazing work where someone can describe the every day smells around us the way Suskind can.The character of Jean-Baptiste is dark and hardened by the misfortunes that befall him from birth.  Even when he goes on to committ acts of murder, they are not done with a viciousness that today's serial killers possess.  Jean-Baptiste isn't killing for the thrill of the kill but for the savoring of the scent of innocence.I found this a truly riviting novel if for no other reason than enjoying how Suskind brings the sense of smell to life in this amazing novel.
Not a textbook but a fun read that everyone who calls themselves a developer should read. Boom boom boom boom.
I picked up this set of CD's to prepare for a week-long trip to Paris.  It is a fun, painless way to get exposure to the language.  It's a bit optimistic to think you'll speak French well after the course but it will give you an adequate grasp of the language, enough to muddle your way through.  The great thing about this approach is that you'll learn the mechanics of the language and be able to use it somewhat creatively in real world situations.  Drawbacks: you won't learn much vocabulary and at the end of the eight CD's, you'll wish there were more.  Michel Thomas is on to a good thing and I hope he will publish future volumes.  The Pimsleur Method (also available from Amazon) uses a similar method and offers three volumes - just shy of 50 CD's in all so if you have more time and cash, you might want to go this route.  I did just fine in Paris.  I traveled with a guy who had some high school French (so more vocabulary) and between the two of us, we were able to get by with a minimal resort to English.
I had forgotten how well written the last of the Narnia series is. Lewis is more open about the Christian basis of the series in this than in any other, I believe, but weaves it into a compelling story. There are so many elements at play, and all are done so skillfully, that it is difficult to single any one out. New well developed characters meet those from the prior stories and it is a very satisfying conclusion for all (with one exception). It is nice to finish on such a high point.
I bought these cards to review the step 1s and they did a good job covering most of the high yield topics. If you supplement these cards with the USMLE Qbank (which 99% of the people do) then you will be 100% ready for the boards. Other cards that I've tried are overly detailed and frankly too much for the boards.Other reviewers have said that these cards are not 100% comprehensive and that is true. But honestly you don't need a deck that has everything for the boards. Time is limited and memorizing every minuscule fact about drugs is very low yield.Update: I used these cards for about 5 days total to study for the boards (these cards + qbank were my main/sole source of info on pharm) and I ended up getting 245/99 on the exam. Pharm isn't my strong point and frankly the subject is like memorizing a phone book. However, these cards are great for boards and made studying slightly easier.
I would love to live in a town like Mitford.  Jan Karon has woven a beautiful story around this town and its inhabitants.
It's 2011, and I just got around to reading this book purchased four or five years ago. Should have read it sooner.Digital Photography by Dave Huss is a bit long in the tooth now with rhapsodizing about film cameras and feeling thrilled that his camera actually has a fireworks setting. We also learn here that one's PC should have at least 256 MB of ram, a laughable number today.Despite some dated information like references to Jasc Paint Shop Pro and Photoshop Elements 2, there's still plenty of useful information her for the new digital camera user or the veteran picture taker like me who forgets photography information almost as fast as he can read it.Some information withstands the test of time, however, and much of the information about picture taking strategies in various lighting conditions still holds true today. I also found the information about post processing very helpful even with references to older comuter programs. The sample photographs included in the book are excellent and help reinforce the text.As a used book for some of the sub one dollar prices listed here on Amazon, this book could be a bargain for someone willing to sift through some of the older references. If you blame all your bad pics on the camera like I do, read this book before selling your camera.
I have found it difficult to find resources about Welsh, let alone resources that are decent.  Most books about the Welsh language are disorganised.  Welsh is a complex language that has an extensive use of auxiliary verbs, a complex system for the verb 'to be', a well-developed system of mutations, etc.  Most books handle all this poorly.  This book is focused more on conversational Welsh than literary Welsh (which is much more complicated).  This book, however, does deal with aspects of the language that are not in the realm of conversation.  It offers many examples and much practise on the CDs.  It also has a good dictionary in the back, as well as citing other resources for further study.  This is one of the best books I have seen for learning Welsh.
To put it in simple words, you can pick this book and randomly open any page and read a couple of pages and you are guaranteed to learn something totally new. The book is full of facts, history, interesting case studies, techniques and methodical approaches for influencing the masses, individuals and even yourself. The audiobook is also very well narrated.
I've read this book several years ago, but I still take it out every now and then and review my notes. D.Benton's books on leadership and personal branding are never outdated. She teaches you confidence, challenges you to achieve so much more and explains how your personal brand will help you achieve success and stand out. So many tips in every one of her books!
I had been neglected by my own father who was a "narcissist". I felt responsible for this and now I know it's his problem not mine. I feel so much better.A girl had been manipulating me, guess what? She was a Histrionic one! I was shocked when I saw how similar to the book she was, and how stupid I had been.Finally, I noticed I was a passive-agressive/people pleaser SOB who never confronted anyone/anything. Now I know my flaws and where to work on. No amount of prayers, or church goings (which I had infact done) would solve my problem. WE are the ones who can do something about it, as long as we have the correct tools to do so, and Emotional Vampires, without a shadow of a doubt, provides them.It's downright scary/irritating how oblivious we can be of ourselves (weaknesses), and how easily manipulated we are, when not aware of this.If you liked the concept of personality disorders you will probably dig this one: Personality Disorders in Modern Life - Theodore Millon
As someone who came to the workplace very late in life (in a highly-paid profession), I sometimes find the workplace very puzzling!The Rules of Work is full of interesting advice, put very succinctly, in - I have to say it - a very attractively designed book. I found myself flipping from one chapter to another, eager to hear what the author had to say on quite a number of subjects.Now this doesn't mean I swallowed the advice of a man who seems calculating at best, manipulative and cold at worst.  But if you need some good ways to handle more sophisticated work situations - and you're used to handling them with the transparency of your home and church life, as I am - well, you might appreciate a little help. There are sections dealing with colleagues, career, professionalism, and ethics. A lot of it will be a good reminder of what you already know, and some will make you sit up and take notice.You might take away 2 or 3 ideas that transform your workday or your career, and for an investment of $11 and a couple of hours, I think that's a fantastic deal.
It took me a while to get around to this in my book pile, but I have to say I enjoyed it immensely.  Sometimes funny, sometimes sad and all very real and honest feeling.  To write such an entertaining novel in a voice so different that you completely understand and empathize with the narrator is a wonderful achievement.  I felt myself thinking differntley about things as the novel progressed and felt like I was a completely different person as I became the narrator.  My one small drawback to the novel is that I was so entralled in the whole thing that I felt the ending was just a little rushed and I wanted more.  A great debut novel!
In Black Ice: The Invisible Threat Of Cyber-Terrorism by Dan Verton investigates how cyber-terrorism could occur, what the global and financial implications are, the impact this has on privacy and civil liberties, and why disrupting the cyber infrastructure of the U.S. is of interest to international terrorist organizations, such as al-Qaeda. Black Ice is packed with revealing interviews and commentary from leading government authorities on national security, including Tom Ridge, James Gilmore, Richard Clarke, CIA and NSA intelligence officials - and even supporters of the al-Qaeda terrorist network.
Written in 1985, this book has maintained its place as one of the foremost critiques of the effects of television on western society.  Postman was a scholar with acute perception.  To read him is to wish you had sat in his classroom.  For impatient types who tend to flip past the Roman numerals: don't skip the short foreword.  It offers an important juxtaposition of Huxley with Orwell and reveals the social prophetic motif which frames Postman's subsequent observations on our decline.Many readers will struggle with unfamiliar terms with the first couple chapters.  But hang in there.  Chapter three begins a fascinating account of a time when books and reading dominated the attention of average Americans, when boys literally walked one hand on the plow and a book in the other, when we set the world standard for literacy, when ADD was a word and not an acronym, and when common men grappled over grand ideas such that Tocqueville could declare, &#34;An American cannot converse, but he can discuss, and his talk falls into dissertation.&#34;  Those were the days of the printed word.  That was typographic America, as Postman reminisces.Then came the telegraph, the grandfather of the television, touted for its promise to permit conversation between Maine and Texas.  It would make &#34;one neighborhood of the whole country.&#34;  But could the technology be restrained?  Could it be resisted even when there was nothing in Maine that was pressing and significant enough to justify distracting Texans from their daily work?  Would the telegraph not merely permit conversation between Maine and Texas, but demand it?  Postman chronicles how telegraphy and photography primed us for the age of television.Most people at the mention of the &#34;age of television,&#34; having neither experienced nor learned much of typographic America, would not associate it with the demise of serious, rational exchange.  They imagine TV to be yet another tool for serious discourse.  Postman insists that TV, by its nature, does not and cannot allow for such a thing.  This would not pose much of a problem if television limited itself to the realm of entertainment- if it steered clear of politics, news, religion, and education.  As we all know, it didn't.  Rather, TV swallowed everything and became its own epistemology.  Therefore, that which permits no complexity and no abstraction, which can only fragment and flash partial accounts in short segments became our chief means of thought formation.  It's not merely that we would become mentally malnourished; it's that we wouldn't realize it.  To quote the author, &#34;I am saying something far more serious than that we are being deprived of authentic information. I am saying we are losing our sense of what it means to be well informed. Ignorance is always correctable. But what shall we do if we take ignorance to be knowledge?&#34; (107).  In this way, Postman submitted back in 1985, we were amusing ourselves to death.I think Postman gave an accurate account of our past.  I also suspect if we were to travel back in time to 1985 we'd find his analysis of the present to be right on the mark.  It is his predictions of the future that have fallen short.  And this is where the Huxley/Orwell juxtaposition comes in.  Orwell, in his classic work &#34;1984&#34; envisioned the loss of freedoms at the hand of Big Brother- the machinery of an impersonal, all-watching, all-controlling government.  By contrast, Huxley in &#34;Brave New World&#34; prophesied that our demise would be of our own doing.  As Postman summarizes, &#34;Orwell feared that the truth would be concealed from us. Huxley feared the truth would be drowned in a sea of irrelevance. . . [For Orwell] people are controlled by inflicting pain. [For Huxley] they are controlled by inflicting pleasure. In short, Orwell feared that what we hate will ruin us.  Huxley feared that what we love will ruin us.&#34;  Clearly, Postman believed that Huxley had it right.  He believed that through excessive entertainment pushing out the possibility of serious subjects receiving the serious reflection they deserve, we were imploding.Huxley may have had Orwell on the ropes in 1985.  But now, we see they are both winners.  Brave New World is ushering in 1984.  There cannot sit long a lobotomized nation without a tyrant to rule over it any more than a pile of fresh meat can go unnoticed by a famished lion.  What happens when a drunk man with Ben Franklins half hanging from every pocket stumbles through a crowd?  Having amused ourselves into a defenseless stupor, we begged for Big Brother.  And we got him.  Postman declared Orwell dead before checking his pulse.One final criticism should be made.  I wondered throughout the book what Postman's remedy would be.  Not until the final pages did I discover the one an only sliver of hope against death by amusement: Education (insert 30-second pause for laughter).  He states, &#34;No medium is excessively dangerous if its users understand what its dangers are.&#34;  But, what if the users understand and don't care?  What if they are jaded by sin into perfect indifference?  Contra Postman, I submit our only hope against death by amusement is repentance and faith in Jesus Christ.
If you've ever had the urge to start and run your own business... but felt nervous or apprehensive about your ability to to actually DO IT, this is the book for you. Monica Mehta takes the reader behind the scenes figuratively and literally to show us the habits, mindsets, and behaviors that enable successful entrepreneurs to plow through fear and uncertainty. A delightful and insightful read for all aspiring (and current!) small business owners.
This was not the typical 'putting together a wedding' book. Lots of characters with interesting plot twists. A fast, fun read!
Published in 1961, a mere year before Steinbeck received the Nobel Prize for Literature, *The Winter of Our Discontent* is the culmination and thematic summation of a Great American Author, the resultant craft of a man who, over the course of his career, concerned himself with the American Ideal and the American Reality, despaired at stagnancy and loss of character, and ever fought the rising forces of material obsession and moral capitulation; it is a masterwork, albeit a slow-going and rather depressing one at that.  Steinbeck would never again produce a novel of this scope and social-penetration, nor need he try: along with *Grapes*, *Eden*, and a few other contestable entries, the man had made his mark upon the literary zeitgeist: with *Winter*, he had fulfilled his promise ten-fold, delivering a powerful fable of loss, despair and (potential) redemption.Ethan Hawley is a deeply troubled man.  A Harvard graduate and veteran, he has settled for the path of (dis)contented mediocrity.  Forced to work as a clerk in the store his father owned - and lost, due to shady speculations during World War II - Ethan continually ruminates inwardly on the past, the present, and the rather-dim looking future; he is haunted by the daunting specters of his wild, whale-hunting ancestors, an imposing legacy he feels inadequate to challenge; he endures beneath the crushing weight of perceived - and socially imposed - *failure*.  The ghosts of the ancestral dynasty are ever on his mind, while the concerns of his immediate family threaten his strongly-inlaid yet increasingly fragile moral bedrock - for his wife and children resent the poverty of the Hawley misfortune, the wife constantly giving subtle hints as to her personal shame, unable to "hold her head up high;" and the children, pining for the creature-comforts the productive 50's began to bestow (a television, new car, etc.), which the lack of solvency denies them, begin to slide into pubescent angst and experiment with the relative-morality ethic seemingly prevalent everywhere beyond the Hawley domain.In a sense (as several of the negative reviews on this page have pointed out), one feels Steinbeck has crafted a too-perfect foil in Ethan: he is almost *too* good, *too* straight-laced, and thus a rather `easy' contrast to the various corrupting forces the author perceived in the United States - and wished to combat, via the artistic craft.  And yet, and yet... there is more than enough psychological meat in the text to justify the technique. Ethan's character is complex, and complexly drawn - the reader is given the clues, well early on, that the seed of temptation actively writhes to undermine the protagonist's staunch moral code; the presentation of such is done in a way both obvious and yet subtle, for we know what will happen but wonder (and hope) that events might force these carefully-laid plans awry.  Nearly the entire novel can be thus seen as a slow, achingly certain capitulation of the primeval American standard - that is, honesty and self-reliance, coupled with integrity - and the key, then, is in making the main character likable and sympathetic in his torment.  And Steinbeck succeeds marvelously, not only in Ethan but in those around him, who alternatively tempt, encourage, repress: Mary Hawley, the loving yet anxious wife; his son Allen, already succumbing to the irresistible forces of corruption; bank-manager Baker, epitome of fat-cat syndrome; Danny, the childhood friend-turned-alcoholic wastrel; and Margie, the most vivacious and vividly-drawn, the fallen-woman & town comfort, grown desperate as the years march on... Steinbeck has the way, as with all masters of word-smithy, to fashion a character within the space of a few lines, and make them seem *real*: someone you've seen before, or perhaps known intimately.Again, I stress that *Winter* is not an easy read: the phrasing is deliberate and dirge-like, alternatively evocative and experimental (~while avoiding the excess of stream-of-consciousness); the atmosphere of New Bayton - and Ethan's inward ponderings - is gloomily suppressive, a miasma of failure, discontent, addiction and existential angst.  Even as the time-table of the novel enters into spring, then summer, the cold shadow of *Winter's* desolate, desperate themes linger on.  No, not an easy read - but, in passages, a beautiful one, and well worth the effort undergone.  It is Steinbeck's final masterwork, a thousand-year gaze penetrating the cozy illusions of the fifties and accurately predicting the turmoil of the upcoming Aquarius decade.Five Stars.
My wife have Scot ancestry and have studied Scotland and its history extenisively. I enjoyed reading this story very much and while it took a goodly amount of time to work through it (it isn't a fast read with the use of a lot of Scottish and Gaelic terms), it was a lot of fun, even if it was somewhat rough to get through.I don't recommend this for Young Adults, by any means. Ms Gabaldon doesn't cut any corners when it comes the the cruelty of that period of history in Scotland. And, she was, as far as I can determine, historically accurate in her portrayal of life, especially when someone from a later period (World War II) is suddenly thrust into Scottish life, and a woman, at that.I reserved a copy of the next book through my local library and may, at some point, add hard copy editions. I read this one on my kindle as it was offered at a bargain price. For the most part, the built-in dictionary struggled with some of the words, and failed with others.
Erich Maria Remarque (1898-1970) served in World War I, where he received wounds five times in battle. The searing images of trench warfare left indelible scars on Remarque, who then attempted to exorcize his demons through the writing of literature. "All Quiet on the Western Front" is Remarque's most memorable book, although he wrote nine others dealing with the miseries of war."All Quiet on the Western Front" is the story of Paul Baumer, a young German soldier serving in the trenches in France. Baumer's story is not a pleasant one; he volunteered for the war when his instructor in school, Kantorek, urged the class to join up for the glory of Germany. After a rigorous period of military training (where Paul and his buddies meet the hated drill instructor Himmelstoss, a recurring character throughout the book), Baumer and his friends go to the front as infantrymen. Filled with glorious ideas about war by authority figures back home, Baumer quickly discovers that the blood-drenched trenches of the Western Front are a quagmire of misery and violent death. As soon as the first shells explode in the mud Paul and his friends realize everyone back home is a liar, that war is not the glorious transformation of boys into men but rather the systematic destruction of all that is decent and healthy. As Paul's friends slip away one by one through death, desertion, and injury, Paul begins to wonder about his own life and whether he will survive not only the war but also a world without war.Remarque's book exposes all of the insanities of war. The incongruities of violent battle versus long periods of boredom repeatedly appear throughout the book. On one day, Paul and his friends sit around discussing mundane topics; the next day they are bashing French skulls during an offensive. It is these extremes that caused so many problems with the psychological disposition of the men. In one chapter of the book, Paul and several new recruits, hunkered down in a dugout, withstand hour upon hour of continuous shellfire until one of the green recruits snaps and tries to make a run for freedom. Where else but in a war could one walk through a sea of corpses while enjoying the sunshine and the gentle cadences of the birds in the trees? That such an unnatural activity as mass murder takes place surrounded by the natural beauty of the world is a theme found in many World War I authors and poets. Remarque's book is noteworthy because he does a better job of showing this strange duality than other writers.Also of interest is that this book views the war from the German side. From what I read recently, the Germans had a tough time throughout the war with rations, troop rotations away from the front, and supplies. This is apparent in Remarque's treatment of the German war effort, especially toward the end of the book when Germany begins to retreat in the face of overwhelming American military power. Paul's remarks about the evil presence of tanks are an interesting insight into the effect those iron behemoths had on the ill-equipped and exhausted Germans.The cover of this edition trumpets this as "the greatest war novel of all time." And so it is, but not in the way some people might think. This is the greatest war novel ever because Remarque's book is anti-war. Those that read "All Quiet on the Western Front" will see warfare stripped of its flag waving, parades, and John Wayne glory. War is death, with the glory going to the few who survive. Remarque makes a brilliant contribution to world literature with this riveting novel.
Here is another great and funny book from Mr. Buckley.Are these real life situations or just possibilities ?Just like his father, Christopher finds the right tone and the right sense of humor to make fun of our politicians.Mr. Buckley please keep writing and amuse us. We need it in today's political environment.Great book , and as always very well written.
There are some excellent and lengthy reviews of this book so I will not repeat anything that has already been said. This book review should be read together with my review of Stuart Hart'sCapitalism at the Crossroads: Next Generation Business Strategies for a Post-Crisis World (3rd Edition)which points to several other related books, and Kenichi Ohmae's book,The Next Global Stage: Challenges and Opportunities in Our Borderless World (paperback)All three are published by Wharton School Publishing, which has impressed me enormously with its gifted offerings.Here's the math that I was surprised to not see in the book: the top billion people that business focuses on are worth less than a trillion in potential sales. The bottom four billion, with less than $1000 a year in disposable income, are worth four trillion in potential sales.In combination, Prahalad and Hart make it clear that business suffers from the same pathologies as the Central Intelligence Agency and other bureaucracies: they are in a rut.I will end by emphasizing that I believe this author merits the Nobel Peace Prize. As the U.S. Department of Defense is now discovering, its $500 billion a year budget is being spent on a heavy metal military useful only 10% of the time. Stabilizization and reconstruction are a much more constructive form of national defense, because if we do not address poverty and instability globally, it will inevitably impact on the home front. This author has presented the most common sense case for turning business upside down. He can be credited with a paradigm shift, those shifts that Kuhn tells us come all too infrequently, but when they come, they change the world. It may take years to see this genius implemented in the real world, but he has, without question, changed the world for the better with this book, and make global prosperity a possibility.NOTE: This book comes with a DVD that is an extraordinary value all by itself. Wharton Publishing has really delivered a one-two intellectual punch, first with the book, and then with the DVD which as a short introductory presentation by the author, and then a series of 2-4 minute multi-media snap-shots of the various case studies and the "faces of poverty" transformed. I am really impressed-I've had Wharton MBAs work for me before (but please note, it was Michigan MBAs that excelled in the work I am reviewing(, examining OSS.Net and how to take it to the next level, but the work reflected in these case studies and by the author as a manager of budding intellects has taken my respect for Michagan (and Wharton) to a whole new level.Note: while this book is totally unique there are several other books that have given me enormous hope, and I list them below [my eight remaining allowed links -- for a vastly broader organized collection of collections of reviews, visit Phi Beta Iota the Public Intelligence Blog page Books (all reviews there lead back  to their respective Amazon pages):One from Many: VISA and the Rise of Chaordic OrganizationDemocracy's Edge: Choosing to Save Our Country by Bringing Democracy to LifeEscaping the Matrix: How We the People can change the worldThe Tao of Democracy: Using Co-Intelligence to Create a World that Works for AllInfinite Wealth: A New World of Collaboration and Abundance in the Knowledge EraThe Wealth of Networks: How Social Production Transforms Markets and FreedomThe Wealth of Knowledge: Intellectual Capital and the Twenty-first Century OrganizationRevolutionary Wealth: How it will be created and how it will change our livesBest wishes to all,Robert David STEELE VivasTHE OPEN SOURCE EVERYTHING MANIFESTO: Transparency, Truth & Trust
The Odessa File is an amazing novel. The story is great, the characters are strongly developed, and the finale, I think, is just as strong as the rest of the novel.If you read The Day of the Jackal, you will find The Odessa File to be very similar in style, which is a great one with an intriguing plot, edge-of-your-seat action, and clever twists.Another thing which I had previously noted in my review for The Afghan is also relevant with this novel; many parts of the story are based on facts, while many other parts are completely fictional. The line between fact and fiction in Forsyth's novels are blurred in such a way that the novel will have you start questioning history books.I'd like to end on a 'Publisher's Note', which I found very interesting before beginning Chapter One of The Odessa File:"As in the case of Mr. Forsyth's first novel, The Day of the Jackal, many characters in The Odessa File are real people. Some will be immediately recognized by the reader; others may puzzle the reader as to whether theyare true or fictional, and the publishers do not wish to elucidate further because it is in this ability to perplex the reader as to how much is true and how much false that much of the grip of the story lies."
Another gripping story from Patterson. There was a spotters the beginning of the book that was a kind of slow spot, but once through that spot, the story picked up and really started to move right along. I have enjoyed every Patterson BOOK that I have read so far and look forward to many more.
I wanted to review this remarkable series however the review from a reader from Texas dated 6/10/98 said everything I could have said.  To those who didn't like these books, well if someone's stopped payment on your reality check, don't read historical fiction.  Bad things happen to good people in those times as now and good people are forced to do unpleasant things sometimes to survive. You can bury your head in the sand and pretend that such things never happen but it doesn't stop them from happening.  These things make the story more real because they portray real life.  Claire and Jamie's love is so poignant because they are able to face adversity and fortify their love, come what may.  If you are appalled by some of things that occur then be equally impressed with the character of the main characters as they make sacrifices and suffer and become stronger because through it all they love.I've read all four of the published books and am looking forward to the others to come.  I couldn't put these books down and despite their length, read them in slightly over a month. I would agree with Jamie's assessment of the length of books, some just have a lot to say! (and I haven't been living in a cave for seven years.)  I've read many books of this genre in my spare time and never have I read a more detailed and involving romance.  I highly recommend this series.
One of the best novels ever written. Captivating, original, truly wonderful. The only bad part of the whole novel was that it ended.
This book is a 206 page powerhouse, but I want to direct you to pages 50 and 51:"The Good News"..."The good news is that the Spin model has proved to be a versatile sales tool, works across cultures, applies across industries, is equally applicable to selling services or products.""The Bad News"..."Our one million users would tell you in one voice: It's a lot harder than it seems. SPIN isn't a magic pill that you can take and turn yourself into an instant sales success. It's hard work. One of the immutable laws of business is that there's always a link between risk and reward. The more rewarding the outcome, the tougher it is to obtain. If SPIN questions were simple and automatic, then everyone would be using them already, and there would be no competitive advantage from the model. "So there you have it. You will not only have to learn the basic principles of SPIN (Situation - Problem - Implication - Need Payoff), you will also have to personalize these principles into a game plan for each prospect, current customer, former customer......and in doing so you will be ahead of the curve. You'll be far down the road from the people who are still fumbling around for a "simple and automatic" approach. You will find few books on sales that are as honest as this one. Author Neil Rackham hands you a powerful set of tools, but make no mistake about it: your success will come entirely from what you choose to do with them. VERY highly recommended.
Talk about detailed information!  Frank Gallinelli really crunches the numbers in his new book "What Every Investor Needs To Know About Cash Flow".  This book is full of examples.  It talks about determining what a property will generate in terms of cash flow, as well as determining the cost of keeping a property that doesn't sell right away, etc.  All those things you really need to consider in the real estate investing business.  Mr. Gallinelli gives example after example on HOW to do it.  This book rocks, as does Dean Graziosi's [[ ASIN:1593154461 Be A Real Estate Millionaire: Secret Strategies for Lifetime Wealth Today]].
Vollmann's 1990 saga about Norse-native contact starts slowly. He forces you over seventy pages to adapt to the mindset of marauders, and in the manner of medieval tales, he repeats motifs and phrases until you adjust to the violent, endemic tribal mentality of revenge, pride, rivalry, and honor. While this insistence may appear repetitive, so were these sources, the Icelandic stories themselves. Then he does the same, in briefer span, now in everyday tone, with Inuit origin myths. That sets up Leif the Lucky, son of Eirik the Red, who lands in Vinland. Let the first of many culture clashes commence.Vollmann therefore allows us to shift gradually from our own expectations of pace and brevity to those of a thousand years ago. There, characters may barely appear, may be given but terse backstory, and we must tease out motivations and contexts. Vollmann does this and does not: as his notes document, he may expand the situation for his needs, or he may go along with the primary text's terse declarations. He, another storyteller, then merges with his inspirations, bringing us back in time. This reminded me of Michel Faber's omniscient narrator at the start of &#34;The Crimson Petal and the White.&#34; Few historical novelists mediate to allow contemporary audiences enough of a chance to ease in, and to adjust our sensibilities away from a one-click, fast-forward milieu to one where the story accrues incrementally. Impatient readers, we begin to leave the patter of our own times (although as Vollmann keeps himself in the narrative as a 1987 traveler, current times never recede for long), and we start to follow the thoughts and conversations of Victorian parlor, or polar-bound or mead-hall, conventions.Impatience opens the novel: Norway feels too small. Iceland seems too settled. Exile or flight appears the only options for thuggish, stubborn, or deluded dreamers, caught up in a common, magically transmitted sensation of all-encompassing snow that shrouds one in illusory but convincing warmth. Vollmann explained to Larry McCaffery how &#34;the characters in The Ice-Shirt see some way of escaping from whatever they are, either by changing their locations and going to Vinland, or becoming the sun, or whatever. That may or may not be an illusion on their part, but at least it&#8217;s their hope not to be fixed.&#34;The Inuit share this restlessness, as even the first two beings created in their white world wonder at fulfillment: &#34;What is loneliness? Does the lonely space between two rocks vanish when spanned by a spiderweb?&#34; (93) The novel then shifts into the contacts between the Norse who, having settled Iceland and Greenland, seek another shore in Markland, Slab-Land, and Vinland: the Atlantic fringes of what today we know as the Maritime Provinces.First, Eirik's daughter--by a mother who may not be a being we'd recognize--Freydis, seeks her own quest. She has been captivated by the shirt of the title, and the dream that compels her to leave Greenland to seek Vinland's promise, for her own greed and her own power. However, on her mission, she must climb a peak in Greenland. &#34;Blue-Shirt Glacier was a pillar to mark her way. The sun wheeled round and round the mountains, making each snow-tip orange in turn while the rocks fell and the ice shattered, instantaneously swelling the roar of waterfalls, and the creeks trickled and the tundra meadows moved scarcely a muscle in the world. It was all unspeakably grand and beautiful. The world was still being created here.&#34; (177) Vollmann excels in a set-piece passage that follows, as Freydis proves herself and meets her foe, her lover, and her dark lord, Black Hands.In Vinland, she draws her rival Gudrun into the fray. &#34;Oh, just as the Bear-Shirt made men see red-leaf forests through a hot rainy haze of blood; just as the Blue-Shirt made the wearer's world glitter cold and grand and beautiful in a thousand twinkling mirrors, so the Gold-Shirt glared and shone like the sun's eye&#34;(242). Freydis goes to hell and back; others trade scraps of coveted red cloth and pails of milk to the Skraelings, as the Norse gain fur and amass riches. But the natives grow restless, and soon clashes among the settlers and against the natives put an end to the Vinland colony.Vollmann over about 350 pages of narrative, enriched by his sources, glossaries, and commentary, dips in and out of the tale. He mixes lengthy digressions to bring his characters into the conflicts of the original sagas, and he blends his conversations with the natives on Baffin Island and Greenland. These show how the imagery he immerses this book in reverberates a thousand years later. As a fellow traveler to the former Slab-Land, Baffin, tells him in 1987: &#34;If you hear a river moan, you know it has life.&#34; (211) In this novel, despite some languor in Vollmann's endemic drive to not leave a detail or a factoid out of his presentation, the stylistic leaps and the thematic sprawl produced attest to his dogged determination to recreate the mood of the Norse who possessed a similar desire for success. Their failure, and the predicament of those who, a millennium later, find themselves again colonized by Scandinavia, across the lands near the North Pole, leave their own telling mark on us.The last pages of &#34;The Ice-Shirt&#34; narrative tell over the past five centuries of the Skraelings captured and forced to board the English or Danish ships taking them back as souvenirs for the Europeans. A poignant coda, this allows Vollmann to contrast the homeland of those who call themselves the Inuit, &#34;the People&#34; in Greenland today. Of their counterparts to the south, on Vinland, known as the Micmac to the French, it appears that they survive, but again, in a manner beholden to those who supplanted them as they moved west across the ocean. That western impact resumes in the early 1600s with the second installment in &#34;Seven Dreams,&#34; (1992) &#34;Fathers and Crows.&#34; P.S. As Vollmann told The Paris Review, he started to test out his craft with &#34;Ice,&#34; but compared to &#34;Fathers&#34; and then &#34;The Rifles,&#34; his debut &#34;Dream&#34; has its rough spots; so next to the other two, I will give this a solid four stars out of fairness.
As a reader you will get a &#34;treat and a trick&#34;. The treat is a good story with lots of great action!!! The trick is the book's ending is sophomoric.
Happy with this purchase. I'm planning to take an American Sign Language class, Spring 2014 at the local college and the ASL dictionary is a great tool/
THE MARLINSPIKE SAILOR, now in its 46th year, is one of the half-dozen or so "essential" books in any sailor's working library. Just a bit less cumbersome than THE ASHLEY BOOK OF KNOTS. THE MARLINSPIKE SAILOR is an excellent book to keep on board to teach yourself or your crew the fundamentals of working with rope, so critical a part of sailing.I find Mr. Dupre's criticism of the use of nautical terminology in THE MARLINSPIKE SAILOR to be a bit ironic; after all, that's like saying a cookbook makes too many references to kitchen utensils.
Edward Crankshaw's biography of Maria Theresa is a well-written study of a famous but under-biographied monarch, which is not fully comprehensive but well worth reading.Part One, `A Sea of Troubles', is the best part, and covers Maria Theresa's desperate struggle to hold onto her territories when her right to inherit the Habsburg lands after her father's death was challenged by most of the sovereigns of Europe, who fancied grabbing what they could of them (they had never before been ruled by a woman, and treaties with Maria Theresa's father acknowledging her as his heir appear to have been viewed as scraps of paper). Unfortunately in Part Two the book turns into more of a general study of Maria Theresa's age - her court, her nobility, her buildings, and composers such as Gluck, Haydn and Mozart - and is far more about her era than about her. Part Three picks up and becomes more interesting, but after Part One the book never really returns to being what might be termed a personal biography. It's very much a study of a ruler - one who, Crankshaw makes out a persuasive case, started her reign with high principles and was gradually taught dissimulation and even treachery, and who was certainly not without faults and even absurdities of character, but who nonetheless did great good for her peoples and, by reforming government and taxation, created a system of government that removed the need for revolutionary violence.As has been pointed out elsewhere there is very little about Maria Theresa's children (except her eldest son, the Holy Roman Emperor Joseph II, and a bit about Marie Antoinette at the end), but the book has other strengths, such as its depiction of the struggle between Maria Theresa and her implacable enemy Frederick the Great. Chapter Sixteen, about Joseph II - a very different character from his mother - is also particularly good, as is the chapter about the Seven Years War.This book left me wanting to read more about Maria Theresa. Crankshaw, author of books such asThe Fall of the House of HabsburgandThe Habsburgs: Portrait of a Dynasty, had excellent credentials for writing about her, and this is the best of the two biographies of her that I've read (the other was by Paul Tabori). Yet it's not the sort that's so exhaustive that the reader will be left feeling that there's nothing more that could be said about its subject. It's best treated as an insightful introduction.
This is a very real, organic novel. No mystical far-off kingdoms, no heroical protagonist in center stage.It is about a very down-to-earth teenage boy experiencing usual, sometimes deviant thoughts and behaviors, the kinds of thoughts and behaviors some of us want to think or do if we did not care about the repercussions.I think that fans of A Clockwork Orange would like this. Its plot is not as fictional, but I believe it substitutes some of A Clockwork Orange's dysfunction with melancholia, which is something more relatable to for most.
When I saw the trailer, I felt it was like another fugitive clome movie.  But I was curious about the sniper story, so I got a copy and started reading.  Boy, this book got my 100% attention!!How much attention?? Well, let me say that as I kept reading and flipping pages, I lost track of time that I needed to sleep!!! I was reading til 3am.  Has very good detail on the weapons and didn't waste too many pages on putting too much detail like Clancy and other authors.  We are all grown ups to get some of the details in our minds.Will surely watch the movie, but I got a feeling is gonna give audience a Fugitive type of movie instead of Bob's story.
Footnotes galore, tons of material used for research, covers every aspect I was interested in.  Clear prose, meaty meaty meaty.
This book is definatley better in retrospect. I completely hated it upon reading it, however now I find it charming and unique.Even if you're not initially interested in it, I would recommend reading it since it's a classic.
This book has a tremendous amount of valuable information for those of us who want to understand what investments are actually about. There is a lot more to it than the simple bromides peddled in the popular press and media. Yet, when you get some basic concepts down, they become easier to understand and evaluate. The popular press is misleading in its oversimplification and silly statements (like "no one is buying today").I want to praise this edition's organization. Since it is a text designed for use by students, the fifth edition I used is organized most helpfully. Each chapter has an overview and there are concept check questions at key points of the text that help you assess if you really understood the information you just read. The main points are restated in a concise summary at the end of each chapter and you can review the key terms to make sure you are absorbing the vocabulary.There are valuable websites listed along the way for additional and related information. The authors and publisher also provide a website with materials including spreadsheets directly related to this book. The part of the site with online quizzes has a few typos and scoring errors, and that should be fixed, but the online materials are generally ok.The chapter problems are another matter. Some are really projects and should be separated, I feel, from the study questions. They are good to do if you have the time and will certainly help your learning, but they can take some time to work through.Some of the questions are very simple and are really a quick concept check and they seem out of place when placed along side the "projects". One VERY NICE feature of the questions is the inclusion of sample CFA (Chartered Financial Analyst) exam questions. This is very useful for those of us thinking about preparing for that process.It is also worth getting the Solutions Manual. ISBN 0-07-233921-7. Don't by a mismatched solutions manual! As you work through the problems, especially the "projects" it is nice to see how these problems are handled by the authors.
I really enjoyed this book but like many books of this type it seemed like the information could have been conveyed in many fewer words. On the plus side, though, it's a really useful book for both teachers and learners.
I both loved and abhored this book. I loved the writing style and the fact that M.Scott Peck is one of the few author's who actually seems to know what he is talking about. I was disconcerted by the idea of human evil, I suppose, because it's a disconcerting idea to begin with. This was a book that really made me think.
I had stopped reading books on sales due to numbing repetition and the same old 'techniques' dressed up in new clothes.  Pitch Anything has made dramatic improvements to my company's sales performance and for my consulting and coaching clients.  I refer to this book often and was compelled to add this review after one of my clients won a major deal against a huge competitor from overseas.  Read this book and start to practice and apply its lessons.
Well first off I would like to tell anyone who doesn't have a solid working knowledge of calculus (including multivariate) to avoid this book as it requires multiple integrals and infinite series and sequences. Now onto the good and the bad:THE GOOD:This text explains concepts very well and is FULL of examples. I mean literally 3/4 of the book, maybe more, is examples. Every chapter also has a section of problems that have partial solutions, which can come in very handy. This is pretty much all that is good about this text, but keep in mind that explaination is the most important part of any textbook.THE BAD:The proofs skip plenty of steps. And I mean plenty, so much that a proof in the book would take 5 lines but when my professor proved it in class it would take him nearly 15. Also while there are tonnes of examples, too many are theoretical and very hard. I took this course first term of my second year, and it's too much to ask from second year students to solve these kinds of questions. Also there are lots of homework questions, however no solution manual, only the very few solved in the back of the book (which is better than nothing I suppose). The book also costs a hefty amount of change and is suprisingly small, not even an inch thick. However the worst thing about this book is how the author leaves important things in with the text often. Often key terms and formulae lie within the text, and are made to not look important at all (so go to class to see what's stressed!). However most these things are small, and overall the text is a good intro to probability theory.
Very educational. if you are as interested in ancient civilizations as i am, this is worth getting. glad i bought this. Kind of a boring read but very interesting.
Isn't it wonderful, that we can laugh at ourselves?  No, it's wonderful that we can laugh at Andy Borowitz.  Even if you're not a millionaire--not  that I know anyone who isn't--Andy makes not being rich almost palatable.  Money is the scariest subject on earth, but this guy for once allows us to  scare it back.  As for the &quot;sexy&quot; part, I wouldn't know.
I'm an avid reader & think  nothing is better than a good book. This is hands down my favorite series. I have read & re-read them many times & am never bored. I cannot overstate my affection for living with Jamie & Clair through their adventures & family. Diana has woven such a complete tale of historical reference, fantasy, love, & simple every day details of the time, that the series defies any label. My only caution is if you are the type of person that would be offended by graphic details of rape or other sexual situations, and torture this may not be for you. I consider myself open minded, but will admit some of the scenes as part of the story were very cringe worthy, mainly due to Diana's attention to detail. It would be a terrible shame for you to miss this wonderful tale & I would recommend you read & skim over the parts to graphic. I promise the real torture involved will be waiting for the next installment to arrive.
Haruki shares a great insight of the mind of the runner, and it has inspired me to read and run more, so yeah, recommend for sure
Hafiz is amazing. Like I say in one of my other review's: open up to any page and read a poem... and your stress will melt away. His poetry puts everything into perspective.
This book took a little over a week to arrive, which is more time than most books take to arrive.
This book is the best book on pricing..It's all there..formulas..graphs...case studies...examples....the book is kinda pricey (ironically!!..LOL)..But, if you are thinking of pricing your product..it could make you alot fo money in the long run...I 1st got the 1st edition at a thrift shop....This review is for the 3rd edition...I can't afford the 4th edtion yet!!!...oh the irony......
I love the twists Chesterton includes with his religious references - would have loved to meet him and Fr. Brown, too!
A combination reference and reading guide, this encyclopedia about dogs covers dogs in history, dog breeds, dog biology, and dog care. In some ways, it is a reference guide and this is how most people will approach it. But in other ways, this book also presents some good reading material, particularly in the first few chapters where the author talks about the role of dogs in history.The longest part of this book is chapter five, where each dog breed is pictured and profiled. Here, you can learn some new facts about specific breeds, like the reason they were initially bred, along with more common facts, like the average height and weight for each.There are a couple of things about this guide that are not the best. First of all, the fifth chapter- the one with all the dog breeds- isn't very well organized. It contains too many categories for dogs (scent hounds, sight hounds, gun dogs, etc.) and this can make it difficult to find a specific breed. In many instances, you are better off just looking up the breed name in the index.The other thing about this guide that makes it incomplete is the limited information contained in the final chapter about dog care. In this chapter, there is a brief discussion of topics like health, nutrition, traveling with dogs, selecting the right breed, and so on. This is important information to know, but the author devotes only two pages to each of these areas. This isn't nearly enough for topics as important as these.Still, this encyclopedia is a good reference guide for those who want to know more about dogs, both past and present. It makes a good resource to consult for finding facts about specific breeds and for learning more about the dog's physical structure, history, and various roles as hunter, worker, and family friend.
Before you read this book, you should be aware that it is a fraction left leaning. That is OK I guess, if you want balance go and read a book that leads to the right. That aside it is an extremely good book. The reason why is that it is jam packed with information. I consider myself very well read and I learnt heaps that I did not know. It explains the cold war in detail, why Russia did what it did. It might be a fraction too soft on Russia, afterall Stalin killed his fair share of people and then some. It deals with WW1, WW2, the civil war, peacetime, wars with Spain. All in all it explains a huge amount. For those whose understanding of history is a bit hazy, you will be amazed by this gook. For those that are reasonably up to speed, even you will get heaps out of it.Overall this book was outstanding. I had high hopes and they were exceeded. It is a fraction left leaning, but take that in your stride and use it as a tool of learning so many things. The amount of information inside is exceptionally impressive. Oh yeah its very well written, the font is large and easy to read, its in hardcover too. Great book, six stars out of five,,,, I mean a really really really good book.
It's obvious from the start of the Introduction that the author Ron Roberts is an experienced leadership trainer and coach.  The Introduction unlike so many other books, tells you exactly what to expect and what to do to get the most from The Well-Balanced Leader.  It also includes a short self-assessment so that your results quickly direct you to the sections of the book relevant to your needs (there's also a longer online version the reader can take although one has to pay for this).  All of this in just four and a half pages.The author's research suggests there are nine facets that relate to either an ego-centric or other-centric approach to leadership.  The nice thing about these nine facets is irrespective of the research, they make intuitive sense.  This makes it easier for the reader to accept the concepts and provides impetus for that all important buy-in to learning to become a well-balanced leader.Roberts' coaching background is also evident in the way he directs you to one of the nine facets of leadership that you currently manage well in addition to those areas one needs to improve, to provide a balanced approach to learning.This book is interactive learning at its best.  Having been directed to the chapter that suits your needs, the reader is presented with explanations, cases and exercises to explore the various ways one might continue to employ, or master this particular aspect of leadership.The book is well written and very easy to follow.  I particularly liked the author's use of analogies and metaphors (that everyone can relate to) to make key points.  For example, many authors have used the analogy of a car journey - Roberts does this particularly well to involve the reader in a leadership journey.There are two areas on which I'd like further information or clarity.  They both involve the questionnaire.I appreciate that brevity is important in a book. However nine paired questions do not seem enough to provide a balanced and valid assessment of one's "ego-centeredness" versus "other-centeredness".  For example, it was not evident to me how the question "When someone hurts my feelings or upsets me, I don't get that upset" can be described as "Holding on and Clinging" versus "Letting go, Being Generous and Compassionate" (Face 7).  Additionally, Face 9 on the score sheet was listed as "Ego-Centric" - "Other-Centric" (which to me was a summary of the nine facets rather than one particular face) whereas in the explanation this face was described as "Self-Focused Silo-Thinking" versus "Other-Focused Systems-Thinking".  To be fair, the author does describe the questionnaire as the "Egolibrium Mini Assessment".  Perhaps the fuller online version of the questionnaire would shed more light on this.I was also confused with the scoring as I was instructed to add the scores then divide by the number of questions.  Neither this sum nor the average was used again.As the questionnaire is a key part of the learning approach taken with this book, further clarity would be useful.  As a personal point of interest, it would have also been nice to see the author's scores on the questionnaire as a demonstration of his journey to becoming a well-balanced leader.All in all, this book is a very good learning tool for developing leadership capabilities.
Fantastic photographs with a complete explanation for the use and how to grow the most common herbs and some i did not  know about. Also,how to use them for medicinal puposes. Best herb book i have ever seen. It was recommended by my nursery man.
this book is wonderful for the creative thinker....he does take you into the way the mind works and how to keep a permanent customer, not just the surface work of attracting them, but keeping them, like seinfeld said, dont just take the reservation, hold the reservation...like customers, we want them to return...easy to read, excellent book to keep well after your business is started...love it
This is a review of the 1985 edition. Brogan is a British historian, and his book is a strong survey of American history told from a mainstream-Left perspective. It is well-written, and in places it does remind me of Howard Zinn's "Peoples' History of the United States." He has this to say about the JFK assassination: "An official investigating commission, headed by Chief Justice Warren, found that the President had been shot by a solitary psychotic, like Lincoln and McKinley before him; but it tortured the evidence to arrive at this conclusion. It seems more likely that the assassination was the work of a small-time, semi-criminal, semi-political conspiracy, but the truth has never been satisfactorily established. Whatever it may be, the event was a reminder of all the ugly, chaotic forces in American life..."
Before my review, let me state that no matter how much you think you can stomach, you should probably check with your doctor or shrink.  This book is just plain sick (yes, that is a pun).The story is rather simple.  Clarice, after local police mess up a drug bust she was in charge of, is told to find Lecter.  On her way to find him, she meets Mason Verger, Lecter's only surviving victim.  Barely surviving, anyway.  See, Lecter gave him a drug, and told him to cut his face off.  Now, in a bubble, he helps Clarice.  But then he sells her to Krendler, who despises Clarice, after he made an offer, and she refused.  Where is Lecter?  Read to find out.I read this book after having seen the movie.  And after reading it, I would change my rating of the movie down to a three.  Why?  It cuts out my favorite charactor: Margot Verger, Mason's sister, who he raped many times in their childhood.  I don't like her because of her looks or something, but because she is interesting.And the movie leaves out a lot of Mason's and Hannibal's past.  In this book, we learn just how sick he was, and why he liked his history book (that bit was just plain sick, no pun intended).  And what of Hannibal's sister, Mischa?  Ah, can't win them all.The book is rather well written, and plotted.  A little too much dialougue though.  Luckily there is a nice amount of pieces that make you go &quot;Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!&quot;.  And that is just what gives the book its charm!
One may ask why that day was chosen to tell the story of Ivan Denisovich Shukov. Why not another day? Why not other circumstances? Why not other events? Would it matter to the storyline?  They are perhaps questions that warrant only the most summary of deliberations.  Stalinism was at its very core a lugubrious system of fantastic cruelty yet equally rampant mediocrity. In many despotisms, one would expect to find the `establishment' well taken care of. Even in North Korea the soldiers are given priority for rations over their civilian counterparts (although recent footage suggests for the first time even the soldiers there are hungry).  In the Stalin led U.S.S.R, the whole system was rotten, with prison guards needing to steal and siphon off supplies and parcels destined for prisoners to achieve even a fraction of what normal societies deem necessities. Only those at the upper most levels of bureaucracy stood to benefit under Stalin without having to directly sponsor their own survival and lifestyle with theft and local corruption.  So to Shukov, each day brought the same. Life under bored, cruel guards, wretched food, insufficient supplies, hard labour, little hope.It is said that tyranny is petty, and Solzhenitsyn captures this perfectly -prisoners must take off their hats 5 paces before passing a guard and replacing it no sooner than two paces after, any prisoner found alone will be sent to lock-up, only one pair of boots, work is only called off when temperatures are below -41 degrees.The dystopia contained in One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich is in many ways worse than that in George Orwell's Nineteen-Eighty Four.  For one, it is an accurate representation of actual lives and treatment.  Second, there is no Room 101, where dissidents are brought to heel, just the slow, certain deprivation and degradation of the human being within the gulag system.  As this book depicts, the primary goal of anyone in a gulag is sustenance. To achieve it requires nothing less than the surrender of your pride.  Gnaw on even the most rancid meat. Savour the vilest of skilly. Stuff a slice of bread in your bed-bug infested mattress for later.  Solzhenitsyn sums up this desperate existence "A bowl of thin cabbage soup, all scorched up, was as grateful to them as rain to parched earth. They'd swallow it in one gulp. That bowl of soup - it was dearer than freedom, dearer than life itself, past, present and future." Still, this hunger pales in comparison to the Soviet famines where, according to Solzhenitsyn in The Gulag Archipelago, people were so hungry that many resorted to cannibalism, some parents went so far as to eat their children. This level of starvation was all behind Shukov, yet still his life was governed by the iron grip of an empty stomach.The zeks (prisoners) lives are so inextricably tied up in the collective adherence to petty rule and synchronous habit that they inevitably become the punishers of other prisoners themselves. It is curious because the prisoners so willingly allow the siphoning off of their rations for some sort of common good, and don't seem to begrudge the odd personal gain where it arises, unless it comes at a cost to the team in general. This balance of acceptable behaviour reminded me very much of Richard Dawkins The Selfish Gene, where Dawkins beautifully explains how a population in which each person only fended for themselves would be vulnerable to exploitation by a pair working in common, and a population where everyone worked and shared equally would be vulnerable to someone working only in their own best interests.  Therefore, a population may be most stable where individuals more or less work together, but still afford each other `some' grace to pursue individual goals where it doesn't interfere with the common good. And so it goes.I haven't seen anyone else make this point (though I am quite sure many have), but to me it is obvious that Solzhenitsyn has written himself in to several of the characters.  Medical assistant Kolya Vdovushkin (really a university student of literature) is an allegory of Solzhenitsyn, writing anti-soviet material on pages 20-22. Solzhenitsyn was sentenced in 1945 to 8 years in the gulags for this very crime.  Further, Shukov, originally found himself posted to a regular gulag, before being transferred to a `special' camp reserved for political and intellectual prisoners. Again, this is something that happened to the author.  The story itself is relatively straightforward and necessarily (given its 130 odd page fixation with a single day) well written. Solzhenitsyn was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1970 in which he was recognised for the high moral level of his work in the tradition of the best Russian literature. Perhaps a point of irony, at the time because he wasn't considered a writer by the Soviet Union as he had been censored and banned from joining any of the organisations required to earn a living from his writings there. Very much like the works of Goldstein in Nineteen-Eighty Four, one could only obtain a copy of Solzhenitsyn's works surreptitiously. For writings on such matters censorship is the highest compliment of all as it indicates the work has simultaneously told some undesirable truth and harangued the intended targets. It is perhaps where rich pickings are to be had, for the more tyrannical the prosecutor, the more ironic the prosecution. Vladimir Putin proved as much by presenting Solzhenitsyn a humanitarian award in 2007, at the same time waging a barely disguised violent crackdown on anti-Kremlin media outlets! Humorous, if only by accident.
The author is an old-style gent and something of an oddball. I like that in a man! The information is well written and much of it is all but impossible to find elsewhere. In addition to telling you what various herbs are good for he tells you what parts of the plant to use, how to prepare and use it and any cautions you should know. Get this book if you're serious about moving away from the kinds of pharmaceutical poisons they're advertising on TV all the time (you know, it'll reduce wrinkles but your liver may shut down or your heart may stop!) This isn't the only reference you'll need, but it's one of the best.
Marian Taylor has been engaged as governess at Gaze Castle, set on a remote and lonely faraway coastline. The tale begins with her growing sense of foreboding as she realizes that she been separated from the normal and understandable world. Instead, she finds herself in a web of murky forces, among a group of strange people living with a dark, unspoken secret.At the center of the enchantment is Hannah Crean-Smith, the beautiful and mysterious lady of the castle. Marian soon learns that she is held in thrall, captive but willing, suffering but serene. While Marian's natural impulse is to fight for Hannah's freedom, she ultimately discovers that the forces of confinement are relentless, immovable, and overwhelming.Murdoch portrays good and evil with a mastery that is uncanny and unsettling. And as always in her work, the writing in and of itself is powerful and evocative. The following description of a short trip from Gaze to a nearby town serves as an example..."It was a clear day. The sea, at the horizon a hazier blue, faded away into azure light and became sky. To the north the bastions of limestone were a dark purple. To the south the land sloped now and the cliffs had ended. A few scattered cabins and tiny walled fields lined with blazing fuchsia appeared on the seaward shelves. Then there was the little harbour of Blackport with its yellow and black lighthouse and a cluster of sails and a long green headland beyond. Here the landscape was gentle, ordinary, human. It was the end of the appalling land."The Unicorn resonates on many dimensions and makes for rich and rewarding reading.
I so enjoyed reading this one and I am not an avid fan of John Grisham. This was funny and I couldn't wait to get back home,from my Christmas shopping sprees, to pick it back up again. I didn't want it to come to an end. I dare anyone to read this and not be just a little bit tempted to do the same thing that Luther wanted to do. I'm still considering it myself  for next year. Don't hesitate to buy this one and get an extra one to give as a present. It's good  for many laughs and the story wraps  up well. Just a little Christmas humor there.Grisham may want to consider writing comedy for a while. I read somewhere that odds are this one will be a made-for-televison movie by next year. Merry Christmas readers!!
This applied mathematical textbook gives a comprehensive review of the techniques of Wavelet, Fourier. and Time Frequency Transforms.  It also describes the application of these mathematical techniques to a variety of signal processing domains especially Image Processing and Compression. It is written for the graduate student in applied mathematics or electrical engineering who has a mature knowledge of transforms and mathematical techniques.I wish that this excellent handbook were expanded to provide some guidance for the technical layman on a physical understanding of these techniques, programming methods to exploit these methodologies and a wider understanding of the application domains.  I know that this is possible even in these extremely mathematical domains from such works as Barbara Hubbard's "The World According to Wavelets: The Story of a Mathematical Technique in the Making". "Who Is Fourier?: A Mathematical Adventure" by Transnational College of LEX, and the O'Reilly handbook to the OpenCV Image Processing Library--"Learning OpenCV: Computer Vision with the OpenCV Library" by Gary Bradski and Adrian Kaehler.--Ira Laefsky
The substance of this book bodes well for the future of J2ME. As you may known, there have been several books on J2ME published in the last year. Like &quot;Java Development on PDAs&quot; by Wilding-McBride. For the most part, these have been aimed at someone completely new to J2ME development. They have tended to focus on the client side, because this is more tangible and easier to explain.Here Yuan shifts the focus to the server side. He does have screen shots of some client UIs and related code. But the bulk of the discussion moves to server related issues, like how can you sync to a database, or how to send SMS messages in a network. You can consider the book to be focused on connectivity. Not at the lowest level of network connections, but at a higher conceptual level of hooking to existing applications.In part, this is because UI capabilities are much more limited compared to those on a full Java desktop or even a laptop. But it is mostly because the bigger value is in building logic on the server.Sound familiar? Mainstream java traced this route from applet development in 1996 to, a few years later, J2EE/XML on the server, when people realised that is where java is best suited. In about half the time, J2ME is walking down the same path. Yuan does not suggest this, but the impression I got from the book is that in a few more years, if J2ME is running on a server that is not as resource constained as its clients, then it may be replaced by J2EE. It seems that if server side J2ME is to prosper, it may be only on very physically limited servers.
In his classic collection of aphorisms, The Trouble With Being Born, the Romanian-French essayist Emile Cioran, makes the following remark: "Once we reject lyricism, to blacken a page becomes an ordeal: what's the use of writing in order to say exactly what we had to say?" James Joyce spent seventeen years composing and recomposing a book that he undoubtedly knew would be unintelligible. This maddening monstrosity, this monumental darkness, takes on the universe itself in its mixture of breathtaking poetry and emptiness. It is at once the saddest and the funniest book ever conceived. Our heart breaks for the author, a man nearly blind, poverty stricken, sickly, in whom such ambition was festering, in whom such an enormous soul flashed and fizzled. Thank you, Mr. Joyce, we remember you fondly.
I bought this for my husband and he read it in a day.The information is very helpful and very interesting.
Powerfully written, poignant and humorous. It hits too close to home, as my wife is battling metastatic breast cancer, but a great book.
Will it be swine flu?  Was that a test run?  This is one of the best books to blow the lid off the medical profession and how they have created one of the biggest medical horror-shows in history - the coming super plague - and it will be like nothing seen before.  Read this book before its too later.A great book by a great man!  A hero!Three other books that are just as important now, before universal vaccination creates the plague it claims will prevent:Vaccination Horror: An anthology of important works on vaccination pseudoscienceThe Vaccination Myth: Courageous MD exposes the Vaccination Fraud!The Poisoned Needle: Suppressed Facts about VaccinationBe informed!
I first heard of Erma Bombeck when I was 13. My mom had gone to the doctor and came home with the news she was pregnant. I was the baby up until then so you can imagine her shock. My dad, being funny, brought home a pillow that said, " It's A Crying Shame," and a book by Erma Bombeck. That book was If Life Is A Bowl Of Cherries, What Am I doing In The Pits? My dad got hit by the pillow but the book cheered my mom up.When I saw this book on Net Galley I had to get it. But, I admit, that I was wondering if a book that my mom related to in the 70's is a book that would be relevant now. The answer to that is both yes and no. Family, motherhood, children, marriage changes all the time, yet in many ways stay the same. However there are some things in it that are dated. I did not think it took away from enjoying the book and relating to it. Actually I think it presents a funny slice of life from time gone by. Erma Bombeck was funny in the 70's and she is funny today. Her advice in the last part of the book was both touching and relevant. Erma had a gift and she shared it.I loved this book. From start to finish it was fun reading. If Life Is a Bowl Of Cherries, What Am I Doing In The Pits tickled my funny bone and touched my heart. The new version for the kindle contains an added part. A Biography of Erma Bombeck. I enjoyed reading about her. She wrote from the heart. There are photographs included of Mrs Bombeck  and her family. They look very nice on the Kindle. What a beautiful bride she was. I recommend this book and am very happy to see it released in ebook form.
Thanks G-d for Oprah! The book has been written a long time ago, but only now it got all the attention it really deserves.Similar to other Holocaust books, it is not an easy reading - but it does not simply plays on your emotions."Night" not only makes you cry, it makes you think and doubt. I have read the whole trilogy ("Night", "Dawn" and "Accident") in two days  and would recommend to everybody to continue with the trilogy, to see how the character and the philosophy are developing."Night" is one of the rare books I would always remember and  think about - even though I would probably not re-read it, because of the strong emotional impact. The book was worth bying anyway, simlply because I would lend it to many of my friends.
I enjoyed reading about Elizabeth I and relearning how intertwined the European countries were at this time. It is well written.
In this phenomenal and instructive guide to a better and more fulfilled of less pain and more spirituality, M Scott Peck takes us through the steps we need to take and the realities we need to internalize in order to lead a happier more pain-free and fulfilled life.This book is divided into four sections:1 Discipline2 Love3 Growth and Religion4 GraceDiscipline, the author explains, is the basic set of tools we require to solve life's problems. There are essentially four ingredients of this:Delaying gratification, acceptance of responsibility, dedication to the truth, and balancing.Peck explains the will to use these tools as love.He explains love as 'the will to extend one's self for the purpose of nurturing one's own or another's spiritual growth.Finally the author while acknowledging the harm caused by a very narrow and stringent form of religious observance also warns against the unfortunate and destructive tendency of many psycotherapists to dismiss religion and belief in G-D as a pathology and the Enemy.Peck go's on to explain how we can only attain full happiness and truth through oneness with G-D.He explains how he came to the knowledge that miracle are indeed a part of reality."What are we to do-we who are properly sceptical and scientific minded with this 'powerful force', originating outside of human consciousness which nurtures the spiritual growth of human beings".The author also points out the scientifically proven facts, originally expounded by Karl Jung's theory of collective conscience, that part of our knowledge and wisdom is genetically inherited.Finally Peck explores the problem of evil."There really are people and institutions made up of people who respond with hatred in the presence of goodness and would destroy the good as far as it is in their power to do so. They do this not with conscious malice, but blindly lacking awareness of their own evil, indeed seeking to avoid such awareness."I believe this evil today is manifested in terrorism, totalitarian regimes and ideologies and opposition to Judeo-Christian civilization.A helpful and deeply analytical work of which it's relevance is demonstrated by it's continued popularity 30 years after it's original publication.
Clearly one of the hallmark comic works in the English lanuage, somewhat sick, should certainly appeal to fans of M. Python or Roland Aktinson. I loved it, and this is one of those books that you never get back when you  loan it out, order several copies....
There hasn't been a book on API design for C++ in years and its really a long time coming. Having read 4 chapters so far, i've been very pleased with the quality of the content and the clarity of the presentation. Having worked in a team adjacent to Martin's in Linden Lab, i would say my take on his approach is more than pleasing - in fact, i thought he combined the best techniques to Second Life. The chapters that appealed to me are 5, 10, 11 & 12 as he's the first author (afaik) to bring in the subjects of extending C++, integrating C++ with other languages like Python & Ruby via SWIG. Really looking forward to completing the book and applying the lessons learnt to my current and future projects.Go get it people!
William Dunham is the author of several books on the history of mathematics.In this brief history of mathematics and mathematicians, the author, rather than writing a little bit about a large number of mathematicians, has provided longer treatments of a few.  The 'few', naturally, being the most talented/famous from the earliest days.  To include:HippocratesEuclidArchimedesHeronCardanoNewtonThe BernoullisLeibnizEulerCantorThis book spends some time building and describing mathematical problems and concepts in ways that the average reader will understand.  He also relates biographical information about the people who worked on them.  Some of the history is quite fascinating, such as the practice in the middle ages of public challanges between mathematicians to solve problems, much like a gun fight of the Wild West.This would make a good volume in any library.Math teachers should own (and read) this.
The book We Are Smarter Than Me is the first product from the website initiative with the same name.  The folks at Wharton School Publishing launched the We Are Smarter Than Me website project last year and invited everyone the world to participate in community development of a business book.Although the community effort played a role, this particular book was primarily written by Barry Libert and Jon Spector.  Writing a book via wiki is pretty challenging given all the coordination efforts required, not to mention the various egos that undoubtedly get in the way.  Developing this book "the old fashioned way" while sprinkling in plenty of community perspective sidebars was the right formula for We Are Smarter Than Me.This book is a very quick and enjoyable read.  You could almost think of it as a Cliff's Notes version of Don Tapscott's Wikinomics.  In fact, Tapscott wrote the Foreword for We Are Smarter Than Me.  You'll definitely find more in-depth coverage of the various community tools and platforms in Wikinomics though, so if find yourself craving more after reading We Are Smarter Than Me you should definitely read Wikinomics as well.Libert and Spector provide an excellent overview of communities, social networking, the wisdom of crowds and much more, all packed into a book that's barely 150 pages long.  If you're looking for an easy way to get street smart on the world of communities you can't go wrong with this one.  I'm also looking forward to reading the next book from this community initiative which is currently at the case studies stage.
In the far northeast corner of Russia, astride the Arctic circle, lies Kolyma, an desolate, inhospitable area named after a river and mountain range,  inaccessible except by sea. Unfortunately for the hapless victims of Stalin, gold and other minerals were discovered there in the 1930s. Stalin barbarically  ordered the area to be developed and mined using prisoner labor. That labor included victims of collectivization and unending purges, common criminals and political prisoners, captured enemy combatants and returning Russian soldiers who had the misfortune of having been captured rather than fighting to the death. It is estimated that about one million prisoners died in the 80 prison camps making up the Kolyma complex. They died of starvation, exposure, illness and abuse. Varlam Shalamov was a political prisoner who served a 17-year sentence in the Kolyma camps, managing to survive using his intelligence and cunning to avoid certain-death assignments.  Kolyma Tales is a collection of vignettes describing events and incidents lived by the author and fellow prisoners. The stories are utterly fascinating, told in a personal intimate style, with a disarming sense of humor, without bitterness. Solzhenitsyn so admired Shalamov's writing that he named him one of the best writers of the period. Unfortunately, despite his talent and genius, Shalamov failed to fulfill his promise with further works. I highly recommend Kolyma Tales not only because of its historic value (there are few accounts of Kolyma), but also because Shalamov's writing style so wonderfully simple, direct, positive and objective. One ends up concluding that all Shalamov's characters, prisoners and their keepers, are victims in a tragic irony, and asking oneself, "what is life?".
My relationship with this book is a mixture of happenstance and serendipity.I heard of Primary Colors when it came out in 1996. I didn't get round to buying it then. Shortly thereafter - in 1998 - a film starring John Travolta and Emma Thompson was made of the book. Shortly thereafter, I was taking a trans-Atlantic flight and the film was shown. It was amusing enough to keep me awake but not amusing enough to make me want to buy the book. So I didn't buy the book. (Moral: always read the book before watching the film).This year, my wife and I found ourselves in Washington State. On a pleasant little side-trip along Highway 101, we were in need of a good breakfast. We stopped off at 'The Tides Family Restaurant,' near Hoodsport, a small community in Mason County. We had a very good breakfast, lasting a couple of hours and consisting of good food and fine company. We were sated. We then noticed a small book case with second-hand books for sale and marked at a dollar each. In amongst the books on show was a very good hardback edition of Primary Colors. We got it. So, if my wife and I had not been loitering on a July Saturday morning in Washington State, if we had not been hungry, if we had not happened upon 'The Tides Family Restaurant' and if we had not had a dollar to spare, we would not have bought Primary Colors nor would I have enjoyed a book that is so, so much better than the film, nor would I be reviewing it for Amazon from back home in England after having read it into the wee small hours with amusement, fascination and admiration for the author's (the one-time 'Anonymous' but now known to be Joe Klein, a controversial but respected political author and blogger) skill in concocting a plot that bears sufficient kinship to real life and the real politics of the early 1990s and that is utterly riveting. As the author says, in a preface note, 'None of these events ever happened.' And, of course, Governor Jack Stanton and his wife, Susan, didn't exist either. Nor did Governor Stanton win the Democratic nomination for the presidency in 1992. Or did he?Perhaps I should warn readers of a sensitive disposition that the story-line is racy and that the dialogue is often crude. Despite the foregoing, I loved the book and recommend it to all who appreciate a steamy political tale told with the skill of a literary genius.And, if you, dear reader, are ever in need of a good meal whilst travelling on Highway 101 in Washington State, stop by 'The Tides Family Restaurant' for first-class food and for another good book. You won't be disappointed.
I have been enjoying Georgette Heyer books for a while now, I am so grateful my wife introduced me to them.This particular book left me with mixed emotions.  Don't get me wrong I enjoyed the book immensely and recommend it highly.  Here are my mixed emotions.  Is the Duke of Avon, Justin, a bitter vengeful man or is he a kind an compassionate man.  The more I think about it the more I believe that is exactly what Heyer wants us to wrestle with.  As the book starts the Duke is out for a late night walk and gets run into by Leon, a young boy fleeing an angry abusive brother.  The Duke sees something familiar in Leon and on the spot buys him from his brother!It sounds compassionate, but really he buys Leon because he suspects that he can use Leon to bring pain and embarrassment to an old nemesis.  Here the twists and turns begin.  Young Leon seems a bit effeminate in his expression of thankfulness to the Duke.  He becomes the Duke's page and serves him faithfully.  But as the relationship grows you get the feeling that the Duke is growing fond of Leon and that there is something different going to happen.Then it does, Leon is actually Leonie, a young girl, not a boy.  She has been masquerading as a boy for 7 years so as to work at her brothers tavern.  The Duke starts to soften in his relationship with Leonie.  She begins to fall in love with the Duke.BUT, as the book progresses there are glimpses of the old Duke surfacing as his bitter vengeful ways continue to pop up.  He continues to use Leonie as a tool to inflict pain on his nemesis.Usually in a Georgette Heyer book I find myself wrapped around the female character and what is happening with her, but frankly this time I was drawn to the male lead character and trying to determine throughout the book whether he is changing from the bitter man to a better man.  As the book progresses you feel him softening, changing, falling in love, truly in love, for the first time.  You feel his pain as he realizes that he has fallen in love but that the object of his love is way to young for him to ever consider marrying.I won't give the end away, you need to read it for yourself, but the changing of the Duke does not get completed in the book.  At the end there is still the bitter vengeful man who wants to exact revenge on his nemesis, but in an oddly satisfying way he is a changed man because of the innocent, youthful, naive love of a young woman who totally invades his life to turn it upside down.Enjoy reading!
Told in a tone of appropriate melancholy and sadness, Wiesel (who wrote an earlier draft in a far more angry, bitter tone) writes a first-hand testimony of the Holocaust and in doing so he becomes the Job of our time, as he struggles with the question: How could God remain silent in the face of such evil, cruelty, and suffering?As we experience Wiesel, the 15-year-old boy full of faith, putting his God up to this question, we see that the Holocaust is a new era for religion and the way we see faith in the context of man's capacity for evil.However, Night is not a nihilist book. The account itself implicitly tells us that being a witness to injustice and caring about the nature of our faith compels us on a road to meaning.Two excellent companion books are Viktor Frankl's Man's Search for Meaning and Ron Rosenbaum's Explaining Hitler, a meditation on the nature of evil.
There are numerous TCP/IP books out there but this book stands out amongst the rest in that it explains the various aspects of the technology well. Many books are just scratching the surface to provide an illusion of explaining TCP/IP well.  This book is no kids' book; it delves into well into the principles, protocols and architectures,... and even when these can be rather daunting, the explanation is as good as it can be.  Few experts can explain/impart their knowledge as well as the author.It also provides rich info on the future TCP/IP (IPv6) and a brief overview (about 10 pages) of HTTP.If you are a computer professional who is serious about learning about TCP/IP, this book is highly recommended.I am glad to have bought this book.
I don't care if you get it out of the library, borrow it, or whatever, you should read this book.  This book should be on everyone's "bucket list."I just finished rereading it for the nth time and I was just as moved, amazed, and thrilled by the journey (and the good writing) as the first time I read it.  I know how the story ends; but I just want to keep on reading and reading and reading.I rode a bicycle around the world for over two years.  Ted Simon captures the feelings of long-distance, long-time traveling like no one else I've ever read (although there are some other great books out there, see below).  The thrill of departure, the shock of the new, the wariness of the unsupported traveler in a strange place, the difficulties of language and even alphabet, the fear, the exhaustion, the new-place fatigue, the need to just lie down sometimes, the misery of illness (though he was very lucky there), the numinous joy of the great places and views of the world (sometimes even the most ordinary places), the pleasure in seeing, hearing, smelling, tasting new things, the joy of finding your fellow humans all around the world to be very much like you and enjoyable to meet and know, the incredible education that travel gives you, the powerfully ambivalent feelings of the end of the journey and the return to home-place, never again able to see the world as you once had.  The difficult re-birth into the old routines and requirements of your life.  His story, especially his description of the end of the journey gives me goosebumps and re-awakens powerful memories of my own journey.  As the cliche goes (it's a cliche because it's true) you can never step into the same river twice.  The closest you can come is to take someone else to the river and watch them swim.This book has lost nothing and it never will.  It touches the universals of human experience found in travel.  We evolved as wandering apes on the plain.  It's basic to our bodily fiber.Very little navel gazing in this book and what little there is is actually worth reading, unlike nearly all travel books I read that were written since Jupiter's Travels.A true classic.  And not the kind you feel obligated to read; but the kind you can't put down.  One of the truest books I've ever read.  Enjoy.Some other excellent books about long-distance travel that I highly recommend:Seven Years in TibetFull Tilt: Ireland to India with a BicycleOne Man Caravan ("Incredible Journeys" Books)News from TartaryCanoeing with the CreeSailing Alone Around the WorldTwo Years Before the Mast (Signet Classics)Arabian Sands (Penguin Classics)The Exploration of the Colorado River and Its Canyons (Penguin Classics)
This is actually a very great book. It really makes you happy reading it.I loved it because it was magnificent. Normally, I don't use words like that but this is a slightly different situation. Sars Louise, the main charecter, struggles with her anger towards her twin sister while she strongly believes that God hates her. This story about finding yourself absolutely tops all the rest.
This book is an expose' of J.Edgar Hoover and his actions as Director of the F.B.I.Mr. Summers covers Hoover's entire career and his rise to fame thanks in part to his personal PR man. He was definitely an oppurtunist and exaggerated his stories frequently. Thoughts expressed by his nieces were candid and of interest in that aspect.Hoover had far too much power and that becomes more obvious through the relationships he had with the Presidents he was supposed to serve. FDR made the regrettable decision to enhance Hoover's powers.That fateful decision adversely affected a lot of people including Charlie Chaplin and John F.Kennedy to name a few.Hoover was the most powerful figure during most of his tenure. He used that power to gather as much blackmail material as possible and he frequently used it. Often-times blackmail was used for his job security or, as in the case of the 1960 Democratic ticket, to force political decisions. His longevity was due in large part to fear. He wasn't trusted by most of the Presidents during his directorship.Anthony Summers wrote about other abuses by Hoover which includes the free vacations he took with Clyde Tolson,the backing by Organised Crime figures of his horse racing bets,the staggering amount of taxpayer money spent on Hoover's luxuries.There were a lot of pages dedicated to Hoover's relationship to many mafia figures. The Mob's blackmailing of Hoover was covered in detail also.This book is easy reading and covers J.Edgar Hoover from birth to death. There are some startling details of his abuse of power. A very good book overall!
I got this book hoping to get some tips on writing for the Web and self-marketing but I got far more than I was hoping for.  When I got this book I found myself reading through the first 6 or 7 chapters (or writing "Truths" as the authors call chapters) without intending to.It says something when you pick up a book to flip through, and find yourself drawn, page by page, through the first 6 chapters. But it says even more when find yourself using the suggestions literally an hour after reading them. After I was forced to put the book down and go to work, I found myself recalling two very specific rules when writing emails.  The first was to "Cut to the chase" and put the bottom line at the top, which is brilliant since it put what people needed to know on line one. It was un-missable.I was impressed how quickly these "Truths" came back to me.  The authors laid out 52 "Truths" in a concise and digestible format.  Many are themed on very basic ideas, which unfortunately are often forgotten.  For an example in the first 6 chapters there is a focus on setting goals for your writing and keeping your audience in mind.  These are pretty basic writing rules, but again, often forgotten. However, the authors go further and tailor "Truths" to day-to-day business writing. Again, I lifted a "Truth" right from the book by wording an email to my boss' viewpoint, showing how a change we wanted to make helps the whole department.  It garnered a compliment and acceptance from our boss, just by keeping the focus on how he sees our workflow.OK, so an hour of reading and same day application.  Can't beat that. I'm now on to day two and I have started Cherry-picking chapters. I have read the chapters on Web content and I see that I really need to rework a lot of the content on my site.  Usually I wait until I finish a book before writing a review for it, but the jury is in for this one. If you do any type of writing for work or pleasure you should get this book.  You can read it like a daily devotional and revolutionize your writing just by getting basic guidelines in your head each day.  I'm sure this will become a reference for me.This book has actually gotten me excited about writing.  Before starting this review, I read the "Truth" on Jargon and Passive, then rewrote the paragraphs on my home page, and it is night and day.  Add to that the "Truth" of less is more and a half dozen other ideas the book gave me and my copy is 100 times better.Alright, I'll stop gushing now.  But seriously, if you haven't thought about your writing process in a long time, get this book.  It is not a grammar primer, it's an effective guide to everyday writing.
"Strange Pilgrims" is a wonderful, but sometimes overlooked, collection of 12 short stories from the Nobel Prize-winning author Gabriel Garcia Marquez. The stories that compose the collection vary in length and quality, but even the less successful among them are worthy of the reader's attention. The stand-out stories include "The Saint", "Maria dos Prazeres", "Miss Forbes's Summer of Happiness" and "I Only Came to Use the Phone" -- a bizarre and haunting tale of a young woman whose car breaks down in a Spanish desert, on a rainy afternoon. She is unwittingly picked up as a hitchhiker and mistaken for a mental patient who is taken to an asylum. This theme, of the familiar merging with the nightmarish is explored again in "The Trail of Your Blood in the Snow."In "I Sell My Dreams", the protagonist meets Pablo Neruda ("He moved through the crowd like an invalid elephant, with a child's curiosity in the inner workings of each thing he saw, for the world appeared to him as an immense wind-up toy with which life invented itself") and discusses the labyrinths of Borges, among other things. "Light is Like Water", a charming ode to the power of a child's imagination, is a story brimming with surreal imagery.These 12 tales perfectly define the genre of 'magical realism'. The collection also seems like a fine place to start for those seeking to familiarize themselves with the work of Garcia Marquez, before tackling epic novels like "One Hundred Years of Solitude" and "Love in the Time of Cholera". These are the kinds of stories that seem to stick in the reader's memory and welcome repeated readings.
If this wasn't part of your required reading list in high school (or if you just neglected to read it at the time) this is your chance to experience an American classic!
A friend recommended Munro's collection Runaway to me, and I'm eternally grateful! The storis included in this collection are touching and sad. Munro does an excellent job of building settings and moods, but where she really shines is in character-building. You genuinely feel for the women in these stories, and you want things to work out for them even as you fear the worst.
the book arrived on time and just as advertised---no problems--haven't had a chance to read it yet but looking thry looks just what thought would be---thanks again
I am giving this a 4 star because I can give it a 3.5, some of the other reviews in my opinion were overly harsh in how they portray this book. In my opinion the only issue I have to raise is that it is overly long for the subject matter. In places it could have been a little bit shorter.However the way the author dealt with the dual stories and making they go in the same direction 500 years apart and finish in the same action was very good. A good detail put in place about the origins of the story and how they fit to the modern day side and also a common theme that spanned the different era's. One of the review likened this book to the Da Vinci Code and I can see where they are coming from on this.Please be aware it is long, it does have a two stories that run side by side, there is a point to this and it does make good in the end.
OMG - I absolutely adored this book. At times strange and disturbing, other times heart-wrenching, but always interesting and intriguing. Niffenegger created two amazing main characters, and I must admit I bawled like a baby at the end. The idea of being able to travel through time but have absolutely no control over it is very frightening. Imagine you suddenly wake up somewhere else...naked... A very moving and wonderful story.
For anyone trying their hand at screen writing for the first time this is a great place to start. A simple, easy-to-understand guide to help anyone start the daunting task of turning a blank page into their first screen play. Knowing how and where to start can be the most difficult part of writing any format but with this daily guide pushing a reader through the process it makes everything a lot easier.
I loved the first half of this book, the second half I did not like much at all.  I've always been a fan of Steinbeck but never before had read any of his non-fiction works.  I'm glad I did read this book, even if I was unsatisfied with the ending.In his later years, Steinbeck, along with his older poodle Charley, decides to take a trip around the country to see how it has changed in the past twenty or so years (he spent a lot of time abroad).  He buys a truck and a customer trailer he names "Rocinante" and stocks it full of supplies.  Most notably enough liquor to fill a bath tub because he feels when you meet someone on the road, you can always use a good drink.  He spends the first part of his trip in New England, seeing the sites there and tasting the local cuisine, and then moves on through the mid-west all the way to Seattle.  He expresses an especial love for Montana and its "old-time" feel.Once he reaches California, his original home, he makes a detour to see family and then resumes his travels towards Texas.  For some reason, Steinbeck is a bit apprehensive about Texas and almost wants to skip it,  but finds that he can't (especially since his wife's family lives there).  He spends a couple days on a ranch and then moves on through the rest of the South.  His trip isn't as pleasant through this part as the south during the sixties was full of turmoil due to the rights movement.  He also learns the dangers of picking up Hitchhiker's who don't agree with your viewpoints.Steinbeck meets several interesting people along the way.  The best part about them is that they are all different, but the same in that they're just trying to make a better way for themselves.  They share a drink and some interesting stories with him and help him from becoming too lonely on his journeys.  However, some of the conversations seem a bit pretentious and I really do wonder if they were real conversations.  Maybe its just being a product of my time but I don't think I've ever heard people talk as poetically as Steinbeck describes their conversations.  His description of his dog is also wonderful.  Just the conversations they had going back and forth, with sometimes the dog only saying "Fft" was funny reading to me.Steinbeck's writing is of course marvelous.  He does a really wonderful job with the description in the first part of the book and you can truly tell what an enjoyable time he's having.  He describes Charley humorously and it really is a trip for him and his dog in these descriptions.  However, he loses this description and somewhat ignores Charley in the latter half of the book.  He also spends less time on places and it almost seems rushed.  I would have liked to see him spend the same amount of time detailing California, Texas and the South as he did New England.Overall though, this was an enjoyable read.  It was the type of book you could pick up and read in pieces without having to worry about forgetting detail.  It was simply a man's journey with his dog in search of what makes America the way it is and how the people who live in it shape the whole experience.Travels With CharleyCopyright 1962277 pagesReview by M. Reynard 2010
Economic indicators are important because they reveal the performance of an economy as a whole. Policy makers, business owners, investors are all interested in these numbers so that they can make changes, or stay put in order to achieve the desired outcome as much as possible.
No, it is not the typical John Grisham suspense novel, but this book gave me a greater appreciation for Grisham and his writing abilities. A PAINTED HOUSE is a work of literary fiction that shows Grisham has a command of more than the tried and true lawyer/suspense formula and is darn good at it. I have read some of the unfavorable reviews and have to guess that these are people who rarely venture out of the &quot;reading comfort zone&quot; of popular fiction. Grisham in suspense mode is great, as is Baldacci, Patterson and others. But, there is a whole other world of great writing and Grisham has dared to venture into the serious world of true-blue literary fiction.The story is narrated by seven year-old Luke Chandler, the son of an Arkansas family renting and farming in 1952 Arkansas. To say Luke &quot;grows up&quot; between the covers would be an understatement. Luke tells us a story of cotton pickers that will have you feeling every possible emotion, right along with young Luke. No, there are no slick lawyers or beautiful law students in A PAINTED HOUSE, but there ARE plenty of wonderful characters that come to life on the pages of this Grisham classic. To stay away from this John Grisham novel because it is not &quot;typical&quot; Grisham, would not be giving yourself enough credit for being able to appreciate a great author, and his work, because he is not writing something that is ready-for-the-screen. Trust the man who brought us THE FIRM, THE PELICAN BRIEF and others to keep you entertained in a different genre, to be sure, but entertained and mesmerized nonetheless. Do yourself a favor -- suspend your judgement about &quot;literary fiction&quot; -- and don't miss this one!!
As my due diligence for a panel on pricing next week (Oct 20)  in Vancouver ([...])  I have been reading Nagles 5th edition of his textbook on the subject and am thoroughly enjoying this book. It is as much the application of psychology as analytics.  He makes the best arguments and execution strategies for value pricing I have ever read.In his thoroughness I am finding lots of sales aha moments. These are the times when you encountered types of  buyer  and competitor behaviour, made a decision, learned to regret it, lost  $$$$$$ , and over time  developed/learned better responses. Nagle describes the theory behind why the better responses worked and how to improve even more . This is a very similar experience I had when first reading Geoffrey Moore.  "All the time spent learning through doing when someone had already written this down". Of course had I known much of this sooner I would have been even more of a pain in the ass to my superiors/employers.There may not be one book that contains everything on pricing,  but this one comes extremely close. His generous use of examples pulls tired brains like mine through some of the numeric analysis. I know I will be a much better salesperson from reading this book. I suggest this is a book for CEOs, VPs Sales, Marketing and Finance in any type of company. Thanks Steven Forth for dropping this copy off to me.
In the march towards higher levels of abstraction and more powerful coding approaches, Sun came up with Enterprise Java Beans several years ago. But despite one's best efforts, instead of focusing on  writing business logic in a modular, fully encapsulated way, you often also have to deal with reading and writing to a persistent format; usually a relational database. The gritty details of the impedance mismathc between your [hopefully] object oriented approach and the latter might eat up too much of your time.Realising this, Sun devised Java Data Objects. The book describes their main promise, which is to hide away the details of persistence. The big gain is in increasing the potential developer audience, as compared with EJBs. And you have less need of expert knowledge of RDBs. Previously, that was often a de facto requirement. You can now focus on the business logic. The second gain is shown in the JDO code examples, which are often cleaner without the persistence details. Of course, any realistic business logic will have more complicated details than the simple examples in the book, but at least persistence can be pushed offline.Last year, Robin Roos wrote &quot;Java Data Objects&quot; [also by the same publisher]. At that time, JDO was just getting started. Now, Sun has moved it deeper into J2EE. There is a lot more support for transactions and JDBC. JDO is no longer a speculative fling.
The Liars' Club was a huge critical and commercial success when published in 1995, for literary achievement as well as readability; and it opened the door for a rush of memoir writing and publishing that has yet to slow down. As is usually the case, the memoirs that followed The Liars' Club didn't come anywhere near its level of quality.I somehow got it into my head that this was a relentlessly brutal tale of a dysfunctional family, a long whine against bad parenting. But there's more love than dysfunction in Karr's family story; her father in particular gets my vote for best literary Daddy of modern times. (Imagine--he doesn't molest her!) I was crazy for the mother too--but her craziness forms the crux of Karr's story, and it's what separates their lives from the ordinary. It also separated the Karrs from their insipid neighbors in Leechfield, the swampy Texas oil refinery town where they lived, an American hell as foul-smelling and dangerous a place to grow up as Chicago's meat market district, described in novels by both Upton Sinclair and Tillie Olsen. Karr's book belongs in the company of these writers for its working-class sensibility, attention to detail, and the kind of story-telling that makes for almost compulsive readability through pain and suffering. The Liars' Club has something else, too: a welcome dose of humor, expressed through the character of Karr herself as a scrappy, rebellious little girl.Lives in Leechfield are hard and bleak, relieved only by friendship formed in groups like the one Karr dubs The Liars' Club, a loose consort of men who fish, hunt for squirrels, exchange bottles of Jack Daniels on Christmas, and entertain one another with preposterous stories claimed as true. Karr's father takes her to their gatherings, and among these hard-drinking, hard-working, hardscrabble men she learns about love and prejudice, comfort and friendship.More compelling even than the story itself is Karr's writing. Rather than present a chronological life story the way so many memoirists and biographers do, Karr begins in the middle, moving back and forth from the dramatic opening. We don't learn what's actually happened in that opening scene for well over a hundred pages, but we don't care, since the story grips us from the start and doesn't let go until the end-and what an ending it is! Those who've grown weary of stories that peter out lazily will be glad to know The Liars' Club closes with a satisfying thump. Talk about payoffs! The end puts everything that preceded it into a whole new context, so that I wanted to go back to Page One and begin all over again.
This book is filled with incredible insight on how to write well and clearly. If nothing else, the author's own clear writing will help you become a more clear writer. All about how to write for your audience, this book will direct your writing to be the most effective it can be.
Clearly this "labor of love" has achieved its goal: it educates without being spectacularly boring (I could not have predicted that!!)Pros:-The author occasionally breaks-up the text with "Tip(s) for Success" boxes. These are short bites of wisdom well worth your attention (and a welcome addition to such a dense, small-print text.) Ditto for the "Observation" boxes.-The author provides (remarkably concise) summaries at the end each chapter. These are an effective tool for quick-review.-Includes some humor!! These texts are notoriously "dry" (and, thus, a struggle to complete). How refreshing it is to read, "Let's Beat Up Another Metaphor!" as a bolded heading. As this author proves, professional texts really can integrate moments of levity. (The same can be noted of some of the epigraphs to each chapter. Thank you, Mr. Ladley for not recycling the same ten quotes we've seen in every book ever! Douglas Adams?! Nice!)-Valuable appendices.-Elegant structure (optimal for learning!)Cons:-Since I am approaching this as a learning tool, I have yet to spot any flaws.Professors, this is a phenomenal, non-threatening text for your students. The price is excellent, the tone is wholly appropriate, and it is just "different enough" to earn a second look.
So yeah, bad luck, pleasent orphans, a madman...same old, same old. But I loved it! Esme'(the dahling she is) is really into "IN" and Count Olaf. Here Lemony Snicket, again, illustrates how he tends to take certain attitudes and push them overboard....*giggles*...and I LOVE it! Great writing style, funny and don't you just want to kick Jerome's buhunkus? That's what I thought. *sneers*
Just as one might think the adventures of the Baudelaires are falling into a pattern, the author changes the format. In "The Carnivorous Carnival", the orphans are already in Count Olaf's clutches. Before they make any further progress, the Baudelaires must escape.In a reversal of roles, the Baudelaires are in disguise in this portion of the series. Posing as circus freaks, the orphans hope to attain the remains of their file as well as determine whether one of their parents may be alive and in hiding. The orphans create an unlikely alliance with the owner and fortune teller of the carnival. Despite their misgivings, Madame Lulu may be the best chance the children have for escape. The question becomes when Count Olaf will become wise to the children."The Carnivorous Carnival" teases readers with just enough information to make the reader want to continue to the next book. Clever and witty, this book is another gem in the series.
Whenever I write a review of a book, I do my best to give a basic feel for what the book is about in addition to my thoughts; after all, that's the best way to let people know if the book is even something they're interested in. But sometimes, doing that is a difficult task, and The Man Who Was Thursday is one of these cases. Nominally, the book is about the struggle between an undercover police detective and a society of anarchists, but even that theme only gets you a few chapters into the book. Perhaps the bigger clue as to the book's mood and story comes from the subtitle "A Nightmare," which hints at the odd and surreal feel to the book, to say nothing of its bizarre and inexplicable plot changes and transformations. After all, here is a book that contains theological debate, duels for honor, nightmarish pursuits in a deserted city, a chase on zoo animals, a slew of Scooby-Doo disguises, philosophical arguments on the nature of order in society, and much, much more. As such, trying to review Thursday on any conventional basis is a difficult task. Indeed, the book feels more akin to Alice in Wonderland than to a conventional detective story, although it also adds in an attempt to make sense of chaos and pain in the world - not an unambitious task by any means. The end result doesn't entirely work, especially if (like me) you're not quite prepared for the book's unconventional feel; it really takes reaching the end to see how anything fits together, and even then it won't all make perfect sense. But while you're reading it, it's incredibly compelling - it's all too easy to get caught up in its imaginative world and its odd, off-kilter sense of the absurd. And if it doesn't entirely make sense, that's okay; there's something to be said for a book that demands further thought and pondering to make sense of all of its ideas, especially one with as much ambition as this one has.
If you read one of the Mitford series, and you are a person of faith, you&#34;ll love this one too.
With an incredibly moving story, winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, Ellie Wiesel, takes his readers to a place no one should ever have to go, a concentration camp. No two stories of the Holocaust experience are the same. The way in which Wiesel tells his is especially moving. For him to not have told it, he said it would be offensive to future generations to deprive them of the knowledge and especially disrespectful to the memory of the dead. Do not let the size of this book fool you. Between the pages of this slender book is an incredibly moving and powerful story.His recount begins with religion, the basis of all things for many people. He follows the instruction of his teacher with the hopes that he would help him "enter eternity". Moishe the Beadle, his teacher, was suddenly expelled from Sighet, Transylvania he was a foreigner. When Moishe returns, he tells horror stories and suggests people take heed. He tells of prisoners being forced to dig their graves and babies being used as targets for machine guns.Going from the ghettos and eventually to the concentration camps, Wiesel constantly questions God and the world. Why has his God abandoned him when he needs him the most? How can the world still go on when babies are being burned and men and women worked to death? The men find true equality when they are all stripped down naked of their distinguishing clothing. In Auschwitz, men become mere ID numbers. The ideology revolved around fear. Wiesel says, "Fear was greater than hunger."His father's only son, he served as his father's only crutch in the concentration camps. When his father becomes fatally ill, it is the advice of the Blockalteste that he watches out for himself, as he can no longer help his father. In the concentration camps, everyone must look out for himself. This is the message sent to Ellie. This encounter fills his head with, what he considers to be ill thoughts. He forever regrets the decision he made regarding his father.Reading this account has broadened my interest in the Holocaust experience and has led me to want to further question basic humanity both philosophically and psychologically. Wiesel brings to light an experience one should never have to live through. Only mere twists of fate can keep one alive during such conditions.At the end his new preface, Wiesel strongly states, "The witness has forced himself to testify. For the youth of today, for the children who will be born tomorrow. He does not want his past to become their future."
I hesitated ordering this book (even though I had read all the other Women's Murder Club series) because it only had a 3-star rating. A friend read it and loved it, so I thought I'd take a chance. I downloaded it to my Kindle yesterday and finished reading it today. So glad I did, as I really enjoyed this latest in the series. I'm hoping there will be an 11th in the series, even though the ending made me feel like maybe this is the last one. Guess this proves to me that sometimes it is better to go with your view of the author and not necessarily the star-rating.
If you and your kids are looking for a fall project, then this is the book for you. This is a very informational book about the life of a tree. It teaches children why leaves fall in the winter and why they change colors. There are various types of trees that are referenced. There are also activities listed in the back so that your kids can have actual hands on with leaves. It is important for a child to learn by touching and seeing.The illustrations are great. Each page walks your child through a visual learning process. They get to see the different types of leaves and what trees they belong to. Your kids will also learn about chlorophyll, pigment and what feeds a tree.I recommend this book. I learned alot by just reading it in preparation of this review.
Gail Sher is a master baker, author of the inspirational 'From A Baker's Kitchen', which like the better known 'Tassajara Bread Book' describes less a set of recipes than a way of life.The same can be said of 'One Continuous Mistake'. With writing as with baking, what is offered is not a set of prescriptive guidelines, for this is not a simplistic 'how-to' manual. Rather this is a highly accessible and attractive collection of insights into what it is to be a writer.Sher is a member of the San Francisco Zen Center, and her approach is guided by an interpretation of Zen principles. For her, writing, like meditation, is a 'practice'. The path is itself the destination.I would take issue with the Amazon review posted here, which says, 'Though there are a few writing exercises here, this is less a workbook than a series of meditations on how to be a writer.' Actually there are plenty of 'exercises' if you want them. For instance, the book is particularly helpful in guiding the reader through the writing of haiku (short poems)as a way into writing. Sher's approach is intensely practical. She proposes 'four noble truths' of writing, of which the first is 'writers write'! However, rather than haranguing readers into despair over the paucity of our own written words, she invites us to see how exactly the writing life can become for us immesurably enriching.Actually, there is another book on a similar theme - writing as interpreted by a Zen perspective - and it's called 'Writing Down The Bones' by Natalie Goldberg. Don't ask me to choose between them. Read them both. After all, writers need all the friends they can get.
This was my first Outlander book. Though I thought it went on too long, I enjoyed the read. The climax for me was the choice of going back or not, and that was long before the end of the book. Excellent storytelling.
I love science books for young kids and this is a great one. My 2 year old loves the pictures and is starting to understand what is inside of those eggs.
G.K. Chesterton (1874-1936) was a man of prodigious talent who wrote quickly and revised little. If readers pointed out factual errors in his prose or poetry, Chesterton would laughingly acknowledge the mistake, but he would seldom correct it. To Chesterton, a published piece of writing was past history. It was the next project that counted. That was what was going to pay the next grocery bill. Chesterton's most popular stories remain his Father Brown mysteries. But his best work of fiction is certainly _The Man Who Was Thursday_ (1908). Chesterton's wit, plot, setting, and Catholic theological message all dovetail neatly together here. (They don't always do so in some of his other novels.)I am writing this review in the wake of the Boston Marathon bombings. Back in Chesterton's day, he wasn't concerned about modern-day terrorists. But he was concerned about bomb-throwing anarchists. _Plus ca change, plus c'est la meme chose._Against the background of a colorful London and a sunset "that looked like the end of the world" (7), Chesterton introduces two witty young poets. The first is Lucian Gregory, the anarchist poet:"An anarchist is an artist. The man who throws a bomb is an artist, because he prefers a great moment to everything. He sees how much more valuable is one burst of blazing light, one peal of perfect thunder, than the mere common bodies of a few shapeless policemen. An artist disregards all governments, abolishes all conventions. The poet delights in disorder only. If it were not so, the most poetical thing in the world would be the Underground Railway." (8)The second poet is Gabriel Syme, the poet of law and order:"Is it not also epical when man with one wild engine strikes a distant station? Chaos is dull; because in chaos, the train might indeed go anywhere, to Baker Street or Bagdad. But man is a magician, and his whole magic is in this, that he does say Victoria, and lo! it is Victoria. No, Take your books of mere poetry and prose; let me read a timetable with tears of pride. Take your Byron, who commemorates the defeats of man; give me Bradshaw, who commemorates his victories. Bradshaw, I say!" (9)Gabriel Syme is invited by Gregory as a guest to a club that turns out to be a super-secret anarchist society. (They plan to do no less than overthrow God!) Here, Syme dines on lobsters and is then ushered into rooms decorated with guns and bombs. By a bit of political campaigning, Syme manipulates things so that he is elected to the post of "Thursday". The lead anarchists are all identified only by days of the week, and the lead anarchist is "Sunday". Syme, it turns out, is also a police detective selected to infiltrate the group. We are now off on a dizzying account of political and theological arguments, philosophical policemen, the professor of worms,  changing identities, duels, double-crosses, reverses, and mad chases. Other critics tirelessly reveal the secret identity of Sunday. I won't do so here, for a very good reason. The identity given by the critics is not that offered by Chesterton. I suspect that we are not meant to understand his final identity quite so easily and neatly as some critics would have us believe. Sunday challenges those who want to know his identity:"I tell you this, that you will have found the truth about the last tree and the topmost cloud before the truth about me. You will understand the sea and I shall be a riddle; you shall know what the stars are, and not know what I am. Since the beginning of the world, all men have hunted me like a wolf-- kings and sages, and poets and lawyers, all the churches and philosophies. But I have never been caught yet, and the skies will fall in the time I turn to bay." (160-161)But it is not Sunday's identity that is all-important. It is the rollicking journey that Chesterton takes you on that is fundamentally entertaining. Yes, the novel is frequently preposterous. And yes, it is often outrageous. But Chesterton's panache, his wit, and his underlying depth of thought beneath much of his surface action save the day.
I had a 1950s edition of the outline and it was my crutch to get through differential geometry. It is still my go to guide whenever I need to freshen up on vector math. I bought this new edition for my brother and it has more examples and problems, but still the same core information.
This book felt to me strangely intimate, and understanding when I first read it.  Laing, who was a clinical psychiatrist, presents case studies of people who feel overly self-conscious and self-critical, fearful to be on the street alone, hiding from social contact -- common enough feelings which he treats with supreme empathy, not judgement or haste to reform. He explains in the preface his analysis is based on existenstial thought, yet, he avoids the amoralistic tendencies of this genre of philosophy. His emphasis is more on the process of alienation of self from self, and inner self from outer self, into a "split." He gives analysis of the so-described schizoid and schizophrenic personality, attempts to analyze why a person slips into so-called "psychosis" -- in his analysis a schizophrenic person is forming a logical reaction to an untenable situation.  Here he leans on other writers, such as Gregory Bateson's double-bind theory.Laing's writing is poetic in some places, and is literate in a way psychology books seldom are.  i recommend this book highly to anyone who wants to know more about their own behavior, and others'.
Kathy Nicolo has had some hard times.  She has dealt with substance and alcohol abuse, her husband left her and by a mistake made by the county she has been kicked out of her house.  Sherriff Lester Bourdon is one of the officers to help escort her out of her California home.  He instantly is attracted to her and wants to help her any way he can.  The more he tries to help the more he falls in love with her.Colonel Behrani's sole purpose is to make a better life for his family.  After years of hard, manual labor he decides to get into real estate to make quick money.  He ends up buying Kathy's former house for a fraction of the cost intending to sell it for triple and ends up buying a lot more than he bargained for.The three characters are on a collision course for disaster.  The colonel ha bought the house fair and square.  Kathy can't understand why a mistake that had nothing to do with her has left her on the streets.  Lester wants to make some part of his life (through Kathy) less miserable and will do whatever it take to make that happen.This book has some slow points towards the end.  I really wanted to know what happened to the characters, but got bored reading mundane paragraphs about details that weren't necessary.The use of geographical elements in comparison to the characters really helped you feel for what they were going through.  This also helped with the foreshadowing.The ending was not what I expected, but that's not always a bad thing.  It's just unfortunate that three people had such a misunderstanding about a physical  possession.
This is probably the best book I've read in a long time.  I have something on every page highlighted.  There is so much practical advice on becoming more effective at meeting people and developing meaningful relationships both professionally and personally.  I highly recommend it if you are serious about becoming a better You.
Rich about the history and the culture but a little slow moving and certainly long. I'm a health care professional so all the medical information/references were interesting. Worth reading...
What more is there to say about this great American classic? I feel like everything has been said.  In just one word, it's great.  The characters  are really well built.  You have no choice but to feel their misery.  They  all have their own little something to add.  I don't what i could add  except that I really enjoyed this book and it is definetely worth reading.
I think a lot of the online reviewers of this book don't realize that this book is not about the relationship of Fermina and Florentino.  The book is about love in all of its forms, and the characters in the book exist as  vehicles to examine the strangest and most powerful of all human emotions.  Love in the Time of Cholera is about: unrequited love (Florentino for  Fermina); marital love (Fermina and Juvenal); platonic love (Florentino and  Leona); angry love (Florentino and the poet who makes him so furious);  jealous love (the adulterous wife killed because of her affair with  Florentino); young love (Florentino and Fermina in the beginning);  dangerous love (the mental patient and Florentino); adulterous love  (Juvenal and his affair, Florentino and many of his women); love from afar  (Florentino and Fermina); elderly love (Florentino and Fermina, Fermina and  Juvenal; the cyanide suicide); May-December love (Florentino and his ward);  the relationship between sex, age, society, art, death and love (pretty  much the whole book).I could go on, but you get the idea.  Any attempt  to read this book as the story of Florentino and Fermina misses the point.  The book is still very enjoyable that way, but look beyond the surface and  enjoy Marquez' ruminations on that thing called love that drives us all  crazy.Incidentally, I think it's one of the best books ever written.
I think most people read Shirley Jackson's The Lottery in high school; I know we did. After that though, I didn't come across her again for years, until one day I was on Amazon and saw that We Have Always Lived in the Castle was on sale. I loved The Lottery, so I figured I would give another one of her work's a try. I cannot believe I waited so many years to read her again!!Simply put, We Have Always Lived in the Castle is a classic for a reason! Merricat is possibly one of the most fascinating characters I have ever read. Wandering around the old house with her sister Constance and the cat, she seems to occupy a space that is her's alone. There is something faintly sinister about her polite facade, and you can just picture sharp teeth behind her sweet words and smile. Every word that comes out of her mouth is fascinating. I particularly enjoyed the tension during her interactions with her sister; there is a fine line between love and hate, which is never more present than in familial relationships!I don't want to give away the secrets or ending, in case someone has waited to read it like I did. I will just say that the ending was shocking, and well worth the build-up. I cannot recommend this book more highly!
Ellie Campbell's How To Survive Your Sisters had a confusing start, what with all the characters introduced so soon in the story.  I actually considered not finishing the book for that very reason.  Now I'm glad I did.  Although the ending was rather predictable, the story line itself was interesting, humorous, and heart-warming.  Having three sisters of my own, I could relate to the interaction of these characters as they navigated the waters teaming with childhood competitions, injured egos, fears, and insecurities.  Not only did each character &#34;survive her sisters&#34; but it times of crises, these women always pulled together to rescue each other.
Jake Barnes,an ex pat journalist in Paris,is deeply in love with Brett,an English woman who nursed him through injury in the Great War.But it is a love that cannot be fulfilled. Her beauty infatuates Cohn, a Jewish writer and friend of Jakes,and he reads more into a brief flirtation than Brett herself.Taking a holiday to Spain to watch the week long fiesta and bullrunning with friends, Brett falls in love with Romero the bull fighter and tensions rise....An absolutely brilliant book. Initially it seems a bit scatter gun-characters come and go and enjoy the party life of ex pats in Paris and everything is described in Hemingway's simultaneously laconic and detailed prose, so that you wonder where your being taken,but the whole story simply builds and builds into an ever more vivid and powerful picture (you really do feel you are there!)and you have one of those rare books that gives you a real high.The theme of love and wartime is obviously one that haunted Hemingway-he was wounded and nursed in WW1. Its an irony to me now as I loathed 'Farewell to Arms' when I attempted to read it aged 12. I was encouraged to return to Hemingway years later and his whole style and power just hit home big time. 'To Whom the Bell Tolls' and 'Fiesta' both told of wartime love and I rate them as high as I possible can-easy with the other greats I've read- so I'm really looking forward to returning to 'Farewell' to catch all I missed first time. My message is, if you're at a stage where Hemingway sucks for you, please give him another go later. The absolute high his works give are more than worth it.A fantastic book.
This book shows how statistical thinking works and how it's benefiting our lives. It's an easy-read book without a lot of jargon or, surprisingly, numbers. I found the book to be engaging - through the use of stories - and helpful in understanding something that otherwise could be quite dull."Statistical thinking is distinct from everyday thinking. It is a skill that is learned. ... many applied scientists routinely use statistical thinking on the job," the author says. Statistical thinking is also often counter-intuitive. And this was my biggest take-away from this interesting book.Using the premise that we can learn statistical thinking and that we can apply it in everyday situations, Fung provides 10 stories to teach 5 big principles of statistical thinking:1. Variability over Averages: Statistical average isn't the key, deviation from the average is.2. Correlation over Cause and Effect: Cause and effect might provide rational explanation, but unexplained correlation is also useful and quicker to find.3. Group differences over Group averages: Differences within groups are hidden by averaging groups together.4. Errors are both positive and negative: Minimizing mistakes creates mistakes of a different kind.5. The Impossible really is Impossible: Don't believe what is too rare to be true.The stories are applications of these principles in things we're all interested in. Like, the shortest waiting time at Disneyland, finding the source of a deadly E. coli outbreak, financial credit scores, highway traffic meters, steroid testing in Major League Baseball, SAT test writers, lie-detector tests, uncovering a lottery scam, and the safety record of airlines.If you liked Gladwell'sThe Tipping Point: How Little Things Can Make a Big Difference, you'll most likely appreciate this book too.
This was a lovely book to read aloud to preschoolers.  The second-language learners were able to participate by acting out the various verbs (shake, nod, wiggle, etc.)The text is brief on each page,the pictures are attractive and the sequencing is easy to follow.  We did extension activities after reading, such as acting out the verbs, sequencing pictures from the book, dressing up in the clothes mentioned in the story, etc.  A great Halloween book to introduce the seasonal vocabulary.  It was nice to see that the main character had a clever solution for the problem, too.
If you love the Renaissance and architecture this is a book for you. Exceptionally well informed, very clear in the architectural information, even of involved matters, and very easy to read. A gem.
While I found the novel to be longer than usual for fiction, I have to say that I adored the story. I expected an historical romance and I found so much more. I'll read the next one for sure.
This brilliant work of art blew me away. I can't even put into words how I feel. My first Steinbeck novel, and just one more confirmation that I need to catch up on more classic literature. This story is overflowing with passion, lust, drama, spirituality, love, hate, despair, and everything else that makes living life the great adventure it is. Though it is a tragic story, that's ok, because it is tragedy that makes us who we are, where we are, and this magnificent novel great.
This short book, which amazon gives free to kindle owners, was composed by George Elliot (1819-1880). A shy rich man with a weak, sickly, poetical nature expects to die very soon from a heart condition in 1850. He doesn't expect any of his three servants to respond to his bell for help because he understand people and knows that they are involved in their own affairs. He uses these moments alone to tell his life story.He realized that he had unique abilities when he was young. He had visions of the future, what people will do and say, long before they do or say it. He also had the gift of insight. He could understand people's character and pierce the veil of their faces and false conduct. Yet, he couldn't understand Bertha for many years.Bertha was a thin and beautiful girl, a year older than he, with whom he fell in love. She could be charming. Yet, she was self-centered, negative, heartless, satirical, sarcastic, opinionated, vain, and loved power, but he saw none of this. He was nineteen and she twenty. She was engaged to his brother who was twenty-six. She admitted to him that she didn't love his brother. But he was in ecstasy with her and saw no faults. He even ignored a vision that he was married to her and she mistreated him. His brother died in an accident and he married Bertha without knowing if she loved him, although she said she did.After some years of marriage, when his father died, he was suddenly able to see what his wife Bertha truly was, that she despised him. Then life became unbearable, as he foresaw in his vision.He noticed a strange relationship between Bertha and her servant. Then, when the servant was dying, his friend, a doctor, told him that the servant would expire that night and asked for permission from him to insert blood into her artery after she died to see what happens. She died, the blood was inserted, she came back to life, turned to Bertha, who just entered the room, and yelled at her, "You mean to poison your husband...the poison is in the black cabinet...I got it for you." Then she died again, and he separated from Bertha after dividing his property with her, equally.Reflecting back at the servant's resurrection, he asks, "Is this what it is to live again...to wake up with our unsatiated thirst upon us, with our unuttered curses rising to our lips, with our muscles ready to act out their half committed sins?"Can this story be read as a parable, a commentary on marriage, that men are unable to unveil the character of their wives' feelings, even though they can understand other people, that love blinds?
After checking it out from the library, I decided this was a keeper, and ordered a copy.  Very thorough and readable.
I enjoyed spending time with these people, even the bad guys.  Mr. Hunter reminds me wistfully oh John MacDonald.  A pleasure.
This is the story of several archeologists who get the chance to &quot;go back in time&quot; (what that means exactly is a matter for debate) and basically become the fish out of water as a battle is about to take place around a disputed castle in France during the 100 Years War.  Essentially, it's an adventure story, and as such, it works very well indeed.  It's difficult to put this book down, and I read it very quickly and was sorry it was over.In hindsight, however, there are a few things that don't stand up to scrutiny very well.  The most problematic is the fact that the idea of time paradoxes (i.e. killing your own grandfather so you couldn't have been born) is neatly dismissed early in the book by using the multi-universe theory.  However, multiple times after that, time paradoxes are used and argued over.  ARGH!  Pick one and stick with it.  Less irritating, but still problematic, is the stuff these people go through in the scant 36-odd hours they have in the past (before their machines run out of power).  It's inhuman the amount of energy they exert!  Finally, there's the fact that this book has the same plot as Jurassic Park: archeologists = paleontologists, knights = dinosaurs, time machine = cloning, catastrophic event trapping in past = catastrophic event allowing dinosaurs to escape pens, etc.But, like any action movie, if you don't think too much about it, it's a great book.  I'm sure it'll make a great movie as well.  So, get this book, enjoy the ride, and don't let trivial things like time paradoxes upset you any more than they would during a Star Trek episode or Terminator 2.
This book is great if you want to learn about data mining to find new relationships within your dataset.  It covers the important introductory concepts, including basic rule inference, Bayesian, and clustering, albeit somewhat briefly for those unfamiliar with the topic.Last time I used Weka was 6 or 7 years ago, at which point some of its algorithm implementations could easily be outperformed by coding them yourself (e.g. Bayesian).  However, it more quite user friendly for folks who wanted to focus on the outcome/output rather than coding.  The final section of this book is like an extensive user manual that Weka was sorely lacking back then.Overall, given that this book not only explains the concepts, but also how to use software to perform the data mining operations, this book fills a void that existed.
However, of the three  books in the trilogy, I prefer the last one.  No question Kerr writes atmospherically -- but does EVERYONE have bad breath, does EVERY bathroom need to be sour smelling, can it possibly be true that the only attractive things in Berlin and Vienna are women's tits?  And all the men, unless Aryan gods, are described as deformed in some way.  Gets tiresome.
I ordered this book for my daughter who is studing at bible college, she is using this in her classes
Tim O'Brien hit upon myth and the sublime with this achingly sad and  compelling parable. The main character, in pain from his father's suicide  and the Vietnam war, and life in general, tragically hides behind masks and  magic. This is not an easy read , nor to describe, but is also nearly  impossible to put down. It is one of the best things I have read, and  everyone I've lent it too has been haunted by it, even so far as dreaming  about it (how often has that happened in one's life, to dream of a book?).  If art is the maintaining of multiple levels and ambiguity, then this may  well be a masterpierce. A beautifully written novel by a serious artist.
First and foremost: this "new edition" does not have too much new in it, so if you have the older edition (Teach Yourself German Complete Course) and it is still serviceable (meaning, not studied to tatters), do not buy it. Whatever Amazon says, even the page numbers are the same. The minor modifications are simply not worth the money. The newest thing in the whole book is the cover. To sum up, not a fully revised edition, but an updated one. This is why it got four stars and not five.However, that relative changelessness is not a problem at all. This is an excellent book. The small modifications, e.g. writing the names of the countries in the now expanded EU, and redrawing the previously strongly distorted (European) map is a definite advantage, even if it does not really influence the learning experience.Why is this a good language book?First, you can learn at your own speed, to which you get all the necessary help in the book, which is full of good and simple (English) explanations. Of course, you may feel it necessary to buy a bilingual dictionary (my recommendation isLangenscheidt Universal German Dictionary: German-English / English-German (Langenscheidt Universal Dictionary)or the Mini Oxford) and a basic grammar book (e.g.Essential German Grammar), neither of which needs to be an expensive one.Secondly, the book is well-structured and concentrates on common problem areas, such as prepositions and case. However, it is not overwhelmingly grammar centered: there are lots of conversations, and the topics are suitably selected to give the vocabulary and sentences for a hopeful tourist. The two CDs help a lot, too. True, you can buy the book without them as all the material on them can be found in a printed format in it, yet, if you have them, you can find meaningful listening exercises to them and they are also good for revision purposes and pronunciation practice.At the end of the book you can also find some tips where to go further. One tip:Teach Yourself Improve Your German, CD packageof the same series.
On most subjects you find at least one thick book. This book is more than the usual thick book on servlets and JSP. It is a really, really thick book. It took me quite a while to get used to reading it. All important points (and there are many of them) are explained a few times in a row. At the beginning I was somewhat annoyed, and then I started to realize that the repetition is due to the sound experience of the author with real people learning this technology. There are few things simple enough that no one can misunderstand a short explanation and sometimes it is oneself who misunderstands. So be prepared to read everything in extenso.The book covers subjects you normally hear only little about. I found the treatment on HTTP (yes HTTP itself not only HTML) especially useful. You do even get introduced to three different servlet engines. As far as I am concerned two of those descriptions could have been moved to the appendix. Anyhow it is easy to skim through those pages. A lot of material will be covered in the second volume. The choice seems to be ok with the exception of JSTL. Here I wished it would have already been covered - at least at a basic level - in the first volume.Who is the audience? Anybody who needs clarity on a specific point is well served. Anybody who wants to read a second book on the subject might also want to choose it. On the other hand this is clearly not a beginner's text. You get too early drowned in information and confused with too many options. Determined beginners could fight their way through, but to start with a good thin book is far more effective (I liked the excellent "Beginning JSP 2" from APress). Also if you have trouble skimming through large amounts of text and also if it is easy to insult your intelligence, you might want to read a different book.In total I am happy with "Core Servlets and JavaServer Pages, Vol. 1" and keep looking forward to Volume 2, which I preordered already.
I feel as though I've lived this book. The genuine characters and emotions captivated me.  I celebrate this author's meticulous planning, graceful writing, originality of ideas, and deft use of allusions.It's too bad the back cover blurb is so banal; it caused me to avoid the transcendent literary romance until now.
This year, I taught this text to my 10th graders.  While I was teaching it, I shared passages with my boyfriend in Iraq.  He served as a medic in one of the first deployments out after 9/11, a time before body armor and regular supply routes.He was so absolutely moved and stunned that someone could put the indescribable experience of war into words.  He asked me to send him a copy of this book.  Then he asked me to send copies for some of his soldiers.  Today he asked me for copies for his brother (also in Iraq) and his unit.We have been able to talk about his experiences in a way he has been unable to share for over three years.  He is healing.  I cannot tell you how profound that statement is.  PTSD is such a pervasive, difficult condition.  We know so little and therapy is based on an imperfect science.  But a few days with this text have done more to help him heal than years of counseling and medicine.For anyone who has been in combat (real combat) this book is an incredible gift.  Soldiers will treasure this book for generations to come.
I already have an engineering degree but I would agree with the author's position on how collegiate academics work: memorize then regurgitate.  That pretty much sums up my time in classes.  I would sometimes come across something fascinating and want to contemplate it more, but no time for that - move on to the next topic that will be on the exam.  After all, it's the exam that you want to be prepared for and there's a whole technique to that which has little to do with truly understanding the material.The author attempts to make the basic EE topics understandable in a way that you'll really understand and want to learn more about. I appreciate the way it's been written especially without watering down the topics (at the introductory level at least).
Great story that takes you in. These complex characters are interesting people and the writer makes you feel you know each of the people in this story. I would love to read more from this author.
Being a fan of Mary Higgins Clark's books, I decided to buy this book to see whether it would be as good as her others. After reading it, I must say that I am not disappointed at all with this book.`Loves Music, Loves To Dance' is about Darcy Scott and Erin Kelly, who are best friends, and decide to answer some personal ads, as sort of an experiment for their TV producer fried Nona Roberts, who is doing a segment on what type of people place personal ads. Unknowing to them, there is a serial killer who places his ads on the paper, and kills women who answers his `special ad'. Unfortunately for Erin and Darcy, they both send responses to this guy, not knowing who he really is. A few days later, Erin is found brutally murdered, with a dancing shoe on one feet and an ordinary shoe on the other, which is the way the serial killer leaves all his victims. Feeling guilty and determined on catching the killer, Darcy decides to meet the dates that Erin went out with through the personals ( which was not a problem since they both responded to the same ads).As the story progresses, we are introduced to many suspects who could be the killer. There's Gus Boxer, the disgusting superintendent of the building where Erin worked; Doug Fox (Doug Fields) who was a suspect to a previous murder and was one of Erin's dates through the ads; Jay Stratton, who hired Erin Kelly to design jewelry for a customer; and Len Parker, a weirdo who follows all his dates he meets though the personals, including Erin and now Darcy.Mary Higgins Clark did a wonderful job writing `Loves Music, Loves To Dance'. It has suspense, romance, horror, and a surprising climax; everything that you would want to read in a good thriller. It is fast-paced and keeps the reader interested throughout. All in all, it's a good read. Once you start reading, you will be completely absorbed in the book that you won't notice the time fly.
Jo Nesbo is a master of the Scandinavian mystery novel that has become popular around the world in recent years.  It is difficult to discuss the convoluted plot of this book without giving too much away, but initially there are about four separate stories going on, all of which of course converge as the story descends toward its conclusion.  This one takes place in the frigid cold of the winter, and you'll want a blanket to put over you as you imagine the temperatures.  It's nearly Christmas, but not for Harry Hole, since murders are going on which need solving.  This one is not as bloody as some earlier entries in the series, and the story mixes in the inside politics of the Salvation Army with paid assassins, drugs, and murder.  Well worth reading for fans of the genre.
This whole series is helping me pass nursing school. It outlines everything in a neat order. The answers to the questions have rationales for the right AND wrong answers and tells you which words to watch for so you can answer those wonderful Nursing school test questions.
I became aware of Fred Vargas and her style of writing last year and have read everything to date that she has published in English.  This was another winner for me.  I can hardly wait for the next book from this fine author that is being released in late June.  The title is:  The Ghost Riders of Ordebec:  A Commissaire Adamsberg Mystery.  Love this character and the others featured in each of the Commissaire Adamsberg Mysteries!  Great read, all!
up until recently, i had heard ms. carter's name mentioned in conversation but i'm all the happier for having finally read a collection of her short stories. we've all heard about the adult fairytales which exist & many of us have even read a few here or other. whether you picked up one of anne rice's trilogies written under a pseudonym or found another author's collection of modern fables, you'd have to admit that almost all of us were intrigued by the grown-up fairytales at one point in time or another. well, i'd like to say for starters that i've read the anne rice books & a few others who have taken classic myths, legends, or fairytales & given their twist to the story but none of them have captivated me nearly as much as the bloody chamber has done. it's difficult to say which story perhaps is the best although i love the company of wolves. this having been my favorite film for nearly a decade, i was excited to see that ms. carter wrote the original short story as well as the screenplay. some of the others great stories which i love are ofcourse the book title, the courtship of mr. lyon which is simply gorgeous, & the tiger's bride. although i don't want to pidgeon hole her writing in any particular category but she remind me a bit of joyce carol oates or margaret atwood although i enjoy ms.carter's work a bit more i believe. her attention to detail is almost divine & the ironic humor here only makes the read that much more pleasurable. although not quite graphic, there are layers of sensuality are fleshed out on every page which are tastefully done so as not to offend too many readers.  although not excesseviley gory, her books are often steeped in violence which may not be suitable for all readers. excellent read highly recommended. it's a shame we no longer angel carter in the world of literature & i'm sure her writing is greatly missed by many.
I just passed the SCJP exam with 95%, and this was the book I used. The book does a good job of covering the essentials you need to know for the exam. Certainly, no topic is missing, the practice questions are right on, and the summaries are good. The only reason I can't give it five stars is that it could have had a bit more depth; this is perhaps the difference between getting 85% and 95% on the exam. However, with this book and a Java compiler I was able to answer all of my questions and score quite highly.Additionally, the LearnKey practice exam provided with the book is a good indicator of how you'll do on the exam, I scored the same on both the practice exam and the real thing, and even missed the same types of questions (threads and collections.)For what it's worth, JavaRanch.com is a good source of information, and the Whizlab mock exams are great, they make you think carefully about the Java language.Good luck.
I knew nothing of Freemasonry before reading this book; I can't even remember what prompted me to read it in the first place. But no matter, because it is a fascinating piece of archaeological mystery writing. The authors seek to discover the origin of masonic ritual; and along the way the reader learns about the birth of middle eastern civilization with the Sumerians, the nature of king-making in ancient Egypt, the origin of the Jewish people, a very alternative (and provocative) description of the nature of Jesus's ministry, and the construction of what has become Christianity by the earliest Roman Christians. This book does not seem to be meant to promote freemasonry, so you won't be pummeled with masonic text. The function of the masonic text and ritual in this book is to tie together aspects of mid-eastern history and archaeology (and relevant portions of Celtic British Isles history) in a unique way.
I recommend it to a reader of any age.  It is a wonderful, sweet story of a brave woman stepping out to find her love.  One of my favorites!
This book was purchased to be sent to a slum school in the Kibera slum of Nairobi, Kenya as a resource for the school native teachers where it is used to teach English (the primary language of Kenya) to students preparing for their entrance exams to a secondary school.
Have you ever wanted to be someone else? So much that you can do anything for.Thomas Riplay is so sick of being himself. He doesn't like the way he lives his life. He hates his friends. The condition of the living is so poor and hopeless that he is always dreaming of a better one.One day, the opportunity comes....He is asked by a stranger to go to Europe and do a very simple job: try to persuade that guy's son named Dickie to come back to State. All expense will be covered.Tom immediately grabs it. A chance of going away from sucking places. The chance to change his boring life.Tom goes to Europe and get to know Dickie, he feels to Dickie more than a good friend. But after his feeling is denied, everything is not going the way it's supposed to be. Tom thinks of being Dickie himself. So he can do anything Dickie does, own everything that Dickie has, and more importantly, he can keep Dickie within himself forever.So Tom kills Dickie and presumes to be in Dickie's position. Everyday passes; he is more and more Dickie Greenleaf and less and less Thomas Riplay. He is so much happy with the convenience and affluence he has that he will do anything to keep this secret still. Pretending, lying, making up the story and finally his hands are full of blood again.Patricia Highsmith brings the reader through the internal world of Thomas Ripaly, a complex character who is the center of story. It's inevitable to compare the book with the movie. Tom in the movie is more humanized and pitiful. He kills Dickie unintentionally. Homosexuality plays a bit more important role there than in the book. The character in the movie is more interesting. However, the book is better in describing the emotion inside Tom. Patricia has done an incredible job of creating a character that readers feel along and even sometimes symphatize.Some part of the book especially when describing the traveling and places is slightly boring. But overall this is a page-turner book. I would highly recommend to anyone: both book and movie.
Ernest Hemingway's first novel deals with the character Jake and his love for Brett. Brett also loves Jake, but Jake cannot physically love Brett, due to an injury in the war causing his impotence.The characterizations are completely believalbe, with the jaded "lost generation" of artists and writers in Paris. The prose is famous, and deservingly so, with its clear and filling simplicity. Hemingway's lean prose influenced American prose style more than other writer. All American writers should be indebted to him.Eventually, the main characters leave Paris, and begin a trip to Pampolona, Spain. The imagery described in Spain has never been clearer.Due to their jadedness and depression over the war, the characters drink and get drunk constantly throughout the novel. Brett falls in love with different characters, even though Jake is the only one right for her.She wants to love him and cannot. The war has seperated the two lovers forever. This is why the novel is so heartbreaking and sad. Jake and Brett can see each other, but they can't make love and live have a normal love-life.Overall I found the book very beautiful and satisfying.
Mr. Ripley is one of the best characters I've ever read. He's an insane man, yet he has a consience. Patricia Highsmith is so gifted. She has the ability to write this character so well...I love &quot;The Talented Mr. Ripley&quot;!
"He wasn't walking on his tip-toes, Watson, he was running...running for his life."Written in 1902, The Hound of the Baskervilles is probably the most famous of Conan-Doyle's Sherlock Holmes mysteries, and understandably so. What is there not to love here? Setting this tale amid the legends of the lonely moors of rural Devonshire, Conan-Doyle revived his protagonist from a watery Swiss grave and let Watson take us back a decade to the day a nervous client comes to call on 221-B Baker Street. The man believes full well in the legend of a murderous hellhound which preys upon the male heirs of the all-but extinct Baskerville line, and he fears for the safety of the new heir, who is soon to arrive to take possession of his ancestral home. Whereas the tale of a predatory dog that arose after a 17th century curse might be laughed off in the enlightened Victorian Era, the stark truth is, the previous owner of Baskerville Hall was found dead on his grounds after a nocturnal stroll, his face a mask of terror, and about his body lay the paw prints of an enormous hound! Holmes is asked to determine whether this creature of myth, recently blamed for the suspicious death of the elderly Sir Henry Baskerville, is an apparition or a being of flesh and bone. Holmes sends Watson off to lead the quest for truth, and stays behind in London.  Over the distance of this story, a hyperactive anthropologist, a law and order fanatic local busybody, a slinking, creepy butler and his wife, a beautiful Brazilian lady and the lady's giddy brother are all introduced to us, as is the last living representative of the Baskerville line, an American who disregards all notions of any danger existing from something as silly as a demonic hound. The atmospheric story is super and sucks in even the most resistant mind as it simultaneously zips us back a hundred and ten years and confronts us with a case that is either supernatural or murder most dark.
I can't wait for the next! I will be downloading the next instalment as soon as possible! Claire and Jamie are truly enchanting.
A really wonderful book. If you want to get away, do it with this book! The characters are so real you'll feel transported yourself.
The Holocaust in itself was a tragic and terrible event. This book was difficult to read only because it makes you realize what horrendous things humans are capable of. This book is a heart-wrenching story that is a must read for anyone interested in the Holocaust. "Powerful" doesn't even begin to cover it.
Values and ethics in business are under explored areas.  While great companies and highly successful business and government leaders have been describing the incredible, positive power of conducting business around a moral foundation for years, the stereo types of corruption and moral turpitude persist.With the publication ofWhen Core Values Are Strategic: How the Basic Values of Procter & Gamble Transformed Leadership at Fortune 500 Companies, I hope we see a shift in perceptions.The book is a collection of vignettes of Proctor and Gamble alumni who took the lessons they learned at P&G; about public service, making the hard moral choices, and taking care of people and turned those values into personal and professional success in twenty plus organizations.The stories are both inspiring and instructional.I could imagine this book being useful under a variety of settings.  The book could serve as the case study guide for a business class on ethics.  It would be a good foundation in a business professional development or continuing education program.  Finally, it is just a wonderfully uplifting set of stories that are a great tonic against the dread that comes with reading the everyday headlines.Go read a copy today.You will not be disappointed.In service,Rich
What an interesting book! I wasn't sure I was going to like it at first, as the style is not something I am used to.  But the story line brings you in, and I found this to be such an interesting look into the life of a family through the simplicity and honesty of Christopher's mind.The book made me sad, happy, giggle, and finally proud with a touch of sorrow.Very well written interesting read, I highly recommend.
In business or financial circles, morality and ethics has frequently been thought of as weakness, as something that while noble will not assist in the generation of profits. Further, those who practice it can easily be taken advantage of by competitors. A business run by moral agents will not be able to survive the vicissitudes of the marketplace. It takes cunning and an instinct for the jugular, so the argument goes, to create and maintain a successful business.  Another view is that a businessperson who claims to be moral or ethical is either posing as such in order to take advantage of someone or some situation. In this view, morality and ethics are then tools of manipulation and power, a view that is, ironically, not far from that of those political philosophers, such as Karl Marx, who criticize capitalism vociferously.Until recently, business ethics, if taught at all, was presented from a pragmatic viewpoint. One is to practice or adhere to certain ethical principles only because regulations or circumstances dictate that not doing so would place one in legal jeopardy. Business ethics then becomes a collection of rules, to be followed only because it is part of the "process." These rules can be extensive, even contradictory, but their importance only arises because of legal constraints. They are usually viewed as more of an irritant, not as part of a natural process or necessity.That morality is part of being human, much as eating, sleeping, and sex, is something that has not really been believed in scientific circles up until the last ten years or so, thanks to research in neuroscience. It is now believed by some researchers in neuroscience that some parts of the human neural system not only support moral reasoning but also have evolved to ensure its efficacy. This book draws on some of this research, and presents a conception of business morality that is very practical as well as efficacious in everyday business life. The authors are the first to admit that their ideas need further scientific and practical validation. The evidence they present is anecdotal, but it is a good start, for it gives an alternative to many of the stale platitudes that govern much of the contemporary thinking on moral systems.As is of course readily apparent from the title, the central idea behind the authors' approach, and one that is very resonant in other approaches to morality based on neuroscience, is that of `moral intelligence.' They define this as a mental capacity that allows the determination of how "universal human principles" are to be applied to "values, goals, and actions." They do not really elaborate on what it means for principles to be "universal", but from the reading of the book one can deduce that these are the neuronal patterns that take place in every human being. They therefore appear as beliefs about human conduct that every culture in the entire world seems to hold. In fact in the foreword of the book, this is summarized in the notion that every human is "hard wired" to be moral. The reader should not however view this as a deterministic notion, since humans can often "stray from the path." They do not debate the notion of free will in the book, and this makes the book even more palatable to read, since such musings are better left to the philosophers.The authors discuss various research that supports their notion of moral intelligence, and include many anecdotal stories that illustrate its practice in everyday life and in leadership roles in business. The emphasize that moral intelligence is a distinctive branch of intelligence, and that individuals who possess it in abundance will have a large measure of integrity, will take responsibility for their actions, will be compassionate, and be willing to exercise forgiveness. The authors point out that having these virtues will not of course imply perfection. The morally intelligent individual will make mistakes, but her `moral compass' will steer her to proper moral north.This book is again, one of the few that have been written that attempt to put morality on both a sound scientific foundation and a practical one. It is honest in its claims and the authors express humility and respect for the reader between its covers. There is no attempt to intimidate the reader into ascribing to their ideas. They are intellectually honest without being condescending. The reader will finish the book with a deeper respect for the role of moral intelligence in business and everyday life, and be more convinced of its efficacy and power.
Fantastic book with great code examples and exercises.  The discussion and examples escalate very quickly so much prior knowledge is recommended.  I would recommend it to anyone that is wanting to learn about UNIX.
I read this book shortly after it first came out; I return to it periodically with admiration and recommend it highly. What a remarkable, original, amazing piece of work! Patrick Suskind writes wonderfully well; his facility with descriptions is second to none. Grenouille is a unique, terrifying, fascinating character, and the prose that illuminates him and his world is haunting and beautiful. I was transported to 18th century France, experienced the sounds and smells of it, met some of its most unforgettable inhabitants, and was thoroughly mesmerized. I finished the book completely in awe of and humbled by the writer's talent. One thing I can say with assurance--it is unlikely you will ever come across anything similar to this book. In my experience, it is absolutely one of a kind.
I have read all of Crichton's fiction novels except one (Congo) and I can say without a doubt that this is his best one. Sure, it's not the modern science fiction as usual that he does so well, and you have to get into the  book a little before it is very exciting, but I promise you that once this  book hits it's stride you will not be able to put it down. After the  excitement level was upped I read most of the rest of the book in one  setting. It is very suspenseful, just when you think Sander's problems are  coming to an end, something else comes up.Also, several people have  commented that the plot is fanciful because in it a man is sexually  harrased by a woman. However, as statistics will show, going by the fact  that there is a smaller percentage of women as heads of corporations than  men, and taking into account the harrasment cases brought up against them  by men there is actually a greater percentage of women who sexually harrass  than men in the workplace. And besides, I imagine that the great majority  of them that do come up aren't reported. After all, if a woman came up to  you...But aside from my comments on society, JUST READ THE BOOK. Make  what you want out of it, it was controversial and raised a lot of questions  for a reason... it's good!
This is straight from the shoulder and to the point advice. Every one of the hundred odd rules is laid out tightly but fully in a page or two - easy reading. If you had an uncle in the management game, these are the things he would tell you over a beer or two. Not stuffy, not theoretical, just common sense born of experience. You may not agree with everything he says, but you're bound to come away with something that makes it worth the read.
Somehow, in my slog through high school English, I was deprived of the reading of Paton's &quot;Cry, the Beloved Country&quot;.  Unlike many things, though, this was a true deprivation.  I first read this several summers ago; though Paton's novel is specifically relevant to an era that is now receding into the past, his prose remains haunting.  So deceptively simple is his language, yet flowing, this is almost a book best savoured aloud (well-worth the reading of to a friend).Though apartheid has now blessedly slipped the scene, leaving South Africa with its aftermath to struggle through, Paton's story of the Reverend Kumalo's search for redemption is enduring.  Perhaps most significant though, is the very simple idea at the core...reconciliation...of father with lost son, lost daughter...of murderer with the victim's kin...and...in Paton's time, and still so in our own...of each of us with our fellow humans.This is a book that moves me deeply every time I read it, and loses nothing in a rereading.  Of the thousands of books I have read, encompassing a myriad of styles, of academic fields...this is still the one book that I recommend without hesitation, without prejudice, to any and to every.  This is a truly beautiful work.
This collection of 52 "truths" about business writing - I'm assuming there is one for each week of the year - manages depth and breadth without sacrificing quality. First and foremost, the writers - founders of a business writing company - expertly follow one of their own main tenets: keep it simple and straight-forward. This one "rule" guides their writing style throughout the book and informs many of their recommendations. Whether they're discussing emails, resumes, web sites, progress reports, cover letters, or blogs, the information laid down is both helpful and easily digestible.Each "Truth" is organized into four pages - a title page and three subsequent pages in which the authors expand on their suggestions. The back of the book describes the information contained here as "52 proven, bite-size, easy-to-use business writing techniques that work." This is actually a perfectly accurate description.This review may be short, but remember Truth 19 - Less can be a whole lot more.
'How guilt refined the methods of self-torture, threading the beads of detail into an eternal loop, a rosary to be fingered for a lifetime.'I very rarely pick up a book if I've already seen the movie. Sure, there are likely to be differences but the experience is still spoiled for me. I had to make an exception with Atonement because I adored the movie but I could see how much more the story would shine and benefit from text. And shine did it ever.Usually I complain about over-descriptiveness in stories, and this was definitely descriptive, yet the author possesses a skill in writing that is completely captivating. He sets the scene with ease and transports you into the very midst of it. His words envelop you and leave you mesmerized. I could go on and on regarding the beauty of this story and the multitude of emotions it managed to evoke in me but put simply, this book was a breath of fresh air.I've been told this is the best to expect from Ian McEwan but I will still eagerly dive into more of his works.
I laughed out loud when I read this book. It reminds me of the movie, Notting Hill. I love wacky characters like Hugh Grant's roommate or Kramer on Seinfeld, and this book has them. Of course, it is chick lit, but who doesn't love that?
A beautiful, respectful, and spiritual book about a little understood religious expression and the people who practice it. An unforgettable journey.
There is come confusion as to which of these books was actually published last by C.S. Lewis, but here's the best thing: None of that will stop you from enjoying it immensely. This book in particular is epic, but so are the rest of them. If you have not yet picked up this series, do it now. I recommend to anyone. I insist to anyone. I expect of everyone, to read this series.
Absolutely engaging mystery with a loving touch of supernatural. Nostalgic, without being sappy.  Lori's character was so sympathetic, and I fell in love with all the other characters as well, especially the father & son of the lawfirm.
As I acknowledged in my latest book, "IdeaSpotting," James Webb Young wrote one of the most helpful books about creative thinking in the least number of words -- and "A Technique for Producing Ideas" is the book! Young trimmed away the fat and kept the muscle. Truly a classic.
This is a four and one-half star review rounded up to five for Amazon.For the past five years, I have worked in an industry known to be, shall we say, "touchy-feely". Everybody hugs everybody, everybody hugs the customers, the customers are friends with the employees, the customers ARE the employees, and so forth. Five years ago rival segments of our industry who do not share our business philosophies used to laugh at us. But right now? Right now those rival companies are going/have gone bankrupt, but our numbers are actually UP. Dev Patnaik's "Wired to Care" is about why.Human beings are designed to care about each other. They are happy when they do, and when they feel connected. And happy people buy things from the people making them feel happy. In example after stunning example, "Wired to Care" profiles companies that have put themselves in the shoes of their customers, only to find success beyond their imagination.Entertaining breakdowns of the exact empathy process in the brain (mirror neurons!), histories of the world's oldest company (they make cymbals) and the world's most sporadically stupid one (Microsoft), and at long last an explanation of why my Mom's coffee tasted so nasty in the 80's (Maxwell House's fault) are all included. A joy to read from beginning to end, and hugely informative to boot.A final word on the truths of this book: After reading about the horrid life of Christie the Housewife (even the people at Clorox felt like crying) I ran into the living room and hugged my Mom. "Mom," I told her, "I really really appreciate you, and when you clean." "Huh?" she said. That's the power of empathy. When we feel, we understand. When we understand, we adapt. And then we get successful. Dev Patnaik is not the first to point this out, but his is an elegant treatise on the human spirit. A must.GRADE: ABest for: CEOs, Lower, middle and top managers, and people who need to appreciate their mothers.
A fascinating and riveting work on human evil. I was most interested in the case studies that formed the bulk of the first half of the book, and far less interested in the theoretical application of group psychology that formed the last half. The case studies in the book could well describe someone you know. I appreciated the honesty of Peck regarding his feelings about his patients. I could well relate to his frustration and revulsion, it gave his accounts more verisimilitude.I remain unconvinced of Peck's identification of evil with a specific form of personality disorder. While the people he describes certainly were evil, albeit of a mundane, domestic variety, I found the definition flat and truncated. It just seemed to be missing something. I found it very interesting that Peck thinks that Augustine's idea of evil as an absence of good has been discarded, when in fact it remains a part of Aristotelian philosophy and Thomistic philosophy and theology in this day. It is even more surprising given that his attempt to define evil as disease is a subset of the idea that evil is a privation.The attempt to explain the group psychology behind the MyLai massacre was ultimately unconvincing, but it did remind me of the mimetic theory of Rene Girard, specifically the necessity of a scapegoat for group cohesion. However, on the terms of Peck's argument, what I found remarkable was that so few massacres occurred. His analysis made the events seem inevitable, so the real question becomes not why MyLai happened, but why there weren't hundreds more MyLais.Overall a very interesting read. One of the most notable insights of this book is nicely summed up by the reviewer who brought my attention to this book, John J. Reilly. "The people whose cases Peck describes were seriously sick and hated their sickness, but they could not get better because in some fundamental sense they had chosen to be that way." A psychological insight with shades of Dante.
What to say about this book..I've started this review more than five times. It's an elusive thing. Tartt can create images like the most detailed, beautiful Carleton Watkins photograph you've ever seen...convincing dialogue as well. The test is to bundle all these images into a cohesive story that hangs together. Along the way I had my doubts, but in the end it worked. The book has stayed with me and I keep asking myself questions about duty and character and people/things appearing one way, but being another. These are worth continuing to ponder.
Such a delicately emotional book and so perfectly detailed that I read it all in one day. I could have done with more character development with the semstress herself, as she paled in comparison to the compelling and sympathetic young men, but really, the details of their friendship were so beautifully written than most things do fall to the background.
This is such a wonderful book. It is captivating and introduces preschoolers to the themes and images of Halloween -- ghosts, witches, skeletons, etc. -- without being sinister or scary. The rhymes and rhythms are catchy (this is a book that you "rap" more than read) and the pictures are delightful. My 3.5-year old asks us to read it to him again and again.
There are many things to like about this book.  The emphasis is on providing investment advisors with the information on asset allocation they need to connect successfully with clients.  The only real flaw I see in the book is the watering down of material so that clients can understand it.  I understand the necessity of doing this but it does leave open the door for dishonesty of the car salesman variety.  Every investor even comtemplating using an investment advisor or even a broker should read this book from cover to cover.  If he/she hears anything from the selected advisor that deviates much at all from what is here he/she should run not walk out the door.  Perhaps the most important contribution of the book is the emphasis on the interaction of portfolio components to produce higher returns than undiversified or underdiversified portfolios.  Gibson uses the Commodities Index  as one of the portfolio components along with the EAFE, S&amp;P 500, and REITs to show this.  This index component is available in practical form as the Oppenheimer Real Assets fund.  If you have net investment assets that allow private money management this is not a problem as the money management firm can buy more than 1 million dollars worth  and distribute it among the clients.  If you do not qualify for a typical money management firm the mutual fund charges a 5.75% load thereby making rebalancing something of a problem.  Perhaps infrequent rebalancing would work.  Therein lies the problem with the book.  Even though Gibson is as honest as the day is long, the information presented is designed to handle the clients expectations and fears.  All kinds of techniques and information are presented most of it assuming very little brains from the people who made all that money ( all of whom we would normally be assured are brilliant not just at making money but in all aspects of their lives ).  A,B,C,D are all presented but when portfolio design time comes E is recommended and not just due to tailoring to the individuals needs or risk tolerance.  Gibson tells the reader that it is necessary to manage the clients expectations and to make the portfolio more like that of the clients friends or more in keeping with clients prior expectations and thereby more acceptable.  This may be true.  But Berstein does the same thing in The Intelligent Asset Allocator.  His reasoning is a little different:many of the models primarily rely on data mining or make certain assumptions and he believes in the use of index funds almost exclusively. So Bersteins portfolios also rely a great deal on judgement.  Both believe that tracking error from the S&amp;P 500 may be an issue.  When all is said and done this is very much an art form.  It is also very much a sales technique albeit an important one.  Nevertheless, both this book and The Intelligent Asset Allocator are required reading for any serious investor.  Gibson's book also has the best discussion of client risk assessment I have seen.
I have been reading all the Alex cross novels in order and this is as good as the others.  Quick to read, I get caught up not only in the action but the story surrounding Cross himself.
The acclaimed travel writer and novelist Paul Theroux lived in England for a long time, and yet until the very end of his stay there he had not written a travel book about it. In "The Kingdom by the Sea", he rectifies this situation by taking a trip by train and foot along the entirety of the British coast. Starting out from London, he travels southeast, follows the coast to Cornwall, then goes up via Devon to Wales and Scotland, crosses to Northern Ireland, and finally returns to do the eastern half. Since the trip was undertaken in 1982, it is a Britain in a different state than the one of today, although not too different. The Falkland War, the policies of Lady Thatcher and the resulting mass unemployment, the sense of poverty and decline, these are all the decor for Theroux's undertaking. The book also gives a perspective of a Britain that is past in a more practical way: he travels often by branch lines that have since been abolished, and there is definitely a sense of impending doom about the formerly excellent British Rail system noticable in this work.Not that one would necessarily notice much of it - most people Theroux talks to say very little of interest at all, and the main interpretation and narration has to be done by Theroux himself, which is a contrast with most of his works. As a result, how interesting a part of the book is depends mainly on what section of the route he is travelling. The first part, where he 'does' the southeast and south of England, is rather boring; but as soon as he gets into Wales, the book picks up pace and variety, and becomes as entertainingly readable as most of Theroux's works. His usual chagrin is rather mellow in this work, and he is not nearly as vicious towards the UK as one might expect. The sections on Northern Ireland are particularly vivid and give a good indication of the ridiculous aspects of the Troubles in their effect (or lack thereof) on daily life.Overall, it is a good travel book and a light read, giving a curious stranger's insight into the Britain of the Thatcher years.
In my opinion, CompTI A+ Certification, 2010 edition, by Mike Meyers is absolutely the best book on the market for anyone who is contemplating taking the 220-701 and 220-702 exams. I have read two other books on the subject including:CompTIA A+ 220-701 and 220-702 Exam Cramby David L. Prowse, andMike Meyers' CompTIA A+ Certification Passport, Fourth Edition (Exams 220-701 & 220-702)so I speak from little experience. They were both good books, no doubt about that, but not quite as good as Mike's signature CompTI A+ Certification. Now when I say good, I mean, clarity, technical writing, internal finding aids, thoroughness, and style, as well as the depth and detail of this subject. Mike develops his topics in a way that helps to promote a clear understanding of this highly technical and complicated subject. You can read it to pass the test, or read it just for fun. Either way, it's a good book.There is a lot to the CompTI A+ exam, and this book covers it all, everything from the basics of bits and bytes, the latest hardware, software and firmware, through the mind-boggling maze of the Windows Operating Systems, and, finally, to the complexities of security and networking. And Mike describes every detail with the novice reader in mind. You can get through this book even if this is your first introduction to the subject. It's a hefty book, for sure, over 1218 pages not including the back end material, so expect to be inundated with substantive information. But isn't that just what you'd expect from a book like this? The only criticism I have is that Mike didn't use callouts with his illustrations. That's fine if you know your way around a motherboard, know exactly what you're looking at, but for those who are truly new to the field, well-placed callouts would be a helpful touch. That's a small complaint, however, and in the overall I have to say that the book was worth every penny I paid for it. And buying it through Amazon saved me a good deal of money. Final warning: make sure you purchase the 2010 edition.
One of the best texts to review and prepare for such tests as AP Physics B,GRE Subject Area Test - Physics and the MCAT Physical Sciences Section -Physics. Concise review of physics term, principles, laws and equationsin each chapter, followed by solved problems with answers - no fumbling toback of text for odd/even answers. Each chapter ends with a variety ofsupplementary problems (with answers provided at section end for ALLproblems). As this is the 11th edition, it appears error free as I could findnone. Tables (eg. periodic table) difficult to read on a Kindle Touch.
Without repeating the plot outline, this seems the least of the first four gooks in the series.  This is not to say that it isn't a good book.  Perhaps it is because there just isn't enough of Count Olaf, aka Shirley.  There are mean people other than "Shirley," but they lack something in comparison with the evil "Grinch," who was the first caretaker of the Baudelaire orphans.There are several nice touches, such as, Sunny debarking logs with her four baby teeth and having pieces of wood caught between.  And then there is Shirley, protesting that she/he is not really Count Olaf because she/he has a name plate that says Shirley.  QED, as they say in geometry.  Kids are going to love that.Nonetheless, these books are destined to be favorites for children and parents for a long, long time.
I grew up in Southern California completely insulated from life in South Central Los Angeles.  This book was a real eye opener on what really gos on oin the gangs of Los Angeles.  It is a much more brutal world than I ever imagined.  This book is a page turner.  I could not put it down until I was finished.  Everything written by the author rings true, until the end when he explains how he was sent back to jail.
Loved the book. Gives you a lot of helpful suggestions about how to defeat destructive negative thought patterns. I disliked the first couple of words the the kindle addition publisher added to the book, something like &#34;this book is a product of its time&#34;. Dear publisher good morals and common sense never go out of style.
THIS BOOK HAD ME HOOKED FROM THE BEGINNING. Even though I sort of predicted the ending I couldn't put it down. There were times that I found myself in tears as I read it. GREAT BOOK!
This whole story kept me on pins and needles.  I feel bad for all the people involved in the Holocaust.  Also I cannot believe that there are some who think that the holocaust didn't happen.
Not had time to read it yet but I'm looking forward to doing so - it's next on my list (after I've finished reading George Eliot's &#34;Middlemarch&#34;)
At the time, this was just a fun book; now it's a fun remember-when book from before the tech bust.The only thing that I dislike about the book is that it's been "organized" by theme -- whether or not that means breaking up a story arc.  It's rather disruptive, especially since the drawing style changed quite a lot (and generally for the better) in the early days.  So you're cheerfully reading through a story, and BAM!  You're back to scribbles and your story arc is nowhere to be seen.If Peter Zale ever resurrects the strip, I hope that he'll consider a more chronological approach to future books.
This book is a great resource. I sort of skimmed through until I reached the age where my daughter was when I ordered the book, and then began really reading. There's a lot of information in the introductory chapters; and the author is very pro-EC. BUT she does not force EC down your throat nor does she insist it is the only way to go. She is also rather pro-CD, in a way that could be a turn-off if you love your disposable diapers. I didn't have that problem as we CD, so I got a lot out of it. I found the book intelligently written and useful. I think anyone contemplating potty training or who needs to change strategies because what they're doing just doesn't seem to be working would benefit from this book. But unless you really want to read it all, just skip ahead.
I have thought about it and I have considered it and have decided that &quot;Timeline&quot; is not Michael Crichton's time travel book about the Middle Ages, it is his book about the Middle Ages that involves time travel.  This is not simply because the list of bibliographic references for the history of the Middle Ages is ten times longer than the list of scientific references, although that is certainly another compelling little bit of evidence.  The main thing is that if you are going to tell a time travel story, why pick the Middle Ages?  Is this simply some sort of homage to Mark Twain's &quot;A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court&quot; or could it be that Crichton is simply interested in the Middle Ages?  Well, it could be both, but I am leaning towards the latter.Certainly I learned more about Medieval times from reading &quot;Timeline&quot; and checking out some related reference books on my own, that I ever did from history class.  Of course, that was back in those enlightened times when we called this period the &quot;Dark Ages.&quot;  The plot is basically standard action serial, with lots of cliffhangers, twists and turns.  It is a fun read without pretensions towards much else despite the mini-lectures on quantum mechanics.  As I said, the fun here is in learning about life way back when and if you are not interested in arcane forms of warfare, then &quot;Timeline&quot; is probably not for you.  (Yes, I agree with Crichton's argument that in these post-modern times, people are trying to abandon their sense of history.)The science of this book is, of course, way over my head, and if does not make as much sense as getting dinosaur DNA from mosquitoes trapped in amber, I am willing to go along for the ride.  After all, I have sat through &quot;Somewhere in Time&quot; more than once and that is time travel based on Professor Harold Hill's &quot;think&quot; method.  Besides, readers will see lots of similarities in terms of the arrogant rich guys behind Jurassic Park and ITC.  You might come for the techno-adventure, but you will stay for the history lesson.
This isn't my first read of Detective Frost, "Night Frost", the first of the four book series. Never-the-less, I enjoyed it as though I'd never read it before. The scruffy, no, make that dirty little police detective from a smallish town in England smokes like a fiend, eats greasy food bought from  horrible little truck outlets, and it always bloody cold! Can't a murder take place on a nice warm night? Ha! Not with Frost. I absolutely enjoy R. D. Wingfield's character Jack Frost and his ability to appear stupid while being canny about crimes. All the odds are against him and he helps the odds stack up with his not so nice sexual remarks, disrespect for his superiors, and all of the above. Still he gets the bad guy - in such a round about way.  Frost has some redeeming values besides getting the criminal, he doesn't need the praise, he shares the wins and he really cares for the victims, and at times, the criminal's misgivings.The book opens with an overworked, limited and exhausted police staff (due to a most terrible flu epidemic) working a rash of crimes - theft, murders of young and old, pub fights, fires, threats to citizens, and vandalism of the towns' graveyard - all hitting at the same time. The station's superior, Mullet, is more concerned how HE looks to his superiors than helping Frost and the other cops solve the crimes. He's a pain in the ......Again, I am a huge fan of Mr. Wingfield, who passed away before writing any more Frost mysteries and when I meet him in the other world, I'd like to catch up with what the next one would have been.
The open end of the books makes me want to go searching in South America for Josef Mengele.  I wanted to hear more about the unique experiments, but the book was moreso focused on Mengele.
"Crucial Conversations" contains many useful insights into the mechanics of how people communicate that are easy to overlook, and yet obvious and insightful when pointed out.  This book will show anyone ways to improve difficult relationships and handle random stressful conversations whether with friends, family or coworkers.  I wish I had begun studying this book years ago.The authors describe how to realize that you are in a crucial conversation and then provide concrete steps to help deal with it successfully.  Throughout the book they add relevant examples to the descriptions of their techniques giving the reader an application of the principles.  These examples came from the real life situations encountered by the authors while researching the topic.This is not a book about how to make people agree with you or win arguments.  It is much more deep and profound.  According to the authors the people who are great at handling crucial conversations well don't have any such selfish or sinister motives.  They want what is best for the relationship or organization regardless of where the idea comes from.  These people are great because they can create an environment where everyone feels safe enough to contribute their thoughts and ideas.  All this relevant information greatly increases the chances that the right decision or resolution will be made and the relationships will be enhanced.  A person genuinely seeking to understand people better and improve their ability to get along with others will get a great deal from this book.
I read this book as a youngster and 40 years later I read it again.  I must say that I very much enjoyed the story and is especially interesting in that the &#34;aliens&#34; take control of earth in a very subtle way.  Even 40 years later the story holds up pretty well.  &#34;Day of the Triffids&#34; and &#34;War of the Worlds&#34; are two of my all time favorite stories so if you like those also I think you will enjoy this book.
When I first got this book I have to admit it was the picture and title on the cover that caught my original attention.  I put it aside for about a month and the other day I had a flight with a small layover down to Houston, TX so I took this book along.  The moment I started reading the introduction I got hooked -- and by the time I got to Houston about 3 hours later I had read all 190+ pages.  Let me just say this -- by the time you get 5 pages in you will be angry; by the time you get all the way through the book you'll be mad as h-e-double hockey sticks!The author tells us the way things are and how we got here -- and let me tell you it isn't a pretty picture.  She doesn't hold any punches back.  This isn't an anti-Republican book, nor is it anti-Democrat.  She puts the blame where it belongs.  She traces the corruption of our political system that helped create the groundwork that let a lot of the financial mess happen in the first place.  If you ever thought for one minute Senators care about your interests -- you got another think coming.This is the kind of book that I'd recommend as a gift for friends and family who are concerned not only about their immediate financial situations, but also their long-term financial futures.  It's such an engaging read that no matter who you give this book to (unless they are a lobbyist) they are going to enjoy reading it cover to cover and hopefully learn a few things they can do to turn around their own situation, slowly but surely and get on better footing for the long-haul.
Excellent storyWonderful characters and totally convincing settings.Accurately observed neurology.A remarkably detailed picture of values of a bygone age
The third world and Chicago have a lot in common. Not just the inner city Chicago or America but our innermost being.This is what Mr. Bellow takes on in a sometimes remarkable way.The sometimes similar worlds of dispare and crime in Eastern Europe and Chicago meet on the soul's battle field, fighting to give  people meaning to their lives.In the end  what's left? The cold dark universe or the heaven where God dwell's and ulitimately must come and save us.Mr. Bellow puts a lot on your mind and not always  perfect prose, he could have left the monkey and typwriter line out of this book, but a very enjoyable read.
Richard Rodriguez is a gifted writer. He words are almost lyrical at times and at points, Days of Obligation is simply a beautiful experience to read.In Days of Obligation, Rodriguez struggles with so many facets of himself -- notably, his ethnic heritage, his sexuality, his sense of guilt at the chasm between who he is and who he has been told to be by parents and his church. I believe there is a universal element to Rodriguez' struggles. They are the challenges that all human beings encounter in becoming their own unique selves.The added dimension of Rodriguez' Mexican heritage, makes this story all the more fascinating. A wonderful book to have us think about being ourselves in a world full of others expectations as well as an opportunity to get a closer view of Mexican ethnic influences and the related struggles in a United States where far too many people forget they themselves are immigrants or children of immigrants.A highly enjoyable book from many perspectives.James J. MaloneySaint Paul, Minnesota USA
Very good novel.  Fast moving and entertaining.  Another great book by KathyReichs..  Always waiting for her next effort. and hope we don't have to wait too long.
It is a really easy reading book, the story, secrets and dreams of a 7 years old farmer kid keeps you entertained at all times, I will recommend this book for a trip or when you don't have a hurry to finish it, just relax and read.
I read this book very fast, because I couldn't let it go from my hands. The form is interesting, as the author uses colloquial language mixed with the very technical and often strange terms the financial industry uses. I loved the ironic tone and sometimes dark humor of the style. At the end, I was hoping for a grand finale or an unsuspected turn of events. Instead, the author kind of disappears in anonymity and the book feels it needed a closure. That is the only reasons this review is missing one star. But deifnitely a read worth of your time if you like the Wall Street stories.
I love the Let's Read and Find Out science series, and Aliki is one of my family's favorite authors, so this book is a real winner for us.  Clearly written text and lovely illustrations make for an enjoyable read-aloud for K-2 level students, or an informative read-alone book for older kids or early readers.
Years ago I enjoyed going through this book. It doesn't place enormous demands on the reader in terms of vocabulary memorization or learning lots of grammar. If I remember correctly, although it takes the reader through the subjunctive mood, it steers clear of subtleties. Mainly, I remember the amusing story line.This book would be great for a first semester introductory course in Latin, where the teacher's main interest was to present students with an outline of the Latin language, preparatory to a more in-depth treatment in subsequent semesters.Another good part of the book is the frequent excerpts of classical authors as late as Boethius (perhaps later, I don't remember). The student will not likely be able to translate these on his own but a teacher might use them to illustrate how various points of grammar come into play in real passages. Reading extended portions of these authors in translation would be a good way of introducing a Latin Civ. element into the course.I don't know anything about the CD that accompanies the book.Also, caveat emptor: this book teaches very basic Latin grammar and employs a small vocabulary. It does not provide sufficient grounding to allow one to go on and translate Cicero or Livy. For this, a student needs to complete a more comprehensive grammar like Wheelock or Gavin Betts' Teach Yourself Latin.Finally, because the story takes place in a medieval setting, the class can consider the persistence of Latin into the early modern period as a language that allowed communication across cultures.
The 8th installment is darker than the previous installments of this series. Close calls for the 3 main characters are quite a close shave indeed in this book that would glue you to this one until you're finished with this one.The three Baudelaire orphans, Violet (the inventor), Klaus (the intelligent) and Sunny (the biter) are on the run because they are now three most wanted fugitives who are charged with murder of the Count Omar (Olaf by misprint of The Daily Punctilio). They needed shelter where they could hide and hopefully people won't recognised them from the pictures printed on the Daily Punctilio regardless they misnamed them. A chance encounter with the ever so suspicious VFD (this time Volunteers Fighting Diseases), brought them to the Heimlich Hospital because they were on the run from the store keeper who recognized them.Things took a worse turn (again), when they heard a very familiar voice in the speaker. Count Olaf (the one who are after their entire fortune and would do anything to get it. and i mean ANYTHING!) found them again and this time with a chance they found the files about their parents in the Library of Records, which Count Olaf was looking for. Esme Squalor however found them and Violet got captured when the Baudelaire orphans split up. This time the Baudelaire orphans found themselves a fixed where Violet was about to get kill by Count Olaf's crew!I have to admit, it took me a while before I actually reach this book and sit down with it. The characters really pull me in with the fast thumping plots. The kids grew up with you in this book. You'd find them in a much mature state, Sunny finally could utter real 1-2 words. There is also the usual vocabulary lessons between the storylines. I pretty much enjoyed reading this installment like the earlier ones. I'm sure the lot of you would too.
This should be your first stop when looking to buy books for your beginning study of Russian language. I used this and am very thankful that I found it because it painlessly got me started with reading. It taught me the cyrillic alphabet and introduced me to the cursive writing. Every page is actually FUN. There are puzzles, crosswords and other things to help you quiz yourself. You learn without hating it:) The only thing I hated about this book is that it ended too soon.It helped me accomplish what I wanted, but I rather wished the author could be my teacher and I could just go ahead and learn the whole language from her, because she made the alphabet so much fun.This book was inexpensive and worth much more than I paid. DO GET THIS if you need to learn the cyrillic. You will be glad.P.S. See my other review about the set of children's writing books I used for learning to write in cursive. That was the thing I did right after I finished this book, and it turned out very well for me, too.
This book tells it all, where it all began, how Harry started his investigative career and how he really pronounces his name.  It give insight into the real Harry Hole and his investigative techniques.  It introduces the tormented detective Harry Hol leh and his battle with alcholism and his relentless pursuit of killers and cases.  I wish I had read this book before the others.  A great read.
I was lucky enough to talk with Feynman many times, including about popular books on physics - the more New Age they were, the less able he was, he said, to read more than a few pages before having to shut the book. I dunno if he would have been all that fond of Emperor's New Mind.I think Feynman would have liked this book. It reminds me of him explaining things in lectures and discussions.
this book has caused much discussion in my book clubs. what do you think really happened in the novel? this is an excellent work that will leave you wondering about the facts of the book and what did or did not happen. i think i will read all of McEwans work now
Secret base with advanced tech, and safety in hand of people failed by equipment, thing spread by bite of unknown origin.
Really, the title says it all. This is the most valuable product management book I've bought. It's so thorough and well-written that I have been reading it straight through. It covers all aspects of Product Management, including strategy, forecasts, cross-functional team management, business cases, launch, and post-mortems. I cannot recommend this book highly enough. If you are a Product Manager, you can't afford not to get this book. My copy is filled with copious notes, underlines, highlights, and is dog-eared on many sections. I have recommended this book to my whole team. And no, I don't know the author. This is completely based on my own experience using this reference as a Sr. Product Manager for a major entertainment company.
This is a must read book for anyone who wants to understand how and why we must move out of our comfort zone.  It is fascinating as you read this book to wonder which one of the characters you are like the most or if you are a combination of several.  It helps you to understand yourself and to realize that decisions need to be made in our lives in order to grow.
This book is an excellent resource to help you conduct diffixult conversarions in a very systematic way.  If you are already proficient at this, the book can still benefit you by providing you with tools to become better in engaging people in a respectful and assertive way.
This is a history of British efforts to support the French resistance, including both British and French representatives. While the MI5 efforts succeeded in turning all the German agents to double agents, the British efforts in France were far less successful and were regarded by the British foreign intelligence  service MI 6 as the work of amateurs. According to this account, there were more failures than successes in this part of the war effort with most of the female agents dying in German prison camps. I think the overall verdict of history is that the efforts of these brave women made a significant contribution to the allied victory especially in delaying German troop movements by sabotage of rail movement after the invasion at Normandy. This account does not make a good case for the tactical significance of the British financed French resistance.
Kudos to the author for not taking such a serious subject too seriously. Although finance is a huge subject and hardly achievable to summarize in 240 pages, the author did a great job of touching on the major points and making them understandable. The point of the book is to focus on the courses of an MBA that are affected by Wall St and I believe that is exactly what you will get once you complete this book. In summary, this is a great book for someone that is seriously interested in the metrics Wall St looks at and also that same person should have a more than pedestrian knowledge of finance to not get completely blown away by the material.
I stumbled across this book on Amazon after reading and loving "The Time Traveler's Wife". It had a lot of good reviews so I decided to give it a try. I'll admit, when I first started reading it the whole book seemed a bit daunting: not only is it a long novel but the pages are very thin and there are a lot of words on one page. It takes a good deal of time to read this book (and I'm a fairly fast reader) so if you decide to read this book take your time with it. The Scottish accent can be really annoying and hard to understand at first. However, once you read the book for a while you get used to it and you begin to comprehend more.Claire already is married and living her life in the 1940s but mistakenly time travels to the 1700s. She meets and falls in love with someone else. Claire becomes a woman who has to decide between two lives; torn with love for two different men in two different times. This book was a great read! Not only is the writing superb but there some killer love scenes in this book! I would definitely recommend this novel if you love adventure, romance, and a dash of science fiction all in one book! I'm so happy that there are at least 6 more books to read in this series!
"Cutting for Stone" is one of those novels whose size and reputation could easily intimidate its prospective readers. It comes in at almost 550 pages, after all, and most of the story takes place in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, of all places. Its main characters are Ethiopian, Eritrean, Indian, British, or some mix of those nationalities and, even when the action moves to New York City, it is to a part of the city few Americans know anything about. The novel is part history lesson, part love story; it is both a modern novel and a reminder of the kind of thing Charles Dickens wrote on his best days; it is a science lesson and a travelogue. Bottom line: This is a very special novel, a reading experience everyone should at least consider having. Pick up this book; flip through it; read a few pages to see if it is something for you. If not, put it aside and try it again in a few months. Maybe you will get lucky the second time around.When Sister Mary Joseph Praise gives birth to twin boys, no one is more surprised than the people trying to save her life - even Dr. Thomas Stone, the man suspected of being the father of the babies cannot believe what he is seeing. Stone feels such shock and dismay at his failure to save the nun that he walks out of the lives of his sons even as they are struggling to draw their first breaths.Right up to the moment of her tragic death, Sister Mary Joseph Praise and Dr. Stone have been integral parts of the Missing Hospital community (called "Missing" only because native speakers have difficulty pronouncing the word "Mission"). Now, Hema, the mission's obstetrician, decides that she needs to devote herself to raising the twins, and Ghosh, the only other doctor, has to transform himself into a confident surgeon. Marion and Shiva Stone will grow into young men surrounded by loving and supportive people but, to say the least, they live in interesting times.The boys will prove to be good students and, with the encouragement of Hema and Ghosh, both develop the interest in medicine that will define their lives. What better place can there be than Missing Hospital for would-be medical doctors to gain countless hours of hands-on experience other medical students can only dream about.? Unfortunately, politics, in the form of military coups and Eritrean separatist rebels, will have tragic consequences for some of those closest to Marion and Shiva, even to the point that Marion is forced to leave Missing Hospital for work in a New York ghetto hospital. But that is far from the end of Marion and Shiva Stone's story.Readers will be totally immersed in the world and characters Abraham Verghese has created in "Cutting for Stone," and will find that Marion and Shiva Stone soon become believable characters despite their rather mythical entry into the world. Their relationship suffers over the years but, despite everything that happens between them, the pair shares the kind of bond only experienced by identical twins. They are so close, in fact, that Marion often feels they should be called MarionShiva rather than by their individual names. The reader will also come to love most of the supporting cast, despite the fatal flaws exhibited by a few of them, with which Verghese surrounds the Stone brothers.I do have one warning about "Cutting for Stone" (and I say this with a smile): Keep in mind that Abraham Verghese is a doctor and that he uses surgical detail and medical condition descriptions to add authenticity and passion to his prose. This is not a book to be read during lunch or dinner by anyone with a "weak stomach." Those who have read the book will know what I mean; those who have not should consider themselves warned.
Not exactly a page turner, but it definitely provides a solid foundation to build upon. Highly recommended.
This is an interesting book that deals with the realities of modern life in a way a lot of financial advisors don't. There is healthy and unhealthy debt and times when paying interest does things like build up your credit score.  And the other thing to remember, especially in these times, is that you have to remain flexible instead of built in.  Liz Weston is not a financial writer I have ever noticed before but she makes a lot of valid and interesting points.Seriously, at some point you have to look over your entire financial life and make decisions about where to put things and how.  There were years when it was simpler to put a room addition and a Jeep on different credit cards.  Almost no interest... until the boom of cheap credit crashed and suddenly it was not so simple anymore.  If you are like me and just set your bill payer for a year, you need to take money more seriously and make plans and watch out for hardships.  This book is filled with constructive and intelligent advice.
This book was recommended to me by a fellow traveler, and I will be in his debt for quite awhile!The back cover of my edition said the only bad part of this book was having to describe it to another person. They are absolutely right. The short description is that Marco Polo is describing different cities to a foreigner emperor. As it turns out, they are all different characterizations of his home town in Venice.Each description is only a page or two long. Any longer however and you would get bogged down in the language. As the descriptions come in small amounts, the reader is able to absorb the intricacies of this version of Venice before moving onto the next.What I really loved about the novel though was the commonalities about cities and structure which was touched upon throughout. Like people, there is both a uniqueness and universality to places. While I might step into a city and feel like it's home, or I've been there before, the city is still unique in it's buildings or stores or language or layout. Yet, there is something deeper which resonates within each of us.One can interpret the different passages in a number of different ways, and I suspect that when I reread the novel, I will get a different interpretation as well. I simply loved how beautifully it was written, and the way it made me think.Thus, I highly recommend this novel for the reader that wants a bit more than the usual fanfare.
Great So-Cal/Surfer book that anyone and everyone should read.  A great deal of personal struggles and just enough violence and action to keep you wanting more and more! I thoroughly enjoyed this one!
I ordered this book because mine was torn up a bit for usage.  Great wisdom, informative, and accurate.  Read and re-read
Classic Alex Cross book! Easy to read and a lot of action. They only thing I didn't like was it was a little long winded.
In 2006 I met Kent Beck at a conference and asked him how XP could work at startups. He said read 'Artful Making' and I wasn't disappointed. Software delivery and creative endevors like putting on plays have a lot in common.Both have hard deadlines.Both have fixed budgets.And both are highly dependendant on the actors they get.This book is written for software managers to show how other industries manage the creative process, yet still deliver a great product within these constraints. This is one of my favorite Agile books, and the foreword by Eric Schmidt of Google alone is worth the read.
I loved this book, read it twice.  It's a extremely informative and concise.  Being filled with stories, advice and gut checks  alike! Alot of helpful information on what he did to get rich and how you could apply it to your journey to wealth.  The stories were very informative, and really showed the ups and down of this journey.  Furthermore he outlined the type of drive and attitude you must have if you want to be rich.
So, what is so special about going to the center of the earth. Its fun and its a possibility!'A Journey to the Center of the Earth', is a narration by Axel who takes a trip to the center of the earth with his uncle, a famous mineralogist. They start their journey from a mountain in Iceland and end up.....Although, this idea is impossible(?) but the author has given such proofs that while reading the book, you actually start thinking that just may be it is possible. And come to think of it, there is yet another world miles under our feet!The story is narrated in very simple way with very few scientific details and terminologies used unlike '20,000 leagues under the sea' by the same author, where he used so many of complex marine terms that a person not familiar with them get frustrated.A good adventure book just like rest from Jules Verne. Stronly recommended to those who have taste for such adventures like going to the earth's center or going around the world in 80 days (with no air travel).
Seth with ( practical ? ) suggestions for opening, opening - mind, heart, soul; his usual otherworldly down to earth intelligence. Highly recommended.
I was interested in Trading From Your Gut since the emphasis was on right brained trading and I had just reviewed Dan Pink's Drive.  Pink recommends the book on the cover.Along with this book, I was reading the more conservative Left Brained focused 'Million Dollar Portfolio' getting myself a primer of sorts to understand some of the nuances in trading and what Curtis Faith would understand as a former "Turtle" investor.Faith talks about investing from understanding or seeing something differently than many, making a gut or right brained decision that may seem illogical, but makes perfect sense most of the time if successful in hind sight.From his success as a member of the Turtle investment team, he talks about some of the compare and contrast to others on the team and what he did differently.He shows through graphs, where he was able to ascertain when to buy and sell before the market forces and others who are swayed by the herd mentality.  He talks about a seeing this double peak, which he calls resistence verses the current typical bottom (my words) that would be the support.  He graphs this a few times, showing over time and using a few specific examples.For someone who may be somewhat skeptical, think in terms of an expert at a sport, someone can do something that is 'natural' almost without thinking and then when faced with a particular challenge, because they are so very experienced, they can see the opportunity in the challenge and take advantage of it because they are so well practiced.  This is what Faith is trying to tell us.  Much of what is Right Brained in trading is actually based on something you can quantify, sometimes consistently, and it makes perfect sense.In the book he talks about risks and rewards and the fact that trading like this will cost something in terms of fees and taxes, but he feels in the long run, someone who is capable of using this methodology would be further ahead.  In the "Million Dollar Porfolio" which is a much more conservative investment book, they quote and use Warren Buffett as a focused example, Trading from your Gut uses George Soros.I liked Curtis Faith's book and hope that it will positively influence traders who want to avoid the crowd mentality that is counterintuitive when it comes to trading.All the best.  Joe Slevin
As a former denizen of the NIH, I concur with most of the suggestions about how institutions protect the accepted and reflexively reject anything too different.  As a former scientist, Turin's arguments made great sense to me and were fully creditable.  As a student of Everett M. Rogers Diffusions of Innovations, I can readily believe that Turin falls directly into the Innovator group and will out of hand be rejected by even his closest friends.All of that said, this is an excellent book , well worth reading, not only for the fascinating theory of scent, but also about the lethargy with which the scientific community accepts radically new ideas (or rejects them).For any one who has been at the NIH or a major university this book will remind them of the politics and the pettiness of these great institutions. I loved my 4.5 years at the NIH for the extraordinarily brilliant people there.  Nonetheless, I was constantly amazed at the puerile behavior of some of those geniuses.
Indian Captive is one of my favorite Newbery Honor Awards book especially while studying early American history.  It is a glimpse into the life of the Seneca Indian tribe during the mid to late 1700s.In this classic Newbery Honor Award book, Lois Lenski authentically reconstructs the fascinating story of Mary Jemison's capture, flight, and early years with the Seneca Indians. Lenski has brought her special talents for research, for writing, and for drawing to this true American story of a white girl's life among Native Americans.The real Mary Jemison, at the age of 80, told her memories of her experiences in detail to James Everett Seaver, M.D., and the book was first published at Canandaigua, NY in 1824.  She was one of a few Indian captives who refused to return the "pale face" world.  Mary Jemison, aka 'Little-Woman-of-Great-Courage,' lived to be 91 and was buried in the Seneca churchyard at South Buffalo, and later re-buried at Letchworth Park in her beloved Genesee Valley.  Her descendants still live on the Indian reservations in western New York.Click HERE for more information on Indian Captive and Lois Lenski.I received a complimentary copy of Indian Captive from Open Road Media and NetGalley for my honest review.
The Handmaid's Tale is a story about a totalitarian theocracy set in the near future in a place called the Republic of Gilead which was formed within the borders of The United States. A military attack was staged against the President and Congress and the Consitution was abolished. This new military-style dictatorship govenment is racist, homophobic, and chauvinistic. The story is being told by Offred, a Handmaid to the Commander Fred and his wife Serena Joy. The Handmaid's are endentured servants; they are there to get impregnated by their Commander. If they are unable to become pregnant, they are sent to the Colonies which is a fate worse than death. Women who are not fertile are considered to be "Unwomen". Women in this new society have no rights. They are not allowed to read or speak. Females fell into different categories: Marthas, Wifes, Aunts, and Handmaids. Each type of woman had to wear an identifying uniform.The Handmaid's Tale is a disturbing look in a society where a woman's worth is determined by her fertility. Offred's story is told in a stream of consciousness style, out of order, dependent on her mood. She talks a lot of about her husband, Luke and her daughter. She wonders if Luke is dead; if her daughter is dead. Whenever she walks by the Wall - a place where offenders are killed and hung for display and warning- she always wonders if Luke is going to end up on the Wall. For Offred, she believes that they'd be better off dead. For me reading this book was disturbing. It made me think about the life I have and how would I react if I no longer had any rights. The 19th Amendment giving women the right to vote not even 100 years old. How quickly could that be taken away? There are still people in this country who believe the words of the Old Testament and the Bible literally in regards to a woman's role in society. I could not imagine living in a society where my body was not my own. Where I'm not considered to be a human but just a vessel for some man to plant his seed. I felt anger for those women especially Offred because she remembers what life was like before things had changed.Today there are women who live in countries where she does not have a voice. A patriarchial society where a women is not valued and has no voice. This was heavy reading but I enjoyed the book. I finished reading The Handmaid's Tale thinking about how easily this could happen. It made me think about my role as a woman and what I want to do to continue the fight for women's rights.
I enjoy Graham Brown's books. They are fast paced and unpredictable, you can't put it down!I am looking for a few more for my Kindle. I have read books written by him and Clive Cussler and they make an excellent team. Wish they would write a few more together!
Easy to read and to understand. I garanty that you will be following without any problems.Like their other books, there are helpful 'tips' and 'common programming errors' sections that bring the objective of writing functional well-written programs into sharp focus.
This book is well organized and has good exercises in it. The chapters focus on different grammatical subjects (such as imperatives, adjectives, conjunctions, etc.) with clear explanations and examples. One drawback is that some of the exercises can have several right answers, because there are many ways to say the same thing, and the answer key only gives one possibility. So, unless you use this book with a tutor, you will not know if your answer is correct. Overall, I did find it a helpful tool in my self-study of Italian.
This is the best book on the servlets in the market right now ,for JSP I  would recommand &quot;Web Development with Java Server Pages&quot;  by  Duane K. Fields, Mark A. Kolb.This book by Mart Hall is, however , not for  absolute beginners, you should know Java to get maximum benefit from the  book.
This is  one of my all time favorite authors. A truly fascinating history of a family of key players in 19th century European history.
As someone who has to prepare a sermon every week, I found the ideas in this book to be really helpful. If you feel that what you have to say is important and has the potential to really help someone, it's pretty important that what you say sticks. The book was full of great examples and very practical ideas. Highly recommended.
this book was used for a graduate class and very interesting.  It discusses knowing issues up front and being proactive instead of waiting for things to go bad.
I own every book Heyer wrote, but this is by far my favorite. A Civil Contract covers the first year and a half of an arranged marriage between an impoverished peer desperate to save his family estate from foreclosure, and a rather plain, but very nice, banker's heiress -- who unfortunately is also the former schoolmate of the woman he is in love with. I've read (in Jane Aiken Hodges' excellent biography of Georgette Heyer) that Ms. Heyer deliberately set out with this book shake up the expectations she herself had established in the romance genre -- and she succeeds admirably. Jenny has to adjust to life in the aristocracy, struggle to gain acceptance, deal with her husband's infatuation with her own school friend (a far more typical heroine), and learn how to make him happy.Charming secondary characters include the hero's dynamic sister and of course the heroine's vulgar but winning father. Jenny is the only Heyer heroine who has a baby (and is seen by the obstetrician who historically later killed Princess Charlotte with his treatments!).
Note: The review that follows is of the Second Edition (2010), a sequel to Marketing Metrics: 50+ Metrics Every Executive Should Master (2006).Data-based marketing is both an art and a science but many (if not most) marketers do not always include metrics - or at least the metrics needed -- among the data on which they depend when making and then evaluating strategic decisions to create or increase demand of what they offer.What Paul Farris, Neil Bendle, Phillip Pfeifer, and David Reibstein offer in this book is what they characterize as "a comprehensive, practical reference on the metrics used to judge marketing programs and quantify their results." This is a research-driven rather than theory-driven book, as the footnotes, "References and Suggested Further Reading" sections, and Bibliography clearly indicate. Readers will also appreciate how skillfully the co-authors use "Key concepts covered in this chapter" sections (Chapters 2-10) and dozens of "Figures" and Tables" throughout the book to complement, highlight, or even consolidate key points within the narrative.Opinions vary to the origin of the admonition that "you can't manage what you cannot measure" but no one questions the importance of obtaining accurate, relevant, and sufficient data to serve as a foundation to the decision-making process, no matter who is involved, whatever the nature and extent of the given issues and objectives may be. Nonetheless, as John A. Quelch observes, "marketing is one of the least understood, least measurable functions at many companies...Marketing executives, for their part, often fail to develop the quantitative, analytical skills needed to manage productivity. Right-brain thinkers may devise creative campaigns to drive sales but show little interest in the wider financial impact of their work." Quelch is Lincoln Filene Professor of Business Administration and Senior Associate Dean for International Development, Harvard Business School.I agree while presuming to add that not all data (however accurate, relevant, and sufficient they may be) possess a predictive capability. Recent research in neuroscience (e.g. involving use of fMRI technologies) suggests that some consumer behavior cannot be measured by traditional methodologies and at least some of that behavior can neither be measured nor managed.For whom will this book have the greatest value? One man's opinions: First, business school instructors and their students, especially those preparing for a career in marketing; also, senior-level marketing executives; finally, middle managers who aspire to become senior-level marketing executives. All that said, I agree with Jim Lecinski, Managing Director, U.S. Sales & Service, Google: "Perhaps the most pressing question in marketing today is not simply how to measure any single outcome, but understanding how all the various metrics interconnect - and the resulting financial consequences of [the given] marketing decisions." Therefore, it certainly makes sense for [begin italics] any [end italics] C-level executive to read this book, at least those involved in making strategic decisions that have impact throughout the given enterprise.
I was shocked at how GOOD this book truly is!  Great writing.  Great characters.  Some breathtaking scenes on horses.  And a lot to say about a lot of things.  All I can say is wow!
First: This book AND Jang's separate Lab book were the only resources I used for preparation. I've read negative reviews in random places that claim various things are missing from this book....so far everything I've heard folks say is missing...is absolutely in this book. The Lab book doesn't add any knowledge value but the addition of labs and exams is very helpful.These are not difficult exams but I think folks tend to under-prepare and then blame their research materials.My approach was to skip the reading and go straight to the labs (using the labs answers as a guide). Once I completed all of the labs, then I read the book. Then I did the labs again. Then I read the book again. Then I did the labs again. I stopped the cycle of insanity once I reached a point where I could complete each lab without having to look anything up and could complete a given objective in under 2 minutes. Time can murder you on these tests. My approach was to be fast, super fast.For RHCSA, I completed all tasks in under 30 minutes. That left me 2 hours to go back through everything with a fine-tooth comb over and over again and come out with a 300 out of 300 score.For RHCE, I completed all tasks within the first hour leaving me an additional hour for reboots, and SE Linux relabeling....and then a fine-tooth comb back through all of the tasks to make sure all was well. Got a 260 out of 300.....really wish they broke down your score, it'd be great if I know what area I went wrong in.Anyway, the point of all that was this.... This book (and possibly the associated Lab Book) are ALL that you need. Don't listen to the negative reviews. I keep mentioning the Lab Book but there are a ton a labs that come with this book and they're good labs, the two RHCSA and two RHCE practice exams are great as well. The only problem is this (not actually something negative about this book) - practice makes perfect and after a while, you realize you're just doing the same labs over and over again - so the Lab Book is nice.DO NOT GOOGLE FOR LABS. There are plenty of resources out there that try to give you command-line examples of what you need to know or even possible lab ideas. I've found a lot of these to be overboard and way above and beyond what you actually need to know - so they will just have you freaking out and over studying topics that don't even apply. Stick to this book. Do the labs over and again. Read CAREFULLY. Practice outside of the labs. If the book mentions something and you don't recall doing a lab for it....just do it then, try it out.
Creating a resume for the IT industry is different from other industries.  This book starts with that premise and provides good solid information.  Worth the price.
I have been a widow for six months.  This book has practical information on coping with widowhood and describes some issues I have had in enough detail so that I feel normal.  It is out of print, but I think it needs to be available at least on Kindle.  The issues expressed are timeless.
These days, it's easy to get caught up in the design of a presentation, with all the bells and whistles that Keynote and Powerpoint have to offer, while missing the actual content and delivery,I appreciate the short chapters that focus on key points to remember when creating the content, the communication with the audience. Even better: The tips come from a broad array of actors, politicians, business leaders, and others.Useful for any presenter.
books go in 2 categories for me: those I sell to the used book store and those i keep.  this is a keeper and I've lent it 2cd now.  My mom said: you've got to read this book and at first i thought huh, what is this, hmmmbut i am converted1) the style/detail level is great - the author did a good job of writing in a way that suits both main characters feelings (merges well but is definetly distinct)2) story is good, it could happen to you to - you can really see that this could happen nextdoor...3) presentation excellent: reading the same story from 2 totally different perspectives (like barbara kingslover - the poisonwood bible) is a treat.lovely, depressing, inspiring and downright a darn good read.
Humor. Friendship. The Restoration of the epistolary novel. Platonic love, a ham, and numerous exchanges of books and gifts across the ocean between a hilarious American and one reserved gentleman, with a cast of grateful bookstore clerks. Proof positive that there is no need for a plot. Hemingway and the post-modernists can go to hell. Respectfully.
So much wisdom packed in so few pages. It took me all but an hour to read the book. This book is about age-old wisdom (non-attachment, positive thoughts, etc.) woven into delightful story telling. The pictures along with their thoughts further pack the essence of the book into easily recollectable phrases. For e.g., 'Imagining Yourself enjoying your New Cheese Leads You to it' - doesn't this remind you of visualization and belief? I say delightful because the profound messages come across through simple characters (mice, cheese..) and simple story-telling.If you are thinking, simple isn't all that exciting for me to pick this for my next read, just wait till you read it yourself and read it to your children. Though this book wasn't meant necessarily for (older) children, I think they will find it easier to remember the lessons much more easily due to the simplicity  of the book.
I had the rather strange experience of reading this book AFTER Glass's newest offering ("The Whole World Over"), and so was delighted to see some characters, notably the ultra complicated tortured soul Fenno, again.Because I knew that Fenno, who is the epitome of a dour Scotsman in Three Junes, had mellowed, I had more patience with him than maybe I would have had. I never really liked him in this book, but was that the point? This brilliant collection of interwoven vignettes had me spellbound throughout. I loved the tapesty of the written word. I loved the visual pictures the words evoked. I loved moving from Greece to Scotland to New York and back again through different sets of time.In short, I loved everything about this book, and I am so glad I discovered Julia Glass, to to me, if a quintessential writer.
Really, no need for a review here but I will give one anyway.  The book is good, long to read but entertaining  - if you watch A Christmas Carol every year at Christmas time then you know the point of the story - sometimes the book is better than the movie.  A must read for people of all ages and a timeless classic.  Read a book once in awhile instead of staring at the boob tube.
Normal people, with normal jobs, with great ideas that STICK. This is the premise of this well-written book about how and why some ideas work, and others fail. As someone who works with non-profits, I enjoyed this book alot, especially in light of its simplicity in presentation and ideas to assist in GETTING to a "sticky" idea - one that will work for whatever your aim may be. Lots of good tips, with great examples. Probably a bit on the dry side if you're not interested in marketing, but I enjoyed it very much. Lots of useful information that I will take with me.
I really enjoyed this book. I had passed on it many times due to the title but finally read the excerpt and was hooked! A funny look at what it is like to behave exactly as you think rather than conform to society's norms.
This a very funny and well-written account of Lewis' brief career as a Wall Street bond saleman in the mid to late 1980s.  The culture at Salomon Brothers is, in essence, to set 250 junk-yard-dog trainees into the backyard over the winter and see who remains alive next spring.  It's an ultra-competitive environment that encourages risk-taking, often at the expense of the customer.  It also creates a weird kind of loyalty to the firm that chews you up, albeit one that pays ridiculous amounts of bonus money to twenty-somethings.Lewis captures the brutal politics and humor of this culture.  To his surprise, he succeeds as bond salesman only to walk away from the rat-fight to become a journalist.Although dated, the book does capture some essential truths about Wall Street culture.  The 2008 collapse does not seem surprising in light of this culture.
This book was a favorite of my children.  It was like new.  It arrived in a timely maner.  I am very pleased.
Apart from being a well written and very rich story, the amazing thing about this book and other Forsyth books is that they seem absolutely real. I don't know where reality ends and fiction begins in his books. Perhaps with a bit of research I could go and find out how much of this stuff is true, but the book is great anyway.The plot concerns a reporter in Germany who finds evidence of an SS officer who escaped justice after WW2. As he tries to find out more, nobody will talk to him about it, and his editor advises him to drop the story. Appalled that the German people are so apathetic about facing up to their own recent history, he presses on and eventually falls foul of the ex-officer in deadly ways.It has a lot of edge of your seat moments, and I recommend it highly.Reviewed by the author ofCopout.
"I am not a story, Mr. Foe. I may impress you as a story because I began my account of myself without preamble, slipping overboard into the waves and striking out for the shore. But [...] there was a life before the water [...] which makes up a story I do not choose to tell. [...] I am a free woman who asserts her freedom by telling her story according to her own desire."The woman is Susan Barton, speaking to the writer Daniel Defoe (he added the "de" to his family name later). Rescued after being cast away on the Caribbean island, she has sought out the author to write her story and make her fortune. Her island adventure, which she tells in the first part, is a rather different version of the story that we know fromROBINSON CRUSOE. But the larger part of the book consists of a dialogue between Susan and Foe, partly in letters, partly in person, examining the themes referred to here: the nature of the writing process, the way our lives are shaped by the stories we choose to tell about them, and above all the meaning of freedom, especially as a woman or a member of a subjugated race.Cruso (as the name is spelled here) was already on the island when Susan got there. Instead of the numerous items that Defoe will allow him to salvage from the wreck, Susan's Cruso came ashore with nothing but a knife and lives much more simply. So far from being rescued from cannibals, Friday was washed ashore with him, but he is a mute whose tongue has been cut out in childhood. At sixty, Cruso has no wish to leave the island, and when a ship does arrive to carry them away, he dies on the voyage, leaving Susan as the only witness, other than Friday who cannot speak.Susan continues to write to Foe, even after he has been forced to flee his creditors. She takes possession of his empty house, sitting at the author's desk, writing letters that may never be delivered. But as she essentially shapes her own narrative, Defoe is simultaneously shaping hers, eventually writing her out of her own tale -- but also adding new elements as though to make a separate novel out of her, as he would later do withMOLL FLANDERS. Hence Susan's forcible objections in the quotation with which I started. Indeed, Defoe's inventions come to take surreal form, as Susan is visited by a long-lost daughter conjured from the writer's imagination in response to her grief, but bearing no resemblance to her real child. Coetzee's interest in recursive narratives has continued to the present day, as in his recentSUMMERTIME, but this 1986 novel is the most intellectually abstract of his that I have read, though fascinating in the manner of an Escher drawing.But there are serious points behind the mind-games. Most obviously, the feminist complaint that although Susan can serve as Foe's muse, she has no control over the artistic progeny. Her castaway story will be reshaped with the relatively passive Crusoe as hero, whereas Defoe's heroines would all be fallen women. Even more interesting, for a South African author writing under Apartheid, is the silencing of Friday. Unable to speak for himself, unable even to write, Friday's existence depends entirely on those who write his story for him, and even Susan's willingness to accord him the freedom she claims for herself is valueless without the ability to give him the narrative to support it.
Exciting, entertaining and very informative.  No matter what books you typically read you will enjoy this one.
The problem with the world today is that the corporations are taking over and dominating life in a feudalistic way.  Langemeier wants to change this with Cash Machine for Life, a kinda gimmicky and cheesy, but really common-sense look at creating a business and making it succeed.  She says that everyone has marketable talents/interests that they can sell in the form of a product.  It's not brain science, but she does a great job at giving step-bystep instructions on how to acheive financial independence.The book is kinda likeThe 4-Hour Workweekminus the outsourcing bit.  If you can't see yourself going out on your own despite the inspiration in this book, I really recommend How to Take Advantage of the People Who Are Trying to Take Advantage of You by Morse, which gives techniques to cash in without risking it all.Overall, this is a good and inspirational book.  It didn't receive the 5 stars because it Langemeier seems to forget that what ferriss calls the Muse is the most difficult part to develop in becomming rich.  The cash machine is automatic after that!
This is a classic. My daughter finally read it once I found it for my kindle and she just loves it as much as I do. Such a wonderful moral to the story.
My second reading of Sixty Stories, ten years past the first, revealed all that I had missed initially, and also much in the interval I suppose. This original writing bears little resemblance to traditional fiction; rather, it is fluidly synchronized fragments of surreality (although Barthelme himself parodied the notion of him being a "fragmatist" in one of his interviews).Sixty Stories is the broadest overview of Barthelme's work from the 60's and 70's; many of these stories originally appeared in The New Yorker. The philosophical juxtaposes with the concrete details of waking life in these compositions, even as many seem to be dream constructions. Audaciously biting wit weaves through the cryptic non-sequiturs that litter the fictional terrain like lurking landmines; the characters manifest as the intransigent entities that fill the daily headlines.These experiments in parody and travels to strange and fabled places are juxtaposed against the angst and turbulences that underpinned the second third of the twentieth century. A palpable suspension of belief is required of the reader as one traverses the obscurities in many of these bright pages. Some of the best stories, such as "Critique de la Vie Quotidienne" (where family life collides with an addiction to Scotch); "Our Work and Why We Do It" (life in a typesetting shop, the nature of which Don B. was thoroughly familiar with); and "The Sergeant" (with it's hilariously bizarre ending) - these well-crafted creations show the master at his absurdly best.If well seasoned word-play and blackly humorous irony are disorienting for you, this guy may not be your man. However, if you can appreciate an imagination that compellingly impresses with originally inventiveness, Don B. will gladly take up lodging in your brain.ParataxisThe Cloud ReckonerExtracts: A Field Guide for Iconoclasts
'My experiences in Sierra Leone were rich enough, but I have never been satisfied with what I made of them.'  So Graham Greene wrote in 1980, three decades after his publication of 'The Heart of the Matter.'  Ever a tough self-critic, the novel has been far better received by scholars and audiences than Greene himself.  This widespread success has helped to establish Greene as one of the twentieth century's leading British novelists and, with figures such as Evelyn Waugh, Paul Claudel, and Franois Mauriac, as one of the greatest Roman Catholic writers in modern history.First published in 1948, 'The Heart of the Matter' was inspired by Greene's life as a British intelligence officer in Sierra Leone during the Second World War.  Greene, mixing his Catholic background with immense skills in fiction, journalism, and travel writing, penned a social drama that is arguably the best of his career.  It earned the James Tait Black Memorial Prize, Britain's version of the Pulitzer, in its first impression and reached Time Magazine's list of the 100 best English-language novels from 1923 to 2005.Taking place in a Sierra Leone township during wartime, Greene draws vividly from his experiences as an MI6 official and the well-known irregularities of his love life.  He immerses us with the novel's opening pages into a hot, humid, and malaria-ridden territory of coastal British Africa; the sweat on one's arms, the constant feeling of being watched, and the sound of vultures clopping on tin roofs predominate this scene.  The locals of Sierra Leone - those of the Black underclass - are illiterate, often born out of wedlock, and fill roles comparable to slavery.Against this musty backdrop, Greene paints his characters with a simple, journalistic flair.  The focal point is Henry Scobie, a deputy commissioner who is next in line to head the colony's police department.  Scobie and his wife Louise are devout Catholics who seem out of place in their African surroundings: Scobie, while regarded as an honest and efficient officer, is distrusted by his colleagues for being too above-board.  Louise is an aloof and opportunistic woman who has little in common with her husband, including a thirst for social advancement and a love of poetry.  Yet their relationship endures in this bleak setting; marriage has once again become a 'habit,' as Greene so often laments.Scobie's main asset - a sympathy for those around him - is also his most glaring weakness.  Consumed by a police state where unhappiness reigns, Scobie damages his integrity by taking loans from Yusef, a Syrian gem trafficker, in order to send Louise on a costly relocation to South Africa.  While Louise is away, he falls in love with Helen Rolt, a young woman who managed to survive days at sea following a boating accident that killed her just-married husband.  Scobie discovers his faith as a Catholic, the one power he can turn to, unraveling in this chaos while at the same time galvanizing his link with the divine.  This happens while a London spy named Wilson, who holds childish feelings for Louise, keeps a watchful eye and happily reports to his superiors.'The Heart of the Matter,' written at the peak of Greene's literary abilities, is a novel with superb emotional depth and range.  Much of the story takes place as an interior monologue that follows Scobie's ensuing crises in love, faith, and the will to live.  While firmly rooted in Greene's Catholic outlook, the novel extends beyond his faith and deals with universal concepts of self-respect, compassion, and decency: how can one maintain his truthfulness, Greene asks, in a world of lies and deceit?  Should we really have intolerance for deceit when the world appears so rotten?  And is total understanding between human beings possible when compared to the definiteness of a man's spirituality?Compared to earlier novels such as 'England Made Me' and 'Brighton Rock,' 'The Heart of the Matter' has better-developed characters, a more cohesive plot, and solid narration.  Greene still falls into an overuse of simile and certain events don't happen with a feeling of the inevitable, but 'Matter' still ranks as one of the best-written novels in twentieth century literature and holds a deserving place in Green's 'Catholic' cycle of novels that secured his legacy.'The Heart of the Matter' is a frequently-printed novel that can be acquired in used copies on the Internet.  Used for this review was the 1960 printing by Compass Books (C70, 306 pages), a subsidiary of The Viking Press.  More recent editions have appeared from Penguin Books and Vintage Classics.  The novel is an absolute must for Greene fans and highly recommended for all serious readers.
This book is GREAT!  I've been teaching statistics to students who have little interest in statistics.  In fact, most of them are math phobic.  Students who use STATISTICS FOR THE UTTERLY CONFUSED to supplement their learning just love it.  Jaisingh has a wonderfully creative mind.  He reduces complex concepts to the most fundamental meaning.  From that point, phobic students begin to understand the applications of statistics to their profession.  Most importantly, they experience success and become less math phobic.One particularly section of his book stands out -- z-score transformation.  Understanding z-score transformation is a problem for many of my students.  After class lectures and reading Jaisingh's elaboration of these concepts, students gain insight.  Mose importantly than z-score transformation, students advance their knowledge regarding the relevance of normal distributions.This is a worthy book for any math phobic student who is enrolled in a statistics course.
I tend to gobble down mystery novels like peanut M&M's, sometimes without even noticing the colors, if you know what I mean.  But The Various Haunts of Men stopped me in my tracks.  This is one of those rare finds:  a tense, atmospheric novel that reads like the psychotic aunt of your typical British cozy.  Yep, there's the erudite, handsome detective Chief Inspector with an artistic side and a troubled aristocratic family.  And, oh yes, there's the gutsy policewoman who has a teeny crush on him, and her boyish partner as well.  Lots of fascinating secondary characters who all come to life on the page add to the novel's texture.  But there is something so twisted and dark about the setting and narrative that the novel grasps you in its claws and won't let you go.  Not a comfortable read but often a thrilling one, with sentences that you have to savor because they're so laden with foreboding.  Take a look at these two, picked hastily and at random:  "A heron, long legs dangling, flew down into a field beside a stream, and stood, erect, elegant, uncannily still.  A hare raced suddenly up a slope and out of sight."  Something evil is lurking on the Hill, and every scrap of leaf and fallen twig conveys that.  Some readers were disappointed by the ending, I know, but I thought it was a courageous twist on the usual outcome of this sort of book.  Hill is definitely on my list as one of today's top mystery novelists.
Not just how to talk, but how to pick up on clues to say something interesting to a person you just met!Good stuff.  ;-)
Most people who have read P.G. Wodehouse have focused on his Jeeves and Blandings Castle stories.  In those books and short stories, the aristocratic bumblers often refer fondly back to their old school chums and the rollicking times they had while there.  The Drones Club is often the starting site for trying to recreate those halcyon days.  Occasionally, Bertie Wooster is called upon to interact with some school or another and those tales are often brilliantly funny as he climbs in and out of where he isn't supposed to be.I recently read Plum Sauce, the excellent P.G. Wodehouse companion, and found that Mr. Wodehouse had also written a number of earlier books and stories based on school days.  I wondered what they would be like.An early offering was called Mike, from 1909.  The book is now titled Mike and Psmith (pronounced "Smith" according to the book and the author).  Psmith became a major character for Mr. Wodehouse in latter years, so this is his origin story.  Psmith will remind you of a young Gally (who is often found in the Blandings stores).The story begins simply enough.  Young Mike Jackson is happily enjoying the end of his public school (that's a private school in the UK) education before heading off to Cambridge to start his university studies.  He's about to become the captain of the Wrykyn cricket squad and is the team's star batter.Life is good only briefly for young Mike, however.  His father had warned him that another bad report about his academic performance and young Mike would be shipped off to another school.  When that report arrives, he father packs him off to cricket and social Siberia, Sedleigh.Mike vows to be as indolent as ever in his academics and to refuse to involve himself in cricket for such a lowly place.  He's joined in this attitude by Psmith who arrives as a recently expelled new student at about the same time.  The two find that they're from the same part of England and social class, and quickly team up against those whom they see as little more than mildly amusing bumpkins.Their attitudes allow them to be quite effective in pulling the wool over the eyes of his housemaster who is easily manipulated in many amusing ways.  Those same attitudes put both young men right in the sights of an increasingly angry and vengeful form master who supervises their academic performance.The conflict continually escalates in humorous ways that had me happily laughing aloud on many pages.  I also enjoyed the story because it brought back memories of many wonderful pranks that I helped play when I was in high school.All of the conflicts are eventually resolved in typically unexpected and very ironic ways.Now, for those who don't know a cricket pitch from a bocce court, I suggest that you not be inhibited by that sport's appearance in this book.  You'll get the general idea, and that's all you really need.If you would like to have some specific ideas of what Mr. Wodehouse meant by Bertie's relations with all of his old school chums, be sure to read Mike and Psmith.  It's a corker!
This is a comprehensive handbook designed for anyone who are (or soon to be) working at management level of creative industry, particularly in user experience or human-computer interaction field. It covers everything from starting up the team, hiring strategies, getting things started, designing appropriate environment for the creative team, managing priorities and interests of different parties, stimulating the team, and everything else in between.Each topic is explained thoroughly with ample examples as well as illustrations in a form of table, chart, or diagram -- all of which are mostly taken from past experiences of UX managers or relevant researches and studies. Comprehensive coverage of UX team management is organized in chapters and sub-chapters, making it quick and easy to understand each concept.Be it in small fresh startup company or in huge multinational company, this book can be used as a training tool for anyone who would like to venture in UX team management, as well as those professionals who is currently in this field who can use this book as reference and guide. A quick skim would probably give you the right answer to the current problem you're trying to address in your UX team.
I love the Jane Casey books featuring Maeve Kerrigan--great plots, characterization, and fluency of language. Maeve is one of my favorite crime fiction characters--feisty, honest, tenacious, and real. I always look forward to the next book by Jane Casey. I highly recommend this series.
I've had this book in my library for a number of years now. It is one of the three "must have" books according to stock trading record holder Dan Zanger (who I've written a number of articles about) who turned $10,775 into $18 million in 24 months using many of the ideas from O'Neil's books.This is a strategy that will take the neophyte years to perfect and lesson number one should be learning when to stay out of the market altogether. Periods such as the meltdown from 2000-2002, 2007-2009 and mid-2011 (quite possibly) are recent examples. Fundamental parameters in the CANSLIM formula work by far the best in bull markets. The ugly flip-side is that relying on companies with strong fundamentals can be a dangerous practice when the bear takes over - the biggest challenge is that earnings and all fundamentals lag price action so are very poor at getting your out of the market in a correction. Companies don't wait to go up on rising earnings, they rise in advance on expectation! And knowing when these expectations change is nearly impossible without looking at a stock chart.Don't get me wrong, many of the ideas discussed in the book are extremely useful. Just be very careful about when you apply them and always use a pre-set stop loss just in case the market suddenly reverses on you.I am also curious how many of the ideas discussed by O'Neil were previously discussed by Nicholas Darvas author of such books as How I Made $2,000,000 in the Stock Market, a feat he apparently achieved in the 1957-8 bull market.How I Made $2,000,000 in the Stock MarketThe serious student of markets should also read his books in my opinion.The moral here is don't expect to make your first million in stocks without a lot of work. It takes years to learn how to spot money making chart patterns and develop the confidence to implement them.I have posted a number of articles on this topic that area available free on my website.Disclosure - Review copy of this book was provided by publisher.
I loved the little know tidbits that were included in the book.  I particularly liked the ongoing rivalry between Brunelleschi and Ghiberti.I like another reader would have appreciated either more diagrams (even if not of the period) to go along with the written description of some of the machines and techniques.  They were rather hard for me to visualize.My star ratings:One star - couldn't finish the bookTwo stars - read the book, but did a lot of skipping or scanning.  Wouldn't add the book to my permanent collection or search out other books by the authorThree stars - enjoyable read.  Wouldn't add the book to my permanent collection.  Would judge other books by the author individually.Four stars - Liked the book.  Would keep the book or would look for others by the same author.Five start - One of my all time favorites.  Will get a copy in hardback to keep and will actively search out others by the same author.
This is an excellent book.These are some questions the book deals about: How a photograph is made? What are its purposes? How should its context be considered? Was that photograph made or taken?In this book several criteria (even opposite ones) about photographs are also analyzed and compared, leaving to the reader the decision about the one(s) to take. The process of understanding a photograph is not simple, but this book is a nice guide to follow.At the end of the book, examples of reviews are included, as a reference not only for students, but also for the person who simply would want to talk about a photograph. Moreover, advice concerning the redaction is also given.
The first three books were charming and interesting, but this 4th book is superior.  The Love Commandos has much more complicated cases and does more to bring out the personalities of the characters than the first three.  Maybe that's because it's the 4th book and with more books more personality traits are uncovered.You don't have to start with the first book to enjoy these books, but I would recommend that you do to kind of ease in to the characters.And, if you like this series you might enjoy Mr. Hall's Salaam Brick Lane  which is about his life in the East End of London.
What a wonderful, humorous, courageous, uninhibited, effusive, candid, delightful book! I absolutely enjoyed reading Juska's friend-to-friend style of writing as she plunges headfirst into an outlandish adventure totally out of character with her (up-to-then) proper, respectable persona. At age 66 she decides to send a provocative ad to a personals section in a literary magazine, reading: "Before I turn 67--next March--I would like to have a lot of sex with a man I like. If you want to talk first, Trollope works for me." (Trollope, of course, refers to her favorite author). She thus embarks on a journey of lust, passion, happiness and love, as she discovers the pleasures of the flesh while overcoming old ghosts such as her mother's judgment, body image woes, and society's conventions on how little old ladies should feel and act. --A word of caution, though: this book is quite explicit! ...Ok, so maybe that will make you pick it up. I can guarantee, however, you will not be able to put it down. Juska is a funny, sexy lady and in the end, this book is triumphant.
Asset protection is an endeavor fraught with much dubious motivation and many snake oil salesmen.  The common methods believed by laypeople are often ineffective or illegal, and the advice offered flogged by clever marketers is often overpriced and wrongly described.  Even for competent lawyers who offer legitimate advice in this field, there are few who can match the author's breadth, scope, and depth of knowledge on the subject.Adkisson presents the topic legitimately, with all the seriousness and accurracy and wisdom that his considerable experience has endowed him.While this is not a checklist and forms manual, this is a strategic considerations guide that is indispensible to a complete and thorough understanding of asset protection.  I have read a lot on the subject and practiced more than a little and never have I encountered such a complete and global overview of the topic, methods, motivations, and pitfalls.Any serious professional level practicer of estate planning and business entity formation should benefit from this topic.  CPAs will benefit as much as lawyers and laypeople who have the wealth that needs protecting will do well to read it too.This book packs a hell of a bang for the buck, that's for sure.
I knew nothing about TCP/IP. As a result, I bought a book "learn TCP/IP in 24 hours" and trashed it after I bought this book, no more 24 hour books. I had no idea what routing is and were to start looking for documents on the internet. This book is scientific and puts it all together. Each chapter lists the RFC that he relied on so you know were the stuff came from. The book is not boring; the author is excellent in explaining ideas. He covers ICMP, GGP, OSPF, EGP, DHCP, DNS, BOOTP, ARP and more. I feel I have accomplished something big by reeading this book. If you are not a beginner in routing, then look at the RFCs they are the source.
I read this every year.  The perfect story for Christmas day.  Charles Dickens is truly a master.  This Kindle edition is well done, and I spotted no errors.  very nice.
this is a good book and a good way to get it will teach and you learn and what it right
After "The Austere Academy," I wondered whether this series of books could get any better.  They can and they did.  In "The Ersatz Elevator," the sixth book in this series, the Baudelaire orphans move in with a non-relative in a penthouse apartment.  While you might think that a penthouse apartment, which has something like 71 bedrooms and kitchens, and sitting rooms, and on and on, would be a lovely place to live, you would be thinking wrong, because this is one of the books in "A Series of Unfortunate Events," and those of you that have read the previous books know that little good comes to pass concerning the Baudelaire orphans.This time the problem is that Esme Squalor (the sixth most important financial advisor in the city) and her husband Jerome are way too hung up on what is "in".  Esme must go to only the "in" restaurants; she must wear only "in" clothes, which includes the children, and on and on.  Unfortunately, being "in" also means multiple compromises in terms of comfort.  For example, the penthouse is on the top of a building with 66 stories, and elevators are "out".  So the Squalors and the Baudelaires must walk up and down the 66 stories each time the go in to and out from the building.  They certainly received sufficient exercise.  Before I forget, orphans are also "in".Of course, we know that Count Olaf must eventually show up, and he does.  However, there is a mystery.  We find that Count Olaf went up to the apartment and did not later leave the building.  Therein lies the crux of the mystery for this story.This story climaxes with the children running briefly into old friends, and then losing them again.  They also nearly catch Count Olaf, again.  In the end, the children are forced to find a new home once again.  Unfortunately I am unable to tell you more, because Lemony Snicket, should he ever escape from his current predicament, would hunt me down and provide me with agony should I reveal the end of this Baudelaire tale.  Suffice it to say that the Baudelaires have their best adventure yet, with even better to come.This series has had its strong points and its weak points.  In general this book is one of the better ones in the series, readily matching "The Austere Academy."  In addition to the direct lessons provided in the book, the children once again are masters of their own fates, and are forced to get themselves out of their predicaments with minimal adult help.  I also enjoyed the moral tale provided by Lemony Snicket regarding people that must always keep up with everyone else in style or fashion.  For this last point alone the book is a must-read for every teenage child.The violence in this story is a bit more muted than in some of the previous books, and I think that an 8 or 9 year old child should be able to handle the story well.  Certainly Esme could generate a great deal of family discussion of status and whether status is sufficiently important to cause people pain or to break laws.In keeping with the trend of the last book, this book continues to expose the children to new experiences and to challenge their abilities to take care of themselves.  Once again, while there are certainly negative aspects to the story, the positive aspects outweigh the negatives.  This book is easily a good successor to "The Austere Academy," and sets a standard for the next books in the series.  I will tell you now that the next two books are just as good as or better than this book and "The Austere Academy," thus continuing the excellence of this unconventional children's series.  5 stars again!
I love reading books like this to refresh and even come up with a few new ideas to get me kick started on a better performing shop. I was given this book as a referral and will do the same to you.
A Little Princess follows the story of Sara Crewe, a young girl whose mother died when she was a baby and who has been sent to bording school. She has the finest clothes and toys and anything she wants but isn't spoiled (the story is a fairy tale, by the way). She imagines herself as a princess and wants to be kind wise and just. She does good deeds as her way of "scattering largess to the population." This results in her being the social butterfly of the bording school and earns her the animosity of its queen bee. All this changes in an instant when her fortune is lost and she becomes a scullery maid in the same boarding school. She works all day, sleeps in an unheated attic, and is underfed. She now imagines herself as a princess in disguise, and continues to try and do good deeds for anyone less fotunate. But now she has another identity too - a soldier, like her father, who must live on rations and bravely face each day.I didn't find this book to be overly sappy and sentimental, but it got close to the borderline at times. There were plenty of discussions of dolls and lacey dresses and ribbons. I read this as an adult. I guess these are supposed to appeal to little girls who want to have a little princessy playground and so would love to read about ribbons, but I think descriptions of lace would have put me off as a child as well. Like I said, these only get borderline sappy, probably because Sara soon becomes penniless and enters the lower class. As a scullery maid she experiences hunger, phsychological abuse from the bording school mistress, and a grinding work schedule. This is not sugar coated for the children, but it isn't the focus either. The focus is on Sara's internal thoughts, her relationships with her few loyal student friends, and what she thinks of the neighbors and the new people she meets and things she sees. So even though there is all this poverty it is there as a setting and not because the author has an axe to grind. Even the ending is fairy tale, but partly bitter-sweet. Strangely enough, this book came across as realistic.This is a children's book, but functions as a book for adults as well. For example, the estate agent's diplomacy in getting Sara hired by the bording school after she is found to be penniless has some subtlties that are going to be more real for older readers.I recommend this book to all. It is a children's book that works for adults too. It skirts the border of sappy, but for me didn't cross over at any point. It was a good story that I read through quickly and did not get bored with or bogged down by.
Written from the perspective of a 10 year old boy, Doyle's writing throughout the book is in short bursts, talking about one thing then off on another. This very much emulates the way children's thought patterns jump from one thing to another.I had to smile in some parts at the childish understanding of events and the way it evoked memories of my own play at a similar age.Paddy's awareness of his parents quarrels and his struggling to stay awake to prevent them arguing was sad, as was his understanding of how events would pan out.  His own long standing friendships seemed to come to an end at the same time as his parents, but his instinct to survive and the way his relationship with his younger brother Francis (Sinbad) developed seemed very true to life.  One to read!!
Probability and statistics can be difficult subjects for students, and this Schaum's outline is very helpful both for explaining the theory and showing lots of numerical examples and practice problems in these very much related disciplines. Since a knowledge of probability is necessary to thoroughly understand statistics, that subject is tackled first, in the first four chapters. Statistics is addressed in the last six chapters of the book. The narrative of this book is very thorough, and intersperses explanations with worked out examples throughout. The book starts with basic probability, moves on through random variables, expectation, and special probability functions such as the binomial and Poisson distributions. In the statistics half of the book, there are chapters on sampling and estimation theory, hypotheses testing, curve fitting, regression, correlation, variance analysis, and finally the more advanced topic of nonparametric testing. Appendices offer some valuable distributions and tables. Of course, if you need to study these subjects more in depth such as expectation and detection or random processes, you are going to need other books for further study. However, at just over 400 pages in length, this book provides a good introduction to the topics of probability and statistics for a fraction of what many less enlightening textbooks cost and it is ideal for self-study. I highly recommend it.
The book offers good advice on exercising, particularly on running, and nutrition.  Stu places a lot emphasis on endurance training rather than speed; he also creates a model of exercise that revolves around the enjoyment of the process as the only way to develop the long-term habits of exercise.I bought the book because I wanted to learn what Stu did to maintain such physical fitness and endurance in his 50s.  The book covers his exercise and nutritional philosophy quite well, although the information is not revolutionary.  Mr. Mittleman has an incredible record as an endurance athlete and in this book he teaches us his simple to follow approach for a healthy, energy-filled life.  Stu Mittleman is an incredible role model and an extraordinary athlete.  Enjoy!
Well written good for history on nursing
Good read and great &#34;how to&#34; on the book from the author - who is very knowledgeable -unless you really need a few ideas on how to get things done i would just suggest playing with Google plus and you will be fine.
My kindergarten loves this book. He needed help with a few words the first time thru and now he is able to sound them all out on his own.
I found this book enlightening and inspirational, it is one of the best books I have read. I would encourage everyone to read it.
I was "sick that day" in high school when we covered great books.  I was the kid that spent more time skateboarding, t.v. watching, class-clowning, and playing hookie, then I did reading or paying attention.  The ol' "You are only cheating yourself" I found out is true. I missed out on great stories and storytellers that can put a needle point on the human condition.  It wasn't until after college that I thought learning, especially reading great fiction, was important.  Now that I have a little bit of perspective and understand why we love stories and why there are books that last generations and centuries I want to get into them.  These stories tap into that aspect of our humanity that is "universal".If you were like me - "sick that day" they read Twain, Steinbeck, Homer, Augustine, Machiavelli, and on and on - then you want to pick up this book to help steer you in the right direction for a life time of reading.  Since I am a neophyte to literature I am sure other reviewers can say, "He left that book off" or "He should not have included that book."  I cannot do that, but I can appreciate the very easy to read and helpful resource that is at my fingertips.  Fadiman and Major, aside from a few obscurities, point out books that we should all be familiar with and that I believe are regularly referenced in the broader culture.  They are books that tell stories that have influenced the story of western civilization.  We are who we are in part because of these books.  For that reason, I am appreciative of a work that helps me understand what books are important to read and why.Is there a better source?  Maybe.  But if you are looking to whet your appetite and looking to get your feet wet in great literature, then you cannot go wrong by beginning here.
This is an delightful story of the life of a pastor.  I was so drawn in to the book that I read the whole series.  This is the second book of the Mitford Series.
There are a lot of tips that I've already heard that are in this book that haven't worked for my baby, but there are a few that I haven't tried yet.  My 4month old son is getting over an ear infection, and when he does we are going to try the gentle ways they have in here to get your baby to sleep longer.  I also wanted ideas on how to get your baby to sleep on his own and I believe there is a section on that also.
Michael Jay Geier has written a truly comprehensive book on troubleshooting and repairing electronic equipment. He discusses diagnostic procedures in a clear and lucid manner, and provides background electronic theory, including use of test equipment. I found helpful his extensive coverage of the oscilloscope, with lots of practical solutions to problems one could encounter, particularly in the course of "tough dog" repairs. I recommend the book for students and  working technicians looking to extend their expertise.
The other reviewers have amply described the storyline of this book and its predecessor, The Dawn Patrol.  At the risk of redundancy, Don Winslow is an underappreciated literary treasure and his books just keep getting better.  As I wrote in a previous review, I look forward and beg for more books with this same endearing band of characters amidst the San Diego seascape.  It is 2 a.m. and I could not put this book down. Absolutely fantastic.
...The book is comprised of letters exchanged by a New York-based American television script writer and various personnel at a small London bookshop where she prefers to buy all her books. The bookseller tolerates her insistance on paying in US currency and stoically endures her teasing and scolding when they send her a book that doesn't quite come up to her expectations. What comes across in this twenty year exchange of letters is the ease with which making and keeping friends is possible--if one only makes the effort. In the years immediately following World War II, Hanff saw that rationed food stuffs were sent to the shop so that they could be shared among the staff. The letters of thanks sent to Hanff and the enthusiasm with which the booksellers greeted friends of the author who happened to visit the shop when taking their vacations in England shows that their affection for their American friend was sincere and deep.Don't read this collection with the expectation that you will get an in-depth view of the characters' lives. Read it as a way of discovering how simple it is for human beings to drop their defenses and treat one another with respect, civility, humor, and openness. Read it when your hope for humanity is at its lowest."84, Charing Cross Road" reminded me of Jan Struther's "Mrs. Miniver." I believe "Mrs. Miniver" was originally published as a series of newspaper articles. When collected into a book, it was rightly or wrongly perceived as a novel. Readers who see it as a novel usually have complaints about it's structure and seeming lack of plot (if this is what you desire, you can always rent the movie). Read as a collection of finely crafted observations of daily life in England during World War II, it's a moving tribute to the strength and durability of the human spirit. "Miniver" and "84, Charing Cross Road" make great back-to-back reads.
I really like dystopian books. This one was good for me because I liked the ending. Endings are important to me and dystopian books tend to mess up in the endings (to my liking). This one was fine.
I went to the bookstore and picked up a random Grisham novel.  Little did I know that this book had nothing to do with the law.  It took me a good two hundred pages to figure it out.  The biggest surprise was the fact that this book was the best book I read from him.  Grisham proves his worth as a storyteller by providing the simplest story of all - a seven-year-old farm boy's autumn.While Grisham's greatest strength is his knack for telling a good story, his law novels often go beyond the usual and norm to present an almost unlikely scenario.  This book simply relies on the accounts of a boy whose life is extraordinary by being almost ordinary.  And Grisham pulls this off very well.A boy, living with his parents and grandparents, deals with a typical farmer's struggle - picking season.  The family deals with debt, Mexican and hillbilly laborers, townspeople, neighbors, secret affairs, and even a murder.  Grisham expertly depicts  the simple life of the farmer intermingled with the complexities of rural survival.  From the murder of a brutish laborer, to the kid's first glimpse of television, the book's range from action to touching.A simple book by a great storyteller, I recommend this book to all.
This collection of magazine reviews and essays, first published in 1990, serves as a short course in the development of American and European art over the last few centuries.  The eye is keen, the mind is thoroughly grounded in art history and tradition, and the writing is lucid and provocative. Hughes wrote the magazine pieces while working as the art critic for Time Magazine.  They tend to be triggered by major exhibitions of modern artists or major retrospectives of dead ones.  Hughes always starts from the work, and deals with the constricted space of the magazine format by isolating something essential about an artist:  DeKooning's draftsmanship; Hopper's despair held in abeyance; Pisarro's decency; Pollock as aesthete instead of wild cowboy; the mismatch between Rothko's intellectual aims and artistic strategies.  Sandwiched between whiskey ads and the pimping of NBC's new sitcom, Hughes' magazine reviews demonstrate an admirable ability to dissect major paintings and analyze artists without talking down to Time's mass audience.The longer essays first appeared in venues such as The New York Review of Books and The New Republic.  In these pieces, Hughes lets his critical and rhetorical capabilities off the leash.  The opening essay gives us Hughes' take on the 1980s New York art scene, which Hughes saw as a "low, dishonest decade," for several interrelated reasons.  First, the art being produced did not serve or surpass the modernist tradition that preceded it; for Hughes, all serious art must grapple with what came before it, and figure out how to move beyond it.  ("An artist's every action is judged by an unwearying tribunal of the dead.")  Intelligent evaluation of the work produced by emerging artists became supplanted by hype.  And it's easier to hype a work - and charge outrageous prices for it - if you unmoor it from any serious critical evaluation of what the work is actually achieving.  He's right; it does seem like a very far way from Pollock and deKooning to Basquiat and Koons, and not necessarily progress.Some of the more memorable longer pieces include his take on Warhol's affectless self-promotion, and his dismantling of Baudrillard's bombastic drivel on the essence of America.  There's an informative essay on art and money that shows how escalating art prices remove art from the public because museums can't afford to bid against private collectors for major pieces, and because the insurance costs on major works make comprehensive retrospectives fiendishly difficult to assemble.  Denied access to visceral experience of a sculpture or painting, aesthetic consensus is increasingly derived from reproduced rather than actual objects.  This makes the art world more vulnerable to brilliant promoters like Warhol or clever packagers like Hirsch.  As Hughes puts it, "the art world looks more like the fashion industry than itself. . ."There's a wonderful essay on Goya that traces the connection between Goya's artistic output and his life experiences.  Goya's career was in essence a long grapple with one of our central conundrums:  do the failings of humankind derive from bad laws and bad rulers, or is there something fundamentally flawed at the core of human nature?  To which Goya, having made his way up through the realms of craft, ambition, political maneuvering, fame, liberal ideals, illness and dashed dreams, would have replied, and did reply, yes.  Over two centuries later, we haven't moved past where he was, which is why Goya's work still retains its immediacy and power to move us.Hughes is an entertaining writer and a discerning critic.  Some of his takes on the "contemporary" scene have been dated by events of the past three decades, but his grasp of the past is powerful and sure.  His trained eye and sense of history help to ground an art world prone to drift skyward propelled only by its own hot air.
As the title implies, "Option Strategies for Earnings Announcements" has a quite limited audience: short-term traders who are already experienced with leveraged derivatives and want a data-driven approach to improving the odds when speculating on the share price volatility surrounding corporate earnings announcements. It's difficult to predict both the earnings and the market's reaction to them.This methodical analysis data analysis covers long and short bullish and bearish directional trades as well as pure volatility trades and trades on earnings momentum. The importance of implied volatility as an expression of uncertainty is discussed. Factors such as historical earnings announcement returns, market cap, valuation, and industry sector are analyzed to determine past performance and aid in narrowing the field when selecting securities.My primary criticism of the theory underlying this impressive work is two-fold. The data analyzed is from the past quarter-century, much of which period is an outlier in context of longer-term financial markets and that outlier effect is even more pronounced in the last decade.Furthermore, the predictive power of past financial data is problematic under even the best circumstances and it fades even more when it is analyzed in a vacuum without regard to non-numerical events and trends, especially in the face of disruptive events such as disasters, the introduction of new technologies, or speculative bubbles.So, it's very important to take such analyses in perspective and remember that they necessarily rely on past data and ceteris paribus assumptions. When investing, recognize them as one fallible factor used in making what ultimately must be a non-rational or gut decision.
What a writer. This book was so cute, so enjoyable, and has been my "Christmas" coffee table book for the last few years.This book will take no more than an afternoon to read, but will tickle your funnybone for a good while.What an amazing writer, I for one have enjoyed each and every book by Mr. Grisham.I am really enjoying his change of subject matter from book to book these days, and I find it amazing his talent can adjust for such a wide range of storylines.Can't wait to see what he'll do next!!
I have never encountered a character quite like Stephen Dedalus.  He is sad, happy, complex, strange, unlikable, but always fascinating.  Stephen is the main character in Joyce's "Portrait of an Artist", which is a semi-autobiographical tale of Joyce's alter ego.  The story is told entirely in third person, although most of the time you swear it is being told in the first.The story is not as important as the form, or as the emotion.  These elements are precisely what makes "Portrait" so good.  As far as plot goes, it is not concrete, yet that goes perfectly along with the flow of the story.  `Portrait" opens boldly and brilliantly, charting Stephen's incoherent thought processes as a youth.  Sentences wildly strung together, uneven, yet right on target on how a mind so young might work.  The second part of the story is dark, menacing, and wandering.  Almost like a nightmare with words.  This goes along well with the emotional turmoil of Stephen's soul as he enters into sin.  The third part of the story is controversial, ad it probes the positives and negatives of religion quite well.  Stephen begins to turn his soul over to God at this point, mainly because of fear.  The fourth part deals with Stephen's "awakening" as he breaks free of religion and starts to discover what he truly wants.  The final part of the story is mostly scenes of dialogue, and is the most philosophical part of the book and the most structured.  Here he is an intellectual, artistic poet and thinker.  He still leaves his future wide open, yet has finally reached the point in his life that he feels will take him where he needs to go.Supposedly, "Portrait" has loads of symbolism.  The book explores a variety of issues from Romanticism to Religion.  I doubt if readers of this book are going to pick it all out with a single reading.  I didn't.  I wonder if the readers will care about that, or will just do as I did, and focus on how original the material all is.  Even not knowing what was going on at times, I was drawn in by the story's hypnotic hold it had on me.  I was riveted by the artistic use of words, similes and metaphors conjugated together to form an often confusing, yet always captivating story, or even a poem if you like.  This book is more of a feeling than a story, and even though the book becomes a bit more structured as it progresses, it never loses its dreamlike war on words that keeps you locked it its trance.Even though I am giving "Portrait" a perfect rating, I don't think it is one of the greatest novels of all time.  I wished I could have got just a bit more out of it.  Possibly my view could change if I would just examine deeper into it.  I doubt it thought.  Like all enthralling dreams, one can't look too deep, but rather is mesmerized by the whole experience.Grade: A
I have been reading numerous (6-7 ) dating books these days because I am back out dating after quite some years, and , although I got something useful from every one, this is the best of the bunch.  I agree with Maria that we are better off without tricks and manipulations , which are often offered in other books.  I have been really psyched and inspired by this book, there is a lot of enlightenment and intelligence behind it, and she spices it up with interesting exercises for the mind, so we may change our old patterned thinking.  What I also LOVE about this book is that the advice is helpful in all areas of life .  This level of maturity and coaching is impressive from a somewhat young author.  High Marks !
I bought this book when it first was released. After reading it, I bought about 20 copies to give to friends for Christmas. It is a great book. Without giving away the true story, it is about the hard life of a man, told by himself as though you are sitting at his knee as a grandchild. This is a story of a 'ordinary man' who thought of himself as such; but he was really a hero of his generation, and actually LIVED history.
This was my first Theroux novel and I'm already hooked.  Theroux's  descriptions of the fascinating people he encounters on the trip--from  prostitutes to statesmen--are truly captivating.  Even better are his vivid  descriptions of the incredible scenery he takes in on his trip from London  to the Far East.  Be forewarned: once you read this book you will be  tempted to quit your job, grab a backpack, and head for rails.  If you  enjoy the likes of Bill Bryson and Tim Cahill, you will certainly enjoy  this novel.
If you want to read a book, that is excellently written, by a quality writer, this is the book for you. If you want to feel the disparity between people of means and those whom have nothing, you must read this book. It is human, intelligent, both sides are presented so very well, it is heart wrenching, heart breaking, and at the same time heart warming. For any one that is interested in the life of the Mexican illegal couple and what they have to go through to make a "living," and the absolute hypocrisy of a "liberal" who lives in the hills, and when threatened becomes a great American offender!!! It is a highly recommended book...it is not easy to go through, as it is hard to look at the suffering and the bigotry...but it is a must read for our times!
It's the First time I've been able to review this book and I'd give it more than five stars if I could. This is my second time reading Outlander with more than 10 years between the two readings. Although I knew what would happen, still the story wove her magic around me once again and I was transported with Claire back to the Highlands of Scotland in the 1700's. I resonate with the story of James Fraser and Claire Beauchamp. I love the descriptions of the time as they are done skillfully and are not tedious and numbing as some authors are want to do. Once described she trusts the reader knows of what she speaks and does not describe it again, leaving your imagination to fill in any blanks. The story is not a typical love story and is fraught with danger, and intrigue. Claire is a woman out of time physically and literally but yet she manages to make it work in both times. James is a sweet, heroic, gentle man-given his time-and I wish there were still men of his character today but if they are available perhaps they hide in the wilds of the highlands. Find yourself in love with the adventures of Jamie and Claire as they ride through the Highlands, England, and France. I will go on to finish the series for the second time, this time not in paper but digitally. Sigh.....can't wait!
For the reader with a basic knowledge of the definition of tangent space on a manifold (chapter zero) this book is excellent. I find it one of the true masterpieces of pedagogy among the books I've read. It's a clear exposition of differential geometry from the mathematical standpoint. I think it goes well with hirsch's differential topology and it's always good to get a second perspective on Diff.G from the physics point of view, like Weinberg's Gravitation and Cosmology.
For some reason during my life, in particular before I was 30 years old, I had this insane notion that classic books were dull.  Insane.  Classics are classics because they are anything but dull, because they are timeless stories that will resonate with any generation, any age.  I am sure that I got much more out of, and understood much more about East of Eden reading it as an adult with some years and life experiences behind me.There are things that Steinbeck wrote about, characterizations that he fulfills with master strokes, that give me the chills.  I certainly couldn't imagine reading this stuff back in the 1950's, some of it was shocking I am sure.  Cathy's character is as close to the epitome of evil as you could come to.Highly recommended for anyone who loves a good story and loves to read.  Along with Gaddis' J R, and Pynchon' s Gravity's Rainbow, it is one of the Great American Novels.  Look no further.
Jim Dixon is an underdog who can't seem to catch a break, but the title of the book is spot on. This is a classic crafted in the best sense of the word. It made Amis' career and it is still a wonderful read today. Language, plot, characterization -- it is a study in craftsmanship.
Burton by Byron Farwell is the fourth biography of Sir Richard Francis Burton that I have read -- I might have a little bit of an obsession. But, in my defense, since I want to BE him, it is necessary to do the research. Burton was a giant among the several 19th century explorers of Africa and the Middle East, a brilliant linguist and a prolific (if prolix) geographer and scientist.As emphasized by Farwell, Burton is most fascinating in his complexity, in the numerous conflicts that comprised his character. Burton longed to suffer the fevers and hardship associated with an overland caravan, but he could not tolerate (without copious complaints) the minor inconveniences of more civilized travel. Throughout his life, he remained loyal to Queen and Country, while at the same time confrontationally challenging the policies and patients of his supervisors in the Foreign Office. A student of all religions but practitioner of none, he married a woman for whom her God was everything. Burton vigorously sought fame and fortune through his actions and endeavors, but he could never come up with a consistent plan -- instead, he favored get-rich-quick schemes. Eventually, he was knighted and struck it big with his publication of A Thousand Nights and a Night, and then... he died.Of the Burton biographies that I have studied, Farwell's treatment has certain advantages for the amateur Burtonologist. The prose is well written, fast paced and insightful. The details are ably researched and the author comes off as an unbiased admirer without an agenda beyond trying to understand the Man. Other volumes on Burton, while more dense and scholarly, tend to be a bit more slanted.
This book proves, once more, what a writer Mr Grisham is. Far away from the lawyer thing, this book is a very curious and funny side of the impossibility of simply changing plans when this concerns to the familiar and the community life. Incredibly wrong about the possibility of skipping the Christmas "obligations" the Krank's family provides us with a hilarious adventure.
This novel satirizes the media-hype connected with over-night stars (especially those who "survive" horrible disasters).  It is apropos of Palahniuk, though not as gory or obscene as some of his books.  This would be a good introductory novel to Palahniuk and the idea of minimalism.
I found this book (hard cover ~ tells when I first read it) at a book store after returning from a European &#34;Best of Ireland & Scotland&#34; trip with my daughter & mom.  I recognized so many of the locations that were in the book.  The characters are real, the twists are exciting, and the history very accurate.  Since I had just visited the fields of Culloden, it really made what I seen more 'real'.  I shared the book with my mother; who shared it with so many friends it was lost in passing.... so, I purchased my second copy (paperback). I now have it on my kindle & ipod.  I'm one of those people that likes to re-read the past books in a series before starting in on the lastest one out.
Couldn't out it down. It's fun to connect to history the way the story takes you back through a love story.  Can't wait to read the next book!
Another well written mystery story, from beginning to end, great characters, almost hate it when end of book arrives..hope for more in this series
Wow!  I wish there were more stars so I could give this series at least 6!A friend of mine recommended this book and I was a little leery about reading it at first due to the time travel component (sounded weird and I've never been a scifi fan), but finally decided to read it because my friend spoke so highly of it and our tastes are very similar.I've never written a book review before, but feel compelled to comment on this one.  Outlander is an intoxicating combination of historical action/adventure fiction, time travel and romance.  There are lots of plot twists, as much action as a James Bond movie and as many characters as a Dickens novel.  The characters are so vividly drawn that you feel you know them as intimate friends by the end of the book/series.  The historical details are fascinating and life in 18th century Scotland is described in such exquisite detail that you feel as if you have visited Scotland.However, be warned.  These books are highly addictive!  If you read this, you will be compelled to read the rest of the books in this series (to date, dragonfly in amber, voyager, drums of autumn, fiery cross, and breath of snow and ashes).  I read all six of the series in six weeks (6000+ pages / 3 million words).  My husband says I became obsessed with the books and read them to the exclusion of everything else including housework, friends, family and him.  It became so bad that by the time I was nearing the end of the last book, (breath of snow and ashes), he was threatening to leave me unless I gave up reading.Jamie Fraser is hero with whom no living man can compare.  He is at once a fierce, courageous, protective warrior and yet a passionate, tender, sentimental and sensitive husband with a very engaging sense of humor to boot and you just can't get enough of him and his fiesty,bold, smart wife Claire.  Jamie's love for Claire is so selflesss and unconditional that it is at times heartbreaking.  I found the scene where he takes Claire back to the standing stones (thinking that she wants to return to her own time and that it's not safe for her to remain in the 17th century) so touching that I cried.  He explains later that he prayed all the way up that hill; not for her to stay, because that wouldn't have been right.  Instead, He prayed for the strength not to fall on his knees and beg her to stay.Even my husband enjoys the book.  He hasn't finished Outlander yet, but is already talking about reading some of the others. Although the ending of Outlander is disburbing and upsetting, it does not diminsh the book in any wary --rather it adds to it. I've come to realize that the plot twists at the end of her books are a technique of Diana's--just when you think everyhing is fine and we're going to have a happily ever after, Diana pulls the rug out from under your feet and the characters experience some (often life threatening) disaster which they must surmount; sometimes it's more than one disaster in succession.  It keeps you excitedly turning pages up to the very last page.  I find Outlander the best of the series, then Voyager and then Breath of Snow and Ashes, although each one is a very good novel capable of standing on its own; none of them disappoint.It is an insult to Diana Gabaldon to classify this as a "romance" novel just because it does have some romance in it among the other plot themes.  I think historical/action adventure would be more accurate.  It is so much more than others of the romance genre.  I'm afraid she has ruined me for other authors.  I picked up a couple of other novels to read while I'm waiting for Diana's next installment in the series (due in 2-3 years) and nothing else quite compares.Write faster, Diana!  Write Faster!
This book and its follow up have both been re-issued this year; well timed but I don't think it's coincidental. There has been a lot of recent interest in Pearl Harbor, and as night follows day, that means historians are going to be revisiting the tragedy. Conspiracy theories started on the day after Pearl Harbor and they're still with us.Two of the conspiracy theory groups are &quot;Roosevelt revisionists&quot; and the &quot;intelligence/codes/secrets&quot; school of thought. The first set focus less on military operations but moreso on FDR. THE NEW DEALERS WAR being a recently released case in point. While the substantive work may be a legitimate reinterprative biography that looks at FDR's performance as president, these authors invariably see complicity on his part in either deliberately provoking Japan, or witholding information. Information is the link with the second group who say intelligence information, specifically the withholding of it from key people, is the source of the tragedy. DAY OF DECEIT is a recent example.All this is necessary preamble to AT DAWN WE SLEPT because this book is as thorough with its research as any other, and long ago tackled and then disproved, not just these, but all other conspiracy theories. This book, originally published in 1981, can only be re-issued not updated as Gordon Prange died in the 1980's. The fact that newly declassified intelligence intercepts have been made available does not affect the soundness of the books argument and its only a pity that Prange is not around to give his interpretation.One of the main points of this book is that the conspiracy theories, by focusing on American sources of the tragedy, totally discount and diminish the role of the Japanese, and this book clearly shows what an error that is. Mr Prange argues that the Japanese were too headstrong to be manipulated and used as would be required in such an eloborate conspiracy. Furthermore the idea for the attack on Pearl Harbor originated with Adm. Yamamoto. Perhaps most damaging to a conspiracy is Prange's conclusion that even if intelligence messages had been acted on by us, and the Japanese had lost the element of surprise, they would have fought through the resistance, absorbed losses, and pressed home the attack. He convincingly argues that they anticipated losses.  Prange knows this because his is one of the few books to have relied heavily on interviews with many of the surviving Japanese participants.The arguments and analysis in this book are sound; other books may be more entertaining and better written but few are as thorough.
This book is as relevant today as it was when written in 1991. Its author was an on-the-ground observer as Yugoslavia was deconstructing as a nation and as the Balkans were once again building to war.Brian Hall tells generally how old ethnic/religious antagonisms can smolder - and specifically how some of the small daily differences between groups make the kindling that eventually gets the fire going. This combination of the general and the mundane are what caused the most recent Balkan conflict, and are probably what ignite most wars. Halls writes, "I felt, as the groups polarized day-by-day, that I was watching a chemical reaction, a precipitation of hatreds resulting from interactions on a molecular level, too tiny to be visible or analyzable, but inevitable and irreversible."One general pre-condition that favored the war in what was then Yugoslavia was the way in which rights and government representation were granted on the basis of nationality rather than on a principle of the inalienable, equal rights of all human beings (as developed in our own Declaration of Independence and Constitution). Those Balkan ethnic groups without a "high historical culture" to point to, often got the short end of the stick. Ethnic heritage - whether Serb, Croat, or Muslim - became a group's defining quality and branded the groups separately. There was no overarching word to encompass and include all groups - as the word "German" embraced and eventually melded both German Catholics and Protestants into a sort of unity after the 30-years-War.On the more specific level, Hall points out how old massacres were constantly being re-hashed in people's daily conversations. But specific cultural habits also made moats between groups. The sequestered life demanded of Muslim women often led to misunderstandings between cultures. But very minute cultural differences would also cause comment and become the basis for one group's disdain of another group. For example, in Croatia it was considered very bad-manners to take a doggie bag home from a restaurant. In Slovenia, that saving was acceptable.All the groups suffered under the Communist regime - with toxic lead build-ups in the vegetables grown on public lands - with shortages - with frustrations of all kinds. But each group translated those sufferings into their own language and suffered them singularly.This book could really have used an index. And Hall could have explained some of his terms better, such as who exactly constituted the "Partisans" he frequently mentions as having played such an important role in the region historically.Overall though, this is an excellent, well-written book - more relevant than ever.
Interesting theory on the financial markets.  I believe Peter Atwater might be on the right track.  Why?  David Hirshleifer and Tyler Shumway have found that stock market returns are strongly correlated to sunshine exposure in the location where trading is about to occur.  This has proven true in over 20 markets around the world.Here is an extract from their research:"Psychological evidence and casual intuition predict that sunny weather is associated with upbeat mood. This paper examines the relation between whether a day is sunny and stock returns that day at 26 stock exchanges internationally from 1982-97. We find that sunshine is highly significantly correlated with daily stock returns. After controlling for sunshine, other weather conditions such as rain and snow are unrelated to returns. While the weather effect does not represent a riskfree arbitrage opportunity, it is possible to improve the Sharpe ratio of the market portfolio, though somewhat modestly, by trading on the weather, even when there are transactions costs. These results are difficult to reconcile with fully rational price-setting."The key point being that mood affects market prices.  This is Peter Atwater's point in this book.George Soros would probably modify this theory by adding a feedback loop.  In other words:  Mood affect prices which in turn affects the mood of other participants.  If Soros feedback modification is correct, then that fact would explain why it is so difficult to find useful indicators for sociology based economics.I suspect sociology based economics will continue to gain adherents over time because the current economic models have major defects.  (Read Debunking Economics by Steve Keen).Peter Atwater has done students of market sociology a favor by writing this book.  Here are my key points from the book:- Confidence is synonymous for future expectations.- Confidence is similar to emotions yet it different in a key aspect.  You can be confidently sad or in other words you can be confident about poor future prospects.- When confidence is low people narrow their physical, time and relationship horizons.  When confidence is high people expand the physical, time and relationship horizons.- How and why mood affects decision making.- How and why mood is contagious in fields where contagion would not be expected.Debunking Economics - Revised and Expanded Edition: The Naked Emperor Dethroned?
This is a great book and well worth the money spent.I am using it for online classes through CTU online.It helped me earn a A in my first class.Stated new and it was just that and received sooner than stated.
"The Man Who was Thursday" bears a very intriguing premise - that of a police officer secretly infiltrating the Central Anarchist Council in order to undo their chaos.  It is unlike much of what G.K. Chesterton was famous for writing, yet his Christian beliefs manage to shine through this enigmatic piece.  One must pay close attention to the subtitle, "A Nightmare" as well as the opening poem that serves as dedication to the book.  Yet even with all that, it is easy to get lost in this winding and increasingly confusing little story.Seven members make up the Council, all named for days of the week, with Sunday being the leader.  Sunday is a great mass of a man, beautiful and frightening at the same time.  The members meet in open (for no one will believe them to be anarchists if they discuss their plans in the open) and plan various dastardly deeds, most currently a scheme to drop a bomb on the Marquis in Paris.  Into this council, Gregory Syme is elected in a rather uproarious way.  While having a dispute with an acutal anarchist, he is taken to the secret headquarters and undermines the authority of his newfound commrade, causing the rest of the party to elect him as the new Thursday.  Therefore, a member of Scotland Yard has accidentally infiltrated the Council, but he cannot tell anyone he is a detective.  As Syme finds himself genuinely afraid at being found out and being pursued rather closely and oddly by the most elderly member of the Council, he quickly learns that he is not the only detective among them.  In fact, it seems like there are fewer anarchists than there are detectives, which sets all of the "days of the week" on a wild goose chase to try to figure out what it all means and who or what is controlling or impelling them to action.If that sounds confusing, believe me, it can be.  Chesterton's prose is witty and his descriptions are downright poetic, but the plotting is definitely bizarre.  Keeping in mind the subtitle will help the reader appreciate an ending that seems anticlimactic and rushed.  In spite of that, Chesterton manages to weave a great deal of commentary and perhaps even some autobiographical details into this strange escapade.  Make sure you can devote your entire attention to this work because otherwise you will miss just exactly what the author was saying.
I stayed up late reading this novel and thought it was a terrific read.You may feel a bit taxed at first. As other reviewers have mentioned, the book starts slow, but then really picks up as the plot gets impossibly complicated. The ending is clearly a parody of the endings of deux-ex-machina Victorian novels.Perhaps this factoid will shed some light on Lodge's inspiration for the novel ... One of Lodge's favorite writers is Henry Green, who wrote one of the great factory novels of the 20th Century, Living. Green and Lodge both worked in Birmingham, and Lodge himself says the fictional town of Rummidge is located on the map exactly where Birmingham is. With the parodies of 19th Century novels, and this inspirational aspect of Living, there's a lot of referencing going on and I'm probably not the only reader who couldn't keep up.Where the book stumbles, that is, falls just this short of being an all-time classic, is Lodge's handling of the factory half of the novel. Part of the problem is Lodge handles the academic scenes with ease and authority, knowing exactly what's important and exactly what's not. Not so with the factory. Lodge's narrator comes across as a reporter, that is, not from lived experience (his filtering the factory through Robyn Penrose was perhaps necessary but tipped the balance of the book in favor of academia) and perhaps that's why the novel moves so slowly in the early going. Lodge didn't quite have the same level of confidence as he does with his rendering of academic life (or Green does with factory life), it seems to me.A second quibble seems the affair between the two main characters. The plot seems forced at times and the closure twenty times as forced ... but this criticism runs into the intertextuality issue I mentioned above.Perhaps I'm showing my own biases in this review ... I would've preferred to see the values of the business world set in equal play with the values of the academic world and seem where things ended up ... but Lodge may have had nothing of the sort in mind when he wrote the novel.
This is a great book.  I like metal work and welding AND I like riding.  This book has great ideas for extending both.
bought this book cause my professor recommended it. never read it. I played guitar instead.
It took me a very long time to read this book ... certainly not an easy read.But it's not because it's difficult to read that it is necessarily bad.I have somewhat mixed feelings about this book.There are lots of ideas presented : how to develop custom indicators, how to use Fibonacci, Gann, Elliott, and the use of the Composite Index + RSIHer work on indicators is interesting ... she explains how to create your own indicators using examples : this will work here, but will lag here, etc ... it's interesting, but doesn't offer much help...However, the chapters on the RSI ranges (an indicator that I have learned to use reading this book), the divergences, the Positive/Negative Reversals and the Composite Index are very good. It should be noted that the Composite Index formula has been released in another book : Breakthroughs in Technical Analysis: New Thinking from the World's Top Minds (Bloomberg Financial) - you can also find it free on the web. This work may not be hers, but those chapters are very good : I have added those indicators to my charts.The rest is average ... on Fibonacci you'd better buy her book specifically dedicated to the subject ; the chapter on Elliott Wave was supposed to be the gem of this book (it was also the main reason why I purchased it), but I was disappointed : there are 60 pages of talking, without clear guidelines or rules ... it is completely disorganized  ... there are good advice (a flat is a diver for example !), but it is so painful to read and to follow that it ruins the whole chapter.Other interesting chapters include cycles, trendlines (I've never seen anything like that before), indicators on indicators ...There's also a chapter on Gann ... but can't understand why it is included, except maybe to create frustration : throughout the book she stresses that it is the method she favors above all other methods. She explains everything in great details, and finishes by writing that you can not use it because some conversion factors are needed... and you won't never find those conversion factors.So, should you buy it or not ?I think the info on the RSI + Composite Index (now that the formula is released) is good and can be used to improve profits.The chapter on Elliott must be read several times to really find the jewels .... it can be done if you're motivated, have time and dedicationThe rest can be easily forgotten, imho.So four stars !Without the Composite Index formula, I think I would not have been so generous because you need it for your RSI and Elliott analysis.
"Growing Up With Chico" seemed to start out as a response to Groucho Marx's harsh criticisms about his eldest brother published in "The Marx Brothers Scrapbook."  This book was published three years following Groucho's death.  In the prologue, Maxine Marx described a brief moment alone with Uncle Groucho at his pool during which she confronted him about the derogatory remarks published in the book.  In the early chapters, Groucho is compared unfavorably to her father, Chico.  Chico was the blue-eyed, optimistic free spirit who always owned his mother's favoritism.  Groucho was dark and dour and resented how much more easily Chico received unconditional love (pg. 2).  Chico did not have the "coldness" of his brothers and his upbeat personality convinced others in the show business field to believe in his brothers' act and propelled them to super stardom (pp. 2, 35, 51, 85-7).  At times, Maxine reversed the comparison, admitting that Groucho was the better family man and conducted himself more appropriately at times, for example, during her grandmother's (on her mother's side) funeral (pp. 54, 123).  The compliments about Groucho, though, were peppered with the negative: he was a good family man but verbally abusive to his wife Ruth, warm towards children but caustic towards adolescents and adults, etc (pp. 157, 36).  In contrast, Chico was painted as a man with many faults and weaknesses, but his devoted daughter made sure to include with the negative the happiness and optimism he also exhibited.Maxine's account was not just a comparison between Groucho and Chico, of course, and, to be fair, none of the Marx Brothers (save for Gummo of whom little is written) came out unscathed in this book.  Maxine Marx described Chico's early years-living away from home by his mid-teens for a life of gambling--and how he met her mother Betty Karp.  Born in 1918, Maxine was very young during the latter half of the Brother's vaudeville days and their transition to Broadway.  Her early life was often spent accompanying her parents on the road during the Marx's tours.  In covering the time during the Brother's classic films, Maxine mostly included stories either of those she witnessed or others of which she was told.  As a reader, it is difficult to decide how good of a father Chico was.  He was loving and devoted to his daughter; however, many of the endearing memories she shares about her father are shown to be for his selfish aims.  He would shower is family with gifts often as an apology for gambling and womanizing escapades.  During at least a couple of the many separations from his wife, Chico would ask his daughter to beg him to return so he could reunite with his wife for Maxine's sake and thus not need to apologize for another of his indiscretions (pp. 49, 59, 110). Maxine Marx did not sugarcoat her father's misdeeds, either.  His womanizing was unrelenting and eventually included advances towards his daughter's friend at their own home (pg. 142).  His gambling was so compulsive he would collect his brothers' salaries at the box office or forge their names on checks for gambling money (pg. 100).  His brothers actually garnered some of Chico's pay to keep in a security for his wife and daughter.The book also included a lot of gossip and name-dropping (i.e. John Gilbert, Judy Garland, Spencer Tracy, Clark Gable, Norma Shearer, Ray Milland, Robert Preston, Barbara Stanwyck, etc.).  The latter part of the book described the author's struggle to become an actress but she does not gravitate too far from the subject about whom her audience wants to read.  I agree with another reviewer that Maxine Marx was too close to her subject to give a complete, impartial account, but she did not spare the ugly details and kept a good sense of humor as well.  For example, in a photo of Maxine and her parents at her sweet 16 party, she noted in the caption that Chico looked "pensive--probably thinking about the bridge game that got away."  It is 177 pages with a middle section of black & white glossy photos.  The book concluded very abruptly with Chico's funeral which was 19 years before the book was published.  She moved to the East Coast and apparently did not have much contact with her father towards the end of his life.  A little more information post-1961 on the Brothers lives (besides the brief prologue at Groucho's pool) and Chico's legacy would have been welcomed.  Still, it is the only account focused solely on Chico and thus is recommended to any fan of The Marx Brothers.  Maxine Marx died of natural causes on September 14, 2009 at the age of 91.
This book is pretty much the best. Everyone I've talked to who has read it loves it. I loved it. I still remember many favorite parts, though I read it years and years ago.The story revolves around Steinbeck's travels through America in his truck and camper with his poodle, Charley. Charley says "pffft" a lot. Steinbeck is honest, funny, and easy to travel with as he drives around, experiences the country, and thinks up ingenious solutions to little problems (traveling laundry, anyone?).Steinbeck is one of my favorite authors but I'm sure you don't have to be a fan to enjoy this book. The writing carries you along and unlike most of his stories the overall feeling of this one is uplifting. If you are looking for a book to gift, this is a good bet. Also paints a portrait of America at a certain time in history. Good for teens, adults, grandparents, anyone who likes dogs, traveling, camping, history, laundry...just plain good!
This is a short story collection containing five stories: The Healer, The Stagman, Touk's House, Buttercups, and A Knot in the Grain. The first four stories are set in McKinley's Damar universe, the first three even feature Luthe. The last is a departure for her because it is set in modern times and doesn't have a very large fantasy element.The Healer, is the story of a girl named Lilly who has the power to heal but is also mute. She meets a mage who can hear her telepathically and they set off on a journey to restore Lilly's speech. This is a fairly strong story and a great pick to start the book with. The characters are fleshed out well and the love story was enjoyable.The Stagman, is about a princess named Ruen who is left, by her greedy uncle, as a sacrifice to a human/stag hybrid. Is the Stagman really as bad as people think he is? This is probably my favorite story in the collection. I liked all the characters and the plot was very interesting. It would have worked much better as a novel though. By the time the story was over there were still far to many unanswered questions.Touk's House, is the story of a girl named Erana who was raised by a witch. As she grows up, she befriends and eventually falls in love with the witch's troll son. This is a fairly decent story. The plot is really interesting but it would have been much better if the characters had been developed a bit more.Buttercups, is the story of a old farmer named Pos who marries a young girl named Coral. Pos loves his wife very much but has doubts about her affection for him because she spends too much time on buttercup hill. This is a cute story but it's, unfortunately, very boring.A Knot in the Grain, is about a teenage girl named Annabelle who is forced to move away and leave behind her entire life. She finds little comfort in her new house but one day she discovers a secret compartment in her new bedroom. It was a great idea to make this the last in the collection because the tone is very different from the others. It's not a love story and it's not even really a fantasy story. What makes this story special is how authentic Annabelle's character is. McKinley captures the emotion that goes along with moving to a new place very well.I'd recommend this book to people who are already fans of McKinley's work. You don't really need to be familiar with the Damar series to enjoy the stories but it certainly helps. I also feel that McKinley is better suited to longer stories. If you are looking to get into McKinley's work it'd be a good idea to start with Beauty or one of the Damar books.
I'm glad I read this book and gained insight on what many immigrants, not just Chinese, must go through. Leaving family, in many cases spouses and children, in their home country while the man sets out to try for success in a "better" country. I've known that many immigrant men will take a 2nd wife in their foreign county but this true story tells the nitty gritty from a child's perspective. Many lives were harmed, in fact almost all of them, when a family is split. Every member thinks the other ones have it better than they do.Chinese have been doing this for many generations, they are the merchant wanderers of the world, whether in the Philipines or Vancouver or New York. They have the same adventurous spirit as Vikings without the rape and pillage. Family life is sacrificed but when you examine the alternative it's clear that leaving China was the right decision because of what happened during Mao's reign.The writer is not going to win prizes for her writing, it is the telling of her story but not story-telling. A great movie could be made because the ending is a happy one for the concubine's child of this book. She didn't realize her ending was happy until she went to China for the first time to find her lost sister and brother. Not many have this opportunity, to see what their life could have been like if only...
I was a little hesitant about starting LITTOC because I'd never read Gabriel Garc&iacute;a M&aacute;rquez before. I didn't know what to expect when started reading, but I was pleasantly surprised by his quirky characters. What reeled me in from the beginning is the fact that it's not your normal everyday love story.
This is the third of the Bernard Samson trilogy set in London, Berlin, Mexico and East Germany. I think that Mr. Deighton possibly felt that the first of the series was meant as a solo effort. Perhaps not. Both Berlin Game and Mexico Set stand on their own and could have been solo efforts; London Match is possibly the weaker of the three, but leaves us with that gritty taste in our mouths that recalls the anti-Bond stories of Harry Palmer, Bernard and the others.The office wit characterized by working with management types unfamiliar with the &quot;field&quot; is not uncommon to many of us who spent time in the military or big corporations. We toil for those who have never experienced what they ask us to do. Hence Dickie Cruyer and Bret Rennselear. Of course for most all of us the result of the inequity of working for management is several antacid tablets; Bernard is quick to point out for him it may be death.Len Deighton writes wonderful stories about the Cold War a long time ago. Or was it? 5 stars. Larry Scantlebury
Mark Doty amazes again.  His latest collection of poems collectively titled SOURCE is just that: he takes us to the source of experience whether from the visual, the memory, the tactile, the visceral.  Doty's poems touch so many subjects they can be seen as preludes to stories, but then since they are poems, they are distillations of stories or thoughts or feelings, and extending beyond the poem form might alter their r beauty.  Doty's ability to create visual images in a few terse words is astonishing.  After reading STILL LIFE WITH OYSTERS AND LEMON  it is not surprising that he has the ability to observe and communicate art probably better than anyone writing today.  He has a distinctive voice tat is becoming as universally accessible as Sandberg.  This is a collection of diverse poems that are here to savour until he graces us with another book.
Great fantasy/romance series! Have read this book numerous times and it is great every time I open it. Would easily recommend this book to anyone.
What a strange, subtly unnerving book this is. Trying to describe the plot of We Have Always Lived in the Castle is challenging, partially because not much truly "happens" in the book, but mostly because so much of what makes the book effective and powerful comes from the method of the storytelling. As narrated by a young girl affectionately known as Merricat - whose 18 years don't often come through in her voice - Castle is the tale of the Blackwoods, a rich family who suffered a massive tragedy many years ago. Now, all that remain of the family are Merricat, her older sister Constance, and their Uncle Julian, who has never been the same since...well, that's to be discovered. What matters is that the surviving Blackwoods are figures of unease, hatred, scorn, and even terror in the village near their manor, and although Merricat is outwardly charming and girlish, her dark, even murderous thoughts make you realize that there are some truly unsettling undercurrents to be found in the Blackwood house, even as the family itself is one ruled by love and kindness toward each other. We Have Always Lived in the Castle is a novel about isolation, in some ways (imagine any small town novel with the creepy outcast, only imagine that the book is told from the outcast's perspective), but it's also a strangely unsettling tale, made all the more so because it's difficult to put your finger on what, exactly, makes the book so unnerving. Much as in The Haunting of Hill House, Jackson tells her tale through implications and oblique characters, but the impact here is incredible; for such a seemingly simple tale, Castle has left me thinking and analyzing it in some great depth as I think on it. If all you know of Jackson is The Lottery and Hill House, you have to check this one out; on the other hand, if you just want an unsettling character study and a fascinating immersion into a deeply damaged family, this one should be near the top of your list.
Classic story of two nomadic laborers who's goal is to own their own farm.  The book is set in Depression Era California where Steinbeck grew up.  George is the brains while Lennie is the brawn. Each makes up for the other's weaknesses.  Steinbeck shows the unselfishness of George as he takes it upon himself to care for Lennie, mainly to keep him out of trouble.  Unfortunately, Lennie finds trouble which leads to the death of a young girl.  It is at this point George must decide whether to protect Lennie as he always does or cut his losses.  Excellent story, a well written classic.
As I read this book, I balanced between mentally shouting at Ray to do the right thing and thinking of what I might do under the same circumstances.  While I watched Ray work his way through a maze of figuring out who to trust and turn to, I thought of many alternatives to his choices.  The book contains some elements of family history that could have been explored more fully.  There is also some unfinished business, but I cannot envision an interesting sequel.  Grisham gives us a platform to vicariously live out a dream of unexpected wealth, while building to a quasi-resolution that seems obvious once revealed.  I enjoyed the book, but it will go quickly.  I want more of a challenge from the next novel.
This is a historical novel following Attilius, an engineer who is new to his position and must discover why the waters have stopped flowing to Roman cities near Mount Vesuvius. As he investigates and attempts to repair the problem, he realizes that while nature is conspiring against humanity (with the pending eruption), there are a series of corrupt deals that have led Rome to be blind to the signs of the impending destruction.I enjoyed the historical details--so many references to wealthy Romans lounging in luxury while their slaves tend everything; references to the strange practices of the time; references to Pliny's last days (Pliny is a character in the novel), and political intrigue not dissimilar to some of what we experience today. Just like today, there are few honest men. Attilius is one of them, and in a culture run by money, corruption, and political connections, his honesty is a liability. The details--at once foreign and familiar--made the story for me.The plot picked up as the volcano got closer to erupting (and then continued to do so), though I found the story could have moved faster at times. I also would have liked just a bit more imagery and details from the time period. I was relying on television shows and visits to museums to fuel my mental imagery. Still, it's a great read for those interested in the history of Rome and ancient Roman culture.
My kids love this book!  It can be used to teach the concept of equal...counting the peddler's hats and matching them to the number of monkeys.  "Hurry and turn the page!"
As good as usually . A perfect consultation guide and with well elaborated chapters . A very good up-to-date for the specialist ( as me ) and the general practitioner .
Europe's Financial Crisis is a fairly short survey of Europe's present financial crisis with an eye toward the effect of this crisis on the rest of the world. This crisis is part financial, and part political and takes place on the world stage, not just Europe so the author must cover a lot of material, which I think he manages to do well. I learned a lot about financial concepts such as Forex trading, and the the various responses to the crisis put forward by the financial institutions of Europe, the USA, China and many other countries. I found the passages on financial topics to be the most difficult of the book but I was able to understand them, and this comes from a person who knows little or nothing about  finance. It is very difficult to get the history of an event 100 percent correct, and this is made all the more difficult if the event is still unfolding, but I feel, nevertheless, that I have come away from reading this book with a much better comprehension of this difficult subject. I also feel that I will be able to understand future news articles that will, inevitably, be written about this event as it unfolds. I think is this fact alone is a good reason to read this book.
This was one book I always read with my students every year.  I was so happy to rediscover it because it has so many timeless values that need to be read over and over.  Now I am dealing with bereaving families and there are many quotes that are very apt for sharing with them.
This book basically gives you the best of various diet plans.  Some of the tips give suggestions for healthy snacks, and others just give common sense ideas for losing weight.  It's the type book you pick up and start reading anytime, anywhere...just pick a page, and you'll get some good ideas.  I actually enjoyed it enough to buy a second copy - for a friend who is also health conscious. This is one I would highly recommend for anyone seriously considering trying to lose weight!
I have been working through the &#34;Sharpe&#34; novels as I am interested in military history and having been to Portugal I know some of the territory he is writing  about.  He paints a good picture and the history is part of the novel.  I also like his comments at the end about the actual history.
Love when Amazon offers a great writer/good book for $1.99. Easier than getting to library to find this older book, and how wonderful to have any of Ruth Rendell's books on your kindle - whatever name she happens to be writing under at the time. Kindle Users: Don't miss this bargain today, Aug 27, 2012!  Here is passage I enjoyed, but the writing is superior throughout the book...this is just to tempt you: "I don't know what dust is, what is it, that fine gray powdery stuff? It's not something you ever see anywhere else. I mean, it's not crumbs or hair or fluff, it's not lint off your clothes or fur off animals, it's not ash or iron fillings or wood shavings. It's dust and it's made of nothing and comes from nowhere to cover everything."
How can anyone fail to read this book? The exposition is rigorous, coherent, precise without being either pedantic or overwhelming. A certain level of mathematical maturity is requisite, such as one might acquire in the course of digesting Rudin's &quot;Principles of Mathematical Analysis&quot; or Apostol's book. This is not a compendium of results and exercises for engineers or physicists, it is a concise introductory text in pure mathematics. In that sense it is too abstract and proof oriented for that aforementioned audience which would be better served by a text in mathematical methods. Even pure mathematics students would benefit from supplementing this book with more detailed, computationally oriented books such as Conway or Boas. It's unrealistic to expect to find everything in one text and to further expect it to remain cogent and approachable. Ahlfor's beautiful little book has justifiably remained a classic for four decades.
Shawn Hayashi has done a great job of capturing the essence of communication with this readable and practical book on behavior styles, motivators and Emotional Intelligence.  Love the real world examples that are immediately applicable. This is a book with a long shelf life that you can refer to again and again. Don't miss it!  It's a keeper!Elizabeth Jeffries, author, The Heart of Leadership: How to Inspire, Encourage and Motivate People to Follow You
"Live Flesh" is not the usual crime mystery/thriller. It is, however, a thrilling psychological study of a rapist, Victor Jenner, who suffers from chorea, a disease of the nervous system marked by involuntary, jerky movements of the arms, legs, and/or face. Sometimes this illness is called "live flesh." Victor also has a severe phobia of tortoises, along with a multitude of other neuroses. Throughout the novel, he feels a need for psychiatric treatment, but never follows through. Typically, he blames the system for not providing him with therapy. He does understand that he has serious problems, though, and more often than not knows the difference between right and wrong. The inimitable Ruth Rendell thoroughly explores Jenner's motives, secrets, and complex emotions. She paints a chilling portrait of a man doomed by violence he cannot control. This is obviously much more a book driven by characters, and their development, than by action. The heart of "Live Flesh" lies in the complexity of Victor Jenner's personality and how he interacts with others, two characters in particular. These people are all steeped in a web of consequences stemming from one single event, a gunshot, which alters their lives forever.Victor Jenner was convicted of shooting a young police officer in the lower back and permanently crippling him. He had been holding a young woman hostage in her bedroom, after breaking and entering her home, while escaping from the scene of an attempted rape. David Fleetwood, the officer, had been trying to gain the woman's release. Victor was not tried for the attempted rape, or the numerous other acts of sexual violence he had successfully committed. The police probably had no idea he was responsible for the crimes. After ten years Jenner is released early, for good behavior. He has serious problems adjusting to life after incarceration. But then, he always had problems adjusting. His irrational thought processes cause him to blame everyone but himself for the events leading up to the shooting. Underneath, however, he feels tremendous guilt for giving in to his irresistible urges which cause so much harm to others. The author allows the reader to enter Jenner's mind, his very thoughts, throughout the novel. He constantly constructs false scenarios which absolve him of guilt. Primary among his rationalizations is that if David Fleetwood had not taunted him by saying that the gun was a fake, a replica, then he wouldn't have had to fire it in order to prove that it was real. Other rationalizations include: if the girl hadn't screamed, then he wouldn't have had to hold her hostage; and if his uncle hadn't owned a gun, which he had easy access to, he never would have had it in his possession. Victor is also firmly convinced that he is incapable of restraining himself because of the chorea, which acts up when he is stressed. He believes that his behavior is as blameless and uncontrollable as the involuntary twitching which torments him.The plot takes an unusual twist when Victor looks to meet the man he maimed, now wheelchair bound. His delusions allow him to think that, for the first time in his life, he has found true friendship. I must say that I really empathized with Victor, right up until the conclusion - which is a stunning one. His crimes are heinous, but so is the life he has to live with himself. I don't absolve him. I just feel terribly sorry for him - which is all Ms. Rendell's doing. Her characters are rich and so believable. And her narrative is spellbinding. This is a brilliant analysis and portrayal of a deranged man.JANA
I really enjoyed this book. Its something I would definitely recommend to read right before Christmas!
Great book, lots of tips and pointers you can use in your sailing adventures, from day sailing, coastal or blue water cruising.  Great book to add to your boating library.
'I haven't been able to read the book as yet, but it is in absolutely pristine condition - I could not be more pleased with my purchase!
I'm a retired physicist and bought this book so I could pick out good problems for my daughter to solve as an adjunct to her high school textbook.  It often happens that if you "get" a concept one or two problems is enough practice but when you're having trouble its nice to have many, many problems (and see the solutions) on a particular topic to work on until the concept "clicks".  This book is perfect in that regard.  I was also pleased that many of the problems go well beyond plug and pray.  Last but not least, the solutions are CORRECT (I've yet to encounter an error).The one criticism I would make is there is a tendency to have several sequential problems depend on the prior problem.  Thus, if problem 8.47 looks interesting you might find that you have to first solve 8.45 and 8.46 before attempting it.  Minor point....I also bought Schaum's 3000 Calculus problems and found it to be just as good.3,000 Solved Problems in Calculus
Wow, what can I say? This was an absolutely brilliant book and not what I expected at all. This is a totally original story, with wonderful characters and as usual first class writing. Lisa Jewell is showing the world what she is made of that's for sure!When I received the book I was looking forward to reading it and the cover with it's bright turquoise colours looked as usual very appealing. Lydia, Robyn and Dean are the glue that holds this story together along with their anonymous sperm donor father Daniel.We are introduced to each of the characters in turn and learn their current situation as well as a little of each of their pasts. The story was unhurried but not slow, it gives the reader time to get a real feel for each of these people and how their lives have been affected by being the result of a sperm donor as a father.The character Lydia was the first we meet and as we see her wealth and personal success we also see the downside to her life and the way in which she deals with the problems she faces. Lydia seems to be the catalyst for the others joining in the story and slowly we meet young Robyn who seems to have it all but knows there is something missing. Lastly we meet Dean whose life seems to be one big train wreck, and although he isn't making smart choices I loved his character.By the time you are over halfway through the book you are rooting for all of them involved as you feel like you are taking the journey that links their pasts with them. I read this book in a day and a half and though it was absolutely brilliant.It isn't your typical `chick lit' story but Lisa Jewell's brilliant writing style shines through as ever and she has an edge of humour even amongst the sadness. This certainly wasn't what I expected but I have to say it equated to so much more in my eyes. Lisa Jewell has produced a very touching story with loveable characters and has introduced an original storyline to boot.Even though this may not seem like her sort of book, trust me it's even better and well worth picking up to read, highly recommended!!!
This fine book tells the story of two young men, boys really, who are sent to the countryside for &quot;re-education&quot; during the Chinese cultural revolution.  Vivid, evocative story-telling at its best, the book is almost impossible to put down.  I read it in one sitting -- unable to stop!  I was reminded somewhat of Zola's naturalism, what with the descriptions of carrying excrement up the mountain.  And what could top the scene where the village headman demands that one of the boys perform a root canal procedure on him, because the boy's father is a dentist?  Ouch!  The description of the sewing machine/drill, and the slimy, yellow tongue of the headman was just so well done! And the end of the book -- what a surprise, and how perfect it was. I would be amazed if this writer doesn't become one of the greats!  This is novel writing at its best!
This is not only a great cookbook, it's a very educational book regarding glycemic load--what it means--why it works. Easy to understand & easy to use.
Henry is a time traveler who meets Clare during different stages of her life. Clare falls in love with Henry and they are fated for each other but can a relationship be enduring with Henry popping in and out of time?Niffenegger's novel is easier to read than I anticipated. Her pacing flows smoothly between her characters and the plot. Her time travel theory is believable and it draws the reader into the thick of the storyline. I definitely recommend this book.
Yes, they call it &#34;pirates of silicon valley&#34;. If you watched for 90 minutes the movie and where not satisfied, read the book. it will fill you in all the parts they left out. The story of Bill, Steve and Steve, creating a revolution of computing power as we know.
Tim O'Brien has a unique, "folksy" style that is very easy to read. At times, it is a little difficult to follow, using acronyms and words non-soldiers may not know. The story is compelling and vividin it's language about battle and the weird things that happened in VN. Having grown up with the war in our living room, I found a connection to the story not evident in other war novels. Great read!
Normally I try to avoid books with sex, romance and pseudo history.  I tried to avoid The Outlander even though my daughter had given it to me years ago when it first came out.  Three times I read to the point where Claire found the stones, and quit.  Just too stupid.  But finally I felt guilty because my daughter kept calling and pushing, so I started reading it.  I could not put it down, and eagerly awaited and read the rest of the series.  I loved them.That was several years ago, and when I saw this on the Kindle list I thought I would read it again.  I sat in my chair for 6 hours straight and read the whole thing.  I loved it.Later I tried to analyze why.  After all it is what I don't like, magic, sex, romance and that darned pseudo history.  Well, there is a lot of sex but it seems to fit because it seems natural.  The romance seams natural also.  The history is not pseudo...it is very accurate, and through the entire series is exactly what does happen.  Magic? well, it seems to fit too given the basic acceptance of the original premise.In short, the book flows along smoothly, seamlessly and reads so well you don't want to put it down.  If I have any complaint at all it is only that the book is completely female.  I can't imagine any man I know reading it.  But since I am female, that is fine with me.  Now of course I need to find and reread the rest of them.
This book simply did it for me. A year ago I didn't even know there was such a thing a speed reading around. As soon as I heard about it, I wanted to become a speed reader. I love reading, and I always have dozens of books around my desk I'd love to read, but it just takes so much time. So, to become a speed reader, I simply went to Amazon and entered "speed reading" in the search function. I bought this book cause of the good comments. After two weeks I red the first chapters and started to do the exercises with my hand going through the words. My reading tempo increased significantly. My speed reading skill come in very handy to read books in my free time, but also at my work when I have to read long texts.To anyone out there who is interested in speed reading: this book is highly recommended. I don't think you can do anything wrong if you just follow the author his guidelines.
I found this novel very interesting.  In interesting, I mean I couldn't wait to get back to it when I had to close its pages to do something else.  Time travel was given a fictional explanation which, as far as I'm concerned, is as lucid as any fictional theory can be. I've had college level physics and chemistry and I went for all except the pits in the glass filter walls. But then again the method used to repair these tanks might have worked, but I doubt it, as being on the outer surface, the pits would be in tension, where on the inner surface the pits would be in compression-the tension is the most critical.  Meaning, when filled with water, the force from the water's weight would be greatest on the surface. I don't think the method of repair would have stopped this.  No biggy, just thought I'd say a word or two.I got a vivid "view" of all the characters, the settings. Though this writer's style in no way is like Hemmingway, he does rate with Hemmingway in that he told a clear story with simple writing-no prissy, "tiptoeing through the tulips" writing. His research into medieval times had to have been extensive as even the tiniest detail seems to be as it should.What I hated most about this novel was when I came to the end and knew I'd rarely experience such strong entertainment again.
FAST MOVING, USUAL INTRIGUE. HUMAN SIDE OF R BOLITHO EVIDENT AGAIN.CANNOT HELP BUT WONDER HOW LOYALTY WAS OBTAINED FROM THE HARSHPRESS GANG SYSTEMA GOOD READ.
All in all, Murakami doesn't disappoint with this latest novel. He has a knack for handling the surreal and making it seem plausible, and using that to explore those feelings and moods in life that are incredibly hard to put into words. The plot carried me along, and it was hard to put the book down a few times when I had other things to attend to. The character Nakata could have really been botched as a monotonous, boring, or else sentimental character if handled by a lesser writer, but Murakami gets it just right. Kafka Tamura did seem a bit too mature for a 15 year old, however. I kept picturing him as in his early 20's despite myself. But overall the characters are convincing enough and rather memorable.There were a few rough spots, though, where the characters made Murakami's literary devices a bit too explicit, as if he doesn't quite have enough faith in his readers to get the point. Similarly, even though several of the characters are avid readers, some of the dialogue gets a bit stilted in spots--just a  shade away from being pretentious. These are of course minor flaws in an otherwise excellent work. Murakami is perhaps starting to get self-conscious about being "taken seriously" as a novelist? If so he shouldn't--he continually writes some of the most profound, freshest stuff out there.
I recommend this book to anyone engaged in a complex sales process, anyone starting a call center, and anyone looking for nuts and bolts actionable plans and materials for selling high ticket products or services in a multi-step sales process.Of particular use are the billeted summaries and graphics summarizing sections and giving action steps for implementation.While much has changed in the worlds of email, webinars and SEO, making the portions of the book on lead gen using those modalities a bit out of date and less useful, the parts of the book on lead scoring, ICP (ideal customer prospect), ULD (universal lead definition, sales ready lead identification and the coordination and collaboration f marketing and sales are tremendously valuable.
A must read so we will not forget that the civilized world swore we would not allow this to happen again.  To our shame our country turned a blind eye to Rwanda and Darfur because we have forgotten.This book is a quick read, but has a long lasting impact.
... Nobel Prize-winner Halldor Laxness abandoned his ecstatic Catholicism and became a fervent Socialist during and as a result of a visit to the United States. His mature novels all express his fierce commitment to economic and social justice, but Laxness was no "statist" of any ideological sort. He was exactly the Icelandic loner he portrayed in his greatest novel "Independent People". My guess is that if Laxness had been a Russian or an East German, instead of an Icelander, he'd have been silenced before his second novel.But what does Halldor Laxness have to do with "The Draining Lake", a crime novel, the fourth installment in the popular series starring the glum Inspector Erlandur? Well, quite a lot actually... Every Icelandic author writes in the shadow of Laxness, even Arnaldur Indridason, whose books current outsell the master's by at least a hundred to one. In fact, Laxness makes an explicit appearance, a 'walk-on' in the meditation-memories of Tom&aacute;s, the idealistic young Icelandic socialist whose studies in communist East Germany in the 1950s are somehow enmeshed in the 'disappearance mystery' Erlandur is compelled to investigate. Tom&aacute;s remembers his own emotion at finding himself standing under the statue of Bach in Leipzig, exactly where Laxness had stood before.The Draining Lake is an entertainment first and foremost, the sort of crime novel that holds the reader entranced with clues and false clues up to the final chapter. But it's also a moral tale about idealism and the survival of such ideals even after the most heinous possible betrayal. Inspector Erlandur, with his weary guilt-ridden honesty, is not the central figure of this installment; Tom&aacute;s is, and the reader quickly begins to speculate what sort of "flash of recognition" might pass between these two sad men when finally they meet. And it's obvious that they will come together, but I have no intention of disclosing how or when.This is also a novel about that portion of the world that isn't Iceland, where something as vile as "interactive surveillance" could corrupt the noblest ideals. Half of the story takes place in Leipzig, where Tom&aacute;s falls in love with Ilona, another idealistic student from Hungary. Tom&aacute;s is one of several Icelanders in Leipzig on grants from the Communist state. Eventually, back in Iceland, in their seventies by now, two of those students will find themselves confronted with the police, interrogated by Erlandur and his colleagues, and for them "interrogation" brings back their worst memories. They are both impressive "independent" people, utterly enraged by the "charade" of socialism they saw and rejected in the Stalinist hell of the '50s, and yet as idealistic as ever, rejecting any hint of cynicism.Here's a passage from Erlandur's interrogation of Hannes, an Icelander who was booted out of the university in Leipzig and sent home in shame to Iceland; Erlandur asks him about "socialism as a genuine alternative to capitalism."I don't think it's dead," Hannes said, as if reaching some kind of conclusion. "I think it's very much alive, but in a different way from what we imagined. It's socialism that makes it bearable for us to live under capitalism.""You're still a socialist?" Erlandur said."I always have been," Hannes said. "Socialism bears no relation to the blatant inhumanity that Stalin turned it into or the ridiculous dictatorships taht developed across Eastern Europe."Here's another passage; the speaker is a woman, Rut, who left Leipzig voluntarily:".... the socialism we believed in then and believe in now remains the same, and it played a part in establishing the labour movement, ensuring a decent wage and free hospitals to care for you and your family, educated you to become a police officer, set up the national insurance system, set up the welfare system. But that's nothing compared with the implicit socialist values we all live by, you and me and her, so that society can function. It's socialism that makes us into human beings."Laxness might have said it with more literary flair, but his message would have been similar.Indridason is not a writer of the genius of Halldor Laxness. I doubt that he aspires to be. But this is a powerful indictment, this detective fiction, of the abuses of humanity in the former communist dictatorships. "Interactive surveillance" indeed! It's painful to remember how close America came to the same villainy at the same time, in the McCarthy era, and again with Bush/Cheney's Patriot Act. Tyranny cloaked in the rhetoric of idealism is the ugliest tyranny of all.
Published in 1932, this novel is a hysterically funny, tongue in cheek parody of the heavy handed, gloomy novels of some early twentieth century English writers who had previously been so popular. Tremendously successful when first published, "Cold Comfort Farm" caused quite a stir in its time.The novel starts out innocuously enough, when well-educated Flora Poste finds herself orphaned at the age of twenty. Discovering that her father was not the wealthy man she believed him to be, she is resigned to the fate of having to live on a hundred pounds a year. Opting to live with relatives, rather than earn her bread, she seeks out a most unlikely set of relations, the odd Starkadder family who live in Howling, Sussex.Therein begins what is certainly one of the funniest novels ever written. When Flora arrives in Howling, she meets her odd relatives, who live in neglected, ramshackle "Cold Comfort Farm", where they still wash the dishes with twigs, and have cows named Graceless, Pointless, Feckless, and Aimless. Headed by a seventy nine year old matriarch, Flora's aunt, Ada Doom Starkadder, who has not been right in the head since she "saw something nasty happen in the woodshed" nearly seventy years ago, they are a motley and strange crew indeed. Confronted with their dismal and gloomy existence, Flora sets about trying to put things to right.Peppered with eccentric, memorable characters, this book will take the reader on a journey not easily forgotten. It is one that is sure to make the reader revisit this novel yet again, like an old friend who is missed too soon.
Exquisitely written, a cast of wonderful characters, a murder that is not the mystery.... who could ask for anything more?
I chose this one because I loved it as a child and have the DVD version, which I use in my classroom. I always like to have the actual book to go with the DVD when possible.
I dare say many rules Mr. Kernighan preached almost three decades ago are still NOT followed by the programming community at large. For examples, "Modularize. Use subroutines." "Each module should do one thing well." and "Don't patch bad code--rewrite it." A widespread, bad practice of 90% of the programmers today is still writing functions that are way too long! And they very often keep modifying existing functions--inserting new logic into them--to make already bad code even worse; they seldom give it a second thought about rewriting the whole damn crap!Another set of rules from the book: "Make sure code and comments agree." and "Don't over-comment." Many programmers seldom do the first thing, resulting in widespread mismatches between the actual codes and surrounding comments. This applies to Java code as well. The comment style recommended by Java--that is, mixing code and comments that can be extracted into so-called self documentation--is an outright violation of the "don't over-comment" rule. (This is intended to be a criticism of Java-style comments.) Good code should document itself clearly; with perhaps a little help from judiciously added few comments that are not self-evident from the code itself.The book uses FORTRAN and PL/I code examples. There are things that no longer apply today. But the fundamental rules and styles are still well applicable today and in the future.
I am a life coach and small business marketing expert who has changed careers many times and read many career books and textbooks. I highly recommend this 10th Edition of The Career Fitness Program: Exercising Your Options,This easy to follow textbook rates on a level with What Color Is Your Parachute as regards the complete approach to self-discovery. To discover one's essence is the first step towards finding the career that fits one's personality, desires, and needs.As a Baby Boomer Plus, I enjoyed the fact that it covers all the generational challenges, and is a potent self-help tool that makes the career transition clear, fun, and an exciting adventure instead of the usual textbook approach to this process that is often daunting for all ages.Judith Fine-Sarchielli, Owner Brainstorming for Success!
I have read every review of this novel and feel compelled to add my own thoughts here.  This is a masterpiece of literary fiction.  I have read it so many times that my paperback is falling apart and I am so pleased to see that there is a kindle version available.Yes this is not a passionate romance between the main characters, but it is a wonderful study of a deepening friendship within marriage and the building of a family with sound character values.  I totally disagree with the reviewer who thought that Deveril would end up getting a young pretty mistress.  Honourable young men who marry such treasures as Jenny and find unlikely domestic happiness tend not to rock the boat.I was very disappointed that there was only one reference to the Marquis of Rockhill from the reviewers so far, as he was my very favourite secondary character.  I just loved his cynical romance with Julia which was a delightful and necessary counterpoint to the deepening friendship between the main characters.  My favourite laughs from this book are from the dry observations by other characters about their romance.A true masterpiece of Regency Fiction.
I loved it. It is  a don't put down. It does not focus so much on legal aspects but on the personal motives  and political ideologies of accusers and defendants. It is a fascinating account of their psychological profiles. It is a must read if you are trying  to understand what was really at stake at the Nuremberg trial. It rounded and deepened my comprehension of the Nazi era, its atrocities and the moral and legal imperative felt by the allies  to punish  its representatives and executioners for their diabolic crimes against humanity.
This book works great. Actually it works so well that the day we brought it in the house and started reading it (and making plans about how to adjust baby's routines), he started sleeping better. Seriously, it was magical. :) But beyond the coincidence I think the key message the book offers, and the one which has worked for us so well,  is that daytime routines lead to established nap routines and better night sleep. Our 13 months old who had not slept through the night for 8  months straight started to sleep in longer and longer stretches. Now, unlness he is sick or teething, he sleeps from 7.30 pm to 7 am; it's true he may still wake up once or twice but has learned to self-soothe. Great resource for people who don't like the sound of the 'extinction method' of other sleep specialists.
This book --is the most informative book on Islam --that I have ever read..that dosen't bogg the reader down--yet explains EVERYTHING....to a level as to be desired by anyone trying to understand this religon..and peoples.There are so many questions that I personally had that this book clearly and definitively answered.For instance --it thoughly explains the difference between the "schools"  and "sects" of Islamists. Where they sprung from..how each came about !! This book informs you of the rivalrys of the Shi'it..and the Sunni..and how that came about to be.( it started hundreds of years ago..after the death of Mohammad !!) Everything became so much clearer to me after reading this book.The authors of this book  Bernard Lewis......and Buntzie Ellis Churchill...have clearly taken the time to absolutely gain the knowledge to share with us. The writing is very clear and presise....the occasional  pictures are of the time  early photos ...and the drawings are clear and  easy to understand within this book---they do a great job  of traversing even into modern times --and explain the sorts of things that are happening in the Muslim world today.As I stated earlier--all of my questions.....of which there was many--have now been answered.I --to the utmost degree--suggest this book for all----from political persons--government persons---persons that just wish to be enlightened on these subjects..regular readers--just trying to keep up on current events....that they read this book.I rarely give 5 stars for books...but this one deserves it and shall have my 100%  Best of the Best star recommendations.Read this book --and educate yourself....for you will have been much further educated---once you've read this book ISLAM THE RELIGIONS AND THE PEOPLE.
Jack Welch was the most famous CEO in the U.S. when he ran General Electric. During the Welch era (1981-2001), GE's value skyrocketed, making millionaires of employees with stock options. CEOs across the globe adopted Welch's strategies for streamlining operations, reducing payrolls and dominating markets. Welch retired superrich (current estimated net worth: $720 million) - not bad for a short, stumpy, middle-class guy with a lifelong stutter and an explosive temper. GE staffers called Welch "Neutron Jack" because of his temper, his pettiness and his heavy hand with firings, more than 100,000 during his first four years as CEO. In this book, Bill Lane, Welch's speechwriter for two decades, reveals the true man, warts and all. Despite his singular accomplishments, Welch comes across in Lane's book as an abusive tyrant and a bully. Lane doesn't make himself look much better, from commenting on a female stockbroker's "great legs" to throwing around expletives. He paints an unattractive picture of overpaid, self-indulgent, immature executives, pitching things at each other and acting, as Lane puts it, like "little boys competing for attention in the schoolyard." getAbstract finds that this book is a top-notch primer on executive communication and recommends it for that purpose. Just don't pay as much attention to the way its stars comport themselves when they're not in public.
I always loved his shows on HGTV, so I wanted the book too. I read it over and over. We also met Michael at a home show, and he is a very nice man. It was an honor to meet him! I highly recommend this book.
Having not read Hemingway since my teens (a few years ago), I decided to revisit him to see how he stood the test of time.  I chose The Sun Also Rises because I had not previously read this one.  I was disappointed. There was no discernable plot other than a group of American, English and Scottish expatriates who go on holiday with a lovely lady who they are all involved with in some way or another.  The plot consists only of an obscene amount of alcohol consumption, jealous intrique and the fiesta and running of the bulls in Pamplona, Spain, and pretty much ends as it began as far as the cast of characters are concerned.  Many authors and novels don't wear well over time so I was not surprised when I wasn't wowed by this book.  Still, Hemingway had a raw talent as a writer.  I think the reason he was so popular in the twenties is that his style was so unlike the classic authors who came before him.  He really introduced a very crisp style of writing, with limited description, and heavy on dialogue which moves his stories along.  Also, part of Hemingway's charm was, and remains, the fabulously flamboyant and handsome man he was in real life.  I would recommend reading Hemingway's A Farewell To Arms, as I recall really liking that book.  Styles, like everything else, change over time.  It's doubtful many hugely famous authors of the nineteenth and early twentieth century would wear well today, but that's not really the point. The point is being immensely relevant in your own time and that, in itself, is a giant accomplishment.  We should all be so fortunate.
When you understand what makes individuals tick, you can interact with them far more effectively.Taking Flight! reveals profound hidden patterns of human behavioral style, offers a blueprint for deeper self-awareness, helps you maximize your own personal strengths, and shows how to connect with and influence others more powerfully than ever before.Team performance experts Merrick Rosenberg and Daniel Silvert introduce the proven four-style DISC model of human behavior and show how it can make you more effective as a leader, team member, teacher, salesperson, and in all your personal relationships.Other books on DISC are dry and academic...not this one! Rosenberg and Silvert introduce DISC through a fable that's quick, fun, and incredibly easy to understand. Once you get it, you'll learn how to apply it...building on what you already do well to supercharge your own personal performance!
Brookner creates a fascinating window into the interior monologues of human beings, particularly women.  In Fanny you can see all the ways one can mentally reformat their experiences to try and make them more tolerable.  You also see how practiced one can become at forgiving instead of becoming angry, and how we may not always be paying attention to those who really love us.
"All Quiet on the Western Front" is a well-known work throughout the western world. "Bloom's Guides: All Quiet on the Western Front" is a complete and comprehensive book on the book. Exploring Remarque's work, looking at the roots and meanings scattered throughout that may not be obvious to a simple reader, it is also enhanced with a collection of critical essays discussing the work's impact on the world of literature and the world in general. This Bloom's Guide to a literary classic is a must for any student or non-specialist general reader wanting better understand the nuances, historical references, character insights, and writing style that created "All Quiet on the Western Front."
I stumbled onto this discussion by accident, and then remembered that Rudin's book had been my Analysis text very many years ago, in a two-semester upper division course, for undergrad math majors. Personally, I've long since left behind the formal pursuit of math, but keep a fond appreciation for those years of study.I recall that at the beginning of my Analysis course I hated Rudin's book, and then after a few weeks found that I was beginning to tolerate it, even appreciate it.  By the end of the course, under the tutelage of my wily professor, I came to regard the book and its author with near veneration.  I still remember being forced to work through the problem sets, grumbling at the beginning, and then achieving that sense of exhilaration one feels when a dimly understood idea suddenly becomes blazingly clear, and another tantalizing idea is close behind.Perhaps such experiences, which are both intellectual and emotional, are part of the &quot;maturity&quot; that seasoned mathematicians try to cultivate in their students.  In any case, I'm convinced that Rudin's book, at least in the hands of a skillful teacher, can help bring a dutiful student to mathematical maturity.After all this reminiscing, I'm going to dig out a copy, and see if I can recapture some of those memorable moments of discovery.
A natural continuation in the outstanding series that derives so much valuable coaching from America's most noteworthy market speculators. (I wish there were an "options wizards" book.)This volume focuses on stock trading. As an aspiring daytrader, I wish there was more in the way of intraday-trader interviews. There really was only one, and that guy traded S&P; futures contracts, so it was about trading the entire market as a whole rather than individual equities. There exists a community of stock daytraders who work from their home office, some of whom make over $1 million per year very steadily. Too bad none of those guys were interviewed - hey, maybe another book?Most of the traders interviewed were money managers and/or long-term position traders. Still, it's a great read that is chock full of thought-provocing content just like all the books in this hopefully not-yet-complete series.[...]
I recommend a read of this book to gain good insight into the financial markets and how they work relative to the mortgage crisis.
Let me start off with my gripe.  This is not a [price] book.  It is short (150 pages with about 100 of those being the meat) and the graphics look like someone printed the bitmaps from their powerpoint slides.  For [price] they could have hired a graphic artist to redo them in a vector-based graphics program.Now on to the good stuff.  This book is quite practical.  It provides a lot of insight into what practices the authors have found to work, what problems they solve, and *why* they solve them.  The practices in this book are largely common sense and most successful projects have probably adopted at least a portion of them already.  The concept is simple:  reduce distractions so you can get real work done.  This is missed too often in today's environment though.  Requirements keep changing even multiple times in the same day.Everyone who is managing a software development team should read this book.  It will give you a good idea about what your job is (giving your people covor to work) and what it isn't (micro-managing everything with process).
I can't remember this book from when I was little, but I know that the price and free/fast shipping was perfect.  I bought it for my daughter to read for school and saved money getting it on Amazon.
Made to Stick is an enjoyable read, but perhaps more importantly, it provides useful insights. While it pays homage to The Tipping Point, this utility is where the two books part company - in Made to Stick, there is actually information you can use, rather than just brain candy and cocktail party roughage.The focus is on effective communication, but at a strategic level - how do you effectively communicate ideas -  rather than the tactical stuff you learned in your college communications courses.Key concepts included the effectiveness of templates in leveraging creativity, the importance of storytelling in creating stickiness, the concept of commander's intent, and the curse of knowledge.Refreshingly, the book focused less on communication goals than on methods for achieving them - again workable templates/intellectual frameworks for delivery.The book is well researched and supported by strong and pertinent anecdotes - these guys clearly took their own advice.
I always enjoy Kathy Reichs books. The forensic parts are amazing to me and I particularly like her realtionships with her sister, her daughter, her cat, and most of all Ryan.The mystery part kept me on the edge of my seat. Because I do know something about cults, I found the plot to be right on--even though I was hoping things might turn out a bit differently.It's always great to read one of these books when Reichs is describing winter in Canada.Because the heroine of my books is also named Tempe, I feel very close to Tempe Brennan.Marilyn Meredith, author of the Deputy Tempe Crabtree series, the latest being Wingbeat.
This is a keeper and a reread, Kept me guessing who did it, and kept me engaged in the reading process. John Grisham is an excellent writer.  Surprise ending is just what I look for in a novel.
Power Verbs is a great reference book for finding the precise (page 46 benchmarked, balanced, page 50 delineate) and professional (page 179 consultative, page 180 credential, page 182 certify),  I am very positive (page 173 acknowledge, or page 175 laud) of the value of this book.  The target of this book is for Power Verbs for Job Seekers but anyone who writes anything would benefit from this book.  For example, authors are encouraged to use strong verbs instead of dressing up a weak one with an adverb.  I agree. Writers should abreact (page 75) their ideas using this must-have tool.
I have been following this group for years and I'm never disappointed. I have the next one I will read on my cruise.
As both a Professional Engineer and a consumer with an strong interest and background in technology, this is an excellent resource for becoming familiar with LTE. This book really digs into the details and aspects of the standard from antenna, modulation, and OFDM techniques, as well as various other aspects of the LTE standard.My only comment would be that if you are only looking for a survey on the technology, you can find that info for free on the web in many places. However, if you want an in-depth explanation of the  various aspects and parts of the standard, and have some technical background (enough to understand the mathematics and general communication systems theory) then this quickly becomes a excellent resource.
"Lean Six-Sigma" sounds so exotic. And complex.  In reality, it is a simple methodology. The perceived complexity seems to come from our expectations.  People see a typical Six-Sigma book, and note that it contains a few Summation or Integral notations, and wig-out. Well, they say, this is beyond my level. And move on.Pity. As an almost math major at university (my BS is actually in General Studies so I could get credit for classes in a misguided attempt to become an architect), the notation did not scare me. However, I had little idea how to apply the concepts to business problems in a meaningful way.After reading this book, I looked at efficiencies in our office with new eyes. Using the free trial of Arthur's Excel macros that came with the Kindle download, I made some subtle improvements to the satellite office I run. This was completed  without corporate or IT involvement, solely by myself and a small leadership team.Below are the results I can track to this approach over the past 3 or 4 months three month's work.1)Moved printers, fax machines and supplies to locations that were, in essence, centrally located. Productivity, measure in customer contacts soared 25%. Revenue up 10% versus the enterprise average (including us).2)Stored frequently updated documents in a centralized, cloud-based location. Minimizing search time.3)Starting with a static document for a key process, responsible for  7-12% of our revenue depending on the month, translated it into HTML/JavaScript driven document. This integrated data, emails and web-pages directly into one document. The JavaScript would only reveal the "next step" and necessary data based on the issue and a rep's prior selection. The interface was very intuitive, and reps adopted it immediately. Result: the mean time in completing the tasks dropped about 75%, while errors plummeted almost 100%--from over 170 transactions containing an error, many of them multiple, to about 2 per month.4)Worked out an account management system, based on Pareto's 80/20 rule, using fish-bone diagrams and "5 why's" .I would never have been able to do this without Arthur's simple, pragmatic approach. I could understand the notation presented in other Six-Sigma and SPC books due to my training. But how to apply them? Especially in a corporate system, lean on resources due to a tight economy without  up-line support due to revenue pressures.Best analogy I can come up with was how I learned Spanish in university. Before Arthur, I knew the language. But could not speak to locals. Now, I not only understand the grammar and vocabulary, but can speak meaningfully with the locals, using colorful idioms.
In a culture that seems to cry out for free health-care, cheap fuel, a guaranteed job with benefits and no competition, this book restates the sanity of capitalism and exposes the failings of feel-good economic policies. Mr. Donlan begins with a very clear explanation of free markets and why they are such efficient distribution systems for wealth, income, labor, goods, and everything else. This is an excellent explanation of how free markets, deregulation, and capitalism in general are the cure for so many of our economic and some social ills as well."World of Wealth," is well written and as interesting as you will find any book on economics, but I wouldn't go so far as to say it was entertaining.  It is very enlightening and I suggest that anyone looking to cast an informed vote in any election read it.There are many popular and empty promises being made in the political arena, especially right now. Sure we can all imagine wealth distribution as a kind, just and equitable way to make everyone feel good.  But Donlan pulls back the curtain and exposes the fact that these socially engineered promises are only political rhetoric and cannot stand up against fact and history.  As one other reviewer put it, "It's possible to imagine kinder, more just, more equitable outcomes than markets deliver, but it's virtually impossible to engineer those outcomes without creating disastrous consequences."The greatest challenges facing America and the world get examined one issue at a time and the author reveals what economic history teaches us about poverty, inequality, taxes, globalization, trade, immigration, energy, health care, retirement security, and population growth.  It is equally important to understand and how we can harness the power of free markets to address these challenge, especially since reporters and news agencies seem content to report surface material and what the dissatisfied public wants to hear.
Maurice Sendak's Alligators All Around: An Alphabet portrays a family of three alligators through the ups and downs of daily life in their household.  Not a traditional narrative, the personalities of the alligator family emerge in a series of humorous vignettes associated with each letter of the alphabet.  "D" shows the child grudgingly helping his father "doing dishes"; "G" shows the family enjoying each other's company "getting giggles"; "T" shows the child "throwing tantrums," which may be the cause for "H" showing the parents in bed with cold compresses "having headaches."  Each letter receives one page, with three-color illustrations appearing in boxed panels.  Sendak's unique style comes through, with the alligator parents showing shades of "wild things" and the alligator child marching across the pages like Max.  Beneath the illustrations, an uppercase serif letter appears in the lower-left corner along with the associated phrase of words starting with the letter.  Children will love the small size of the book (approximately 5"x7") and will notice the relationship between the letters of the alphabet and the sounds they make in words.
If you need to learn how to deal with nasty people, destructive personalities,cult figures, and yes sociopaths read this book. This book outlines and goes into great details about the tactic nasty people use called invalidation. Everyone at young age is confronted with invalidation.Personally, I have met and worked with some heavy duty invalidation in the work place and the funeral arrangement conference. Pages 63-65 diagrams on the cycle of invalidation make the book worth the purchase. "The chapter (4) what do we do about it?" is most helpful. There are detailed lists about how to handle invalidation. I give the book four stars because the book needs more details and explanations in  Chapter 4.
Seems to be a good reference to the core functions of the java programing language it is a beginner book and focuses on teaching OOP programing with Java. Its easy to read and haven't found any problems with the source code as of yet.
In his book Merriman plainly lays out the best asset classes to own in a diversified portfolio of mutual funds and and provides recommendations for creating this optimal portfolio in many different fund families.  He also gives some advice on asset allocation by age.
Good book for begining learning grammar from english to spanish and spanish to english. Not really much alse to say...Does what it says
This came highly recommended to me however it was difficult for me to read.  I had a hard time following it, and it was the first book I didn't finish, and I have read about 100 or so in the last year.
This book is about the questions every investor wants answers to:*  Why do I tend to get into and out of the market at the wrong times?*  Why are professionals prone to the exact same problems?*  Why do financial crises happen?*  Is there a way to approximately measure where we are in the overall market cycle?The author has a theory that he calls "Horizon Preference." Think of it this way: when the market is near bottom, market players have very short time horizons for investment. They hide in cash. More than that, they choose very generic investments; they stay close to home and keep things simple. Fear drives them back to what they know always works in the very short run, which means any opportunity for gain is lost.At such a time, only the most risk tolerant and experienced remain holding risky assets. Valuations are low. The party is over, the young have left, and the old guys are cleaning up the room. If you look in a financial newspaper, or out on the web, the headlines you read are pervasively negative. But at a true bottom, you'll see that things have stopped getting worse.Then optimism begins. It's a fitful at first. It is two steps forward and one step back, before it becomes three steps forward and one step back, before it becomes an unrelentingly good trend. But as this happens, moods, headlines, move from disbelief, to doubt, to wonder, to optimism, and to greed. As this happens, market players expand their horizons. They are willing to take on new risks, with new instruments, and in new places. They are willing to pay remarkably higher prices for risky assets. This happens with individual investors, professional investors, bankers make loans, regulators, accountants who have to make the numbers for management, etc.At the top everything is wondrous. Nothing can go wrong. At the top, the attitude is "We are going to make a lot of money." It's as if money is free, and anyone can make it in the markets now. Everyone can be rich, just invest in the market. All of the neophytes are playing in the market. The experienced professionals who have seen a few market cycles have begun to edge out of the market, if not raise significant cash. Risk control is derided as a way of losing money. Real heavy hitters don't need risk control.All of the discretionary cash is applied to the markets. Various forms of leverage are applied to personal investments, real estate, and business investments. Because everyone knows things are going to go well, they figure they may as well play it to the hilt.But at the top, things stop getting better. Then pessimism begins.  It's a fitful at first. It is two steps back and one step forward, before it becomes three steps back and one step forward, before it becomes an unrelentingly bad trend.  Sadly, during the phase of pessimism, things move down about twice as fast as they went up. It's frightening, and it should be. Bear markets tend to persist until the bad ideas and investments of the up cycle are liquidated, unless the government steps in to arrest the fall.The planning horizons of businessmen and investors shrink, as do valuations, until we hit the bottom, and the cycle starts again.What I have described to you is the basic framework of the book. The author then applies that framework to the housing bubble, the possible higher education bubble, changes to accounting frameworks as rising preferences change, and where we are today in the markets. He gives a tour of the various phenomena inside corporations that take place at different points in the cycle. Optimism breeds complexity, lack of risk management, concept stocks, big projects, and a lot of credit. Pessimism breeds simplicity, renewed risk management, and bankruptcies.This book will give you a feel for what part of the market cycle we're in, and how you can profit from it. It is not math intensive; the book has no equations. There are a lot of graphs, but they are simple to understand.QuibblesIn one sense, this book is about the credit cycle, and how it affects all risky assets. But it is couched in the language of how moods change of market participants, which then drives the market. My view of the matter is slightly different. I see market players making estimates of their future well-being, and as that estimate changes, so do their moods change, and the prices of risky assets. I don't think this is a big difference from what the author is saying, so I heartily endorse this book.Who would benefit from this book:  Inexperienced investors would definitely benefit from this book. Experienced investors who are having a hard time with the unpredictability of the market of late would also benefit.
A life long love story. A human love story. The beauty of GGM is not in the story itself, which is definitely good, but in the real human touch.The pace at which the book moves between the sublime and the ridicule every so often is staggering. Absolutely prim characters die doing idiotic things that will only happen in real life. Great moments - like lovers finally uniting - are interrupted by tremendous tragedies. Even the heroes are shown full of despicable traits (including the way they don't shed a tear for the folks dying for them). Their unshakable resolves or feelings are shown as false. They age and they lose bladder controls. They smell foul and fail to perform sexually. The humanity of the characters make for an extraordinary ride where there are numerous twists, although almost always in details while the main storyline stays stagnant.GGM's use of language is at its peak with a phenomenal collection of quotable quotes through the book. The fluidity with which he moves over a fifty year period with his story moving back and forth shows the hand of an absolute master.The love story itself is unique in the way it spans decades. Its one-sidedness lends to a relatively unique fable. All that said, it's a story that is stretched through numerous side anecdotes. As interesting as these diversions are by themselves, they cannot mask the stagnancy that pervades the novel. May be that's the perpetual GGM theme, but it still rankles in this book more than others.
If you're a fan of realistic spy novels (as opposed to the James Bond and Jason Bourne absurd comedies), then you'll already know the novels of John Le Carre'.  Len Deighton is Le Carre's only equal.In these cold-war spy novels, guns are seldom used, but if used, actually maim and kill people.  The most important weapons are brain power and knowing whom to trust, on your own side and on the enemy's side.  The bluffs and counter-bluffs, deep moles and obvious fools are a joy to follow through these novels.  The constant battle between the "desk" spies and the "front-line" spies makes for a wonderful underlying tension between co-workers.  Competition with the other British and American intelligence organizations makes for yet more fun.  Seeing the opposing side mixed up in the same silly and frustrating power games is another source of realism and joy in these novels."Mexico Set" is the second in the trilogy, so be sure to start with "Berlin Game" and follow with the concluding "London Match".  Even though the books are readable independent of one another, and do not leave you "cliff-hanging" from one book to the next, you'll get maximum enjoyment by reading them in order.
I love the examples in this book.  The author helped me trim down word usage and get to the point.  Before this book I would have written that the author really helped me learn how to get to the point by not using so many  words.
Postman's _Amusing Ourselves to Death_ was published in 1985.  A lot has changed in fifteen years.  Satellite dishes have rapidly expanded the choices of consumers who have grown up with the television as the centerpiece of family life.  The internet has created a new virtual culture, redefining our understanding of &quot;community.&quot;What has not changed is the continuing effect that the medium of television has had on public discourse.  One need only reflect on the media spectacle of the Bush-Gore election, the OJ Simpson circus, or the Columbine tragedy to see that Postman's thesis remains essentially intact.  Television has transformed the way we speak about politics, religion, and education, and not for the better.  Entertainment is the new epistemology of the West, where the drive to delight and amuse displaces concern for critical reflection and substantive speech.  It would be interesting were Postman to update this book with reflections on how the internet would alter or confirm his Huxleyian fears.The book is very well written, a delight to read for anyone interested in exploring the tragic loss of substance in public communication.  Postman is serious and concerned, but his manner does not lose sight of the humor of life.  Just a sampling from the book, my favorite quote:&quot;Not long ago, I saw Billy Graham join with Shecky Green, Red Buttons, Dionne Warwick, Milton Berle and other theologians in a tribute to George Burns, who was celebrating himself for surviving eighty years in show business.  The Reverend Graham exchanged one-liners with Burns about making preparations for Eternity.  Although the Bible makes no mention of it, the Reverend Graham assured the audience that God loves those who make people laugh.  It was an honest mistake.  He merely mistook NBC for God.&quot; (5)Pick up this book, and after it be sure to read _Technopoly_, a fine sequel that expands Postman's critique of our technocratic culture.
Steinbeck's "East of Eden," is without doubt a Classic in American Literature.  To read his notes, letters, writings--thought processes is magical.  This book is a gift to all who love Steinbeck and his beautifully written book.Highly recommended.Deborah/TheBookishDame
I found the advice about smiling simple but amazingly effective. Something I think all should take a moment to read.
Mark Zuckerberg isn't crazy, he's crazy like a fox. And we can all learn from a fox.Ekaterina Walter has studied the history and present of the world's largest social network and its founder, and pulled out five key lessons that can be applied to many businesses. This isn't a biography, it's a dissection of purpose and intent and tactics, and the result is a book that's both imminently useful and very, very enjoyable to read.A great storyteller, Walter provides depth and detail throughout that helps the reader understand the method behind the Facebook madness, and how many elements of the company's success could conceivably be exported into your own business. Recommended.*Disclaimer* I was given a free preview copy of this book by the author, whom I know and have interviewed on my podcast.
I recently read this book, Night by Elie Weise. This is a touching story that takes place back in the hard times of the holocaust. It's a true story of a young Jewish, German boy as he is taken from his home and away from his family and how this main event in history effected his life, as well as the triumphs that he went through to survive. My point of view on this book is that it's a great book that can make the toughest readers change their view or opinion on racial supremecy and or history of the holocaust itself. The emotions that i felt while reading Night are unexplainable. I felt that what was done in the past is ridicoulas and that all humans were created equally,  people that have a problem with tha statement are insecure with themselves and I learned that through reading this book. The setting takes place in multiple concentration camps throughout Germany. The jewish family in which case this book follows were transported multiple times in order to stay alive. The plot of Night is that of the German family's story that has been documented throughout their hard times during the halacoust. The theme of Night is that hard times do come and you have to push your way through them. The main character in the book,(a young boy) explains to his father, the only one left living of his family that they can't allow the German nazi's to get the best of them, for thats what they want to see and hear. That's the news that they are all waiting upon hearing. Over all Night, by Elie Weisel was a great book that any kind or reader would enjoy.
I'm still reviewing this but have found that so far it is a great addition to my teaching methods as a private tutor.
I have read a couple of other Seth books and this is my third.  I like them very much; however, they are only for those who are ready to read them.  I love the mental stimulation of trying to understand ideas that are so counterintuitive.  I have read Jane Roberts &#34;Oversoul Seven&#34; novel and I think having read it helps me to grasp the concepts in the actual Seth books.  For those of us who seek to understand why we are here and how this strange spiritual path that I have enjoyed so much is influence by my own thoughts and intentions.
A simply marvelous, absolutely absorbing story - perfect grist for a PBS documentary - of the complex, overlapping, interlaced clusters of simultaneous (and preventable) blunders that produced the Great Depression and, consequently, the contemporary world. Author Ahamed knows the universe of international economics and finance intimately, but that's not altogether unusual (if still not a dime-a-dozen wisdom). What IS very special is Ahamed's superb command not only of his topic but of narrative: he is a stunning technical writer - lucid, expressive, easy with an apt quotation or characterization, with a canny observer's eye for the telling detail.Ahamed begins his story in 1914, at the close of the late-19th century-early 20th century wave of globalization, and intelligently weaves the tale around the lives and decisions of the four central bankers - "the world's most exclusive club" - of Great Britain, the United States, Germany, and France, their roles in the post-WW I reparations controversy, their rigid (and economically fatal) commitment to the gold standard, and the ways in which each disastrously played out his country's hand. To an extent, each man walks straight out of Central Casting: the operatic eccentric, the bluff capitalist, the brilliant opportunist, the xenophobic paranoiac. But all share a common fate and own a piece of the blame. And then there's Maynard Keynes, also a central character, singing his lonely Casandra-like obbligato over the dealings of the bankers...and has the last word.The book concludes with a brief but useful epilogue of parallels between the sequence of mistakes made in the two decades following the onset of WW I and recent international economic history, from the 1994 peso crisis to the present time. (In a variety of speeches and presentations Ahamed has given since his book's publication, many easily available on the Internet, he updates the story in closer to real time.) He notes that, although we've learned a great deal and have headed off collapses of Great Depression magnitude, we're still not fail-safe. As if you didn't know.This is an extremely lively and perceptive account of a seminal moment in the 20th century; I recommend it without qualification.
John Wooden is undoubtedly one of the best leaders one can learn from. In this book he makes the statement that what he misses most about basketball is teaching. Well after reading this book, you see without a doubt that his teaching days are definitely not over. Only the students have changed. Instead of teaching young men as in the past, his audience knows no age limit, gender, or job title. This gentleman is much more than just a coach, but is a living example of the type of leader the world needs now more than ever. His pyramid should be required knowledge for anyone who aspires to be a leader. Well written, as are all his works with Steve Jamison, it is a book to be referred to often, read and re-read. Thanks Coach.
The image of Sherlock Holmes in 'The Hound of the Baskervilles' is perhaps the most enduring image we have of him. You see, an Inverness cloak and deerstalker cap are inappropriate wardrobe for the town, and belong in the country. Sherlock Holmes is predominantly a city dweller and city investigator; it is relatively uncommon that he treks out on adventures, but the case of the mysterious death of Sir Charles Baskerville and the attempted murder of Sir Henry Baskerville led him to the Dartmoor plain. Thus, country garb was in order. This is where we get much of our imagery.Also helping with this is that every major actor to play Holmes has considered 'Hound of the Baskervilles' to be the ultimate Holmes story to act -- rather like the Hamlet of Conan Doyle's work. Holmes was a popular film icon, and in the early decades of the twentieth century several dozen films were made of Holmes, but the first after these many films to be set in Victorian times (and not be updated for the screen) was a version of Hound. Ellie Norwood, Basil Rathbone, Peter Cushing, Jeremy Brett -- many distinguished actors have considered this among their greatest roles.Watson dates the case to 1889, but various reading authorities, knowing the good doctor's occasional attempts to distort details to protect the privacy of the innocent, have dated this to between 1886 and 1900.In fact, the novel appeared in serialised form in the Strand magazine, the great first-publication site of most Holmesian tales, between August 1901 and April 1902, after Conan Doyle had attempted to kill off the great detective in the short story The Final Problem, which showcased Holmes' battle with Moriarity, the Napoleon of Crime. In fact, Conan Doyle came to dislike the character of Holmes because it was a distraction to his other pursuits.So, bowing to public pressure, Conan Doyle penned Hound of the Baskervilles to placate the public demand for more stories, but took care to place it before the death of Holmes, in the hopes that he could leave the detective safely dead (if not buried). Such was not to be, and we find a few years later that in fact Conan Doyle 'resurrects' Holmes in a rather ingenious fashion.But, on to the story at hand. Holmes and Watson, at home at 221b Baker Street, are approached by a Dr. James Mortimer regarding the death of Sir Charles Baskerville and a family curse which involved evil forces in the form of a satanic hound. Mortimer is concerned for the safety of the new proprietor of the family lands, freshly arriving from Canada, who had a new boot stolen, then an old boot stolen, in his hotel in London. Later Holmes would put together the significance of this seeming strange minor act (no, I won't tell you).Holmes sends Baskerville and Watson together to the country estate while he tends things in London on another case. In reality, Holmes is setting Watson up as a diversion, while he investigates the moor and the surroundings of the Baskerville estate under cover. Life at the estate is a bit strained, given the murder, an attempted murder, a curse, and all. The neighbours seem nice enough, though. Or are they? Watson picks up on curious little details of their relationship, which he reports back in written notes to Holmes (which have been redirected to his moor outpost).Eventually Holmes reveals himself to Watson, and then to Baskerville, and the chase is on in earnest, to discover the reality of the mysterious creature each have seen or heard. In good mystery fashion, we come across long lost relatives and an inheritance to be had; we find plots and subplots muddied by superstitious belief and fear, on a mysterious plain in southwestern England.All the elements combined that are now considered standard bits for a well-done country English mystery. But the mystery does not stop merely with the story. In true mystery fashion, appearing in the Daily Express edition of March 16, 1959, there were doubts cast upon the authorship of Hound of the Baskervilles. The one who carried the dispute was named none other than Baskerville, Harry Baskerville. He credited the story to one Fletcher Robinson, who died (perhaps of the Egyptian mummy's curse) at age 35 shortly after the publication of Hound. With his death, only Baskerville remembered the issue of co-authorship. Baskerville claims it was Robinson who 'borrowed' the Baskerville name.One of Conan Doyle's heirs, Adrian Conan Doyle, heatedly denied involvement of Robinson past possible 'conversations' that might have taken place between Arthur Conan Doyle and Robinson. But, he did not deny Conan Doyle's possible 'inspiration' from Robinson.One Baker Street Irregular (an exclusive club of Holmesian experts) was doing a monograph on this issue as well, claiming that the reason why Holmes appears so infrequently is due to the fact that he had to be written in to an otherwise essentially completed story. This Irregular travelled to meet with Baskerville, and hinted at discoveries he had found. But alas, the Irregular died three weeks later in America, his monograph never published and his notes were never found. Perhaps a dog ate the homework? A mysterious hound, perhaps?
Anno's _Counting Book_'s first page features a barren hillside, with a frozen river snaking up the hill. Nothing to count here (unless your child points out the river, or the hill!).  This is page zero.On page 1, there is exactly one of several different items-- a bridge, a sun, a building, a snowman, a skier, and more.  On page two, there are two of each item presented-- two leafless trees, two trucks, two men, a steeple clock set at 2 o'clock, two rabbits.  You get the idea.There are no words on the pages-- this makes the book an ideal text for teaching the names of these items, too.  My child asks &quot;What's that?&quot; when he doesn't know what an item is.  Then he repeats the name after me.Some features of a distant hillside are special (think individual tiny flowers, or butterflies) can not be seen by a distant viewer, but Anno has adjusted for this in his book.  Items which are small in real life, such as flowers and butterflies, are presented out of scale in this book, so that the reader can appreciate them along with the other items, such as buildings and people.The pages 1 through 12 represent the 12 months of the year in a continental climate in the Northern Hemisphere, so 1, 2 and 12 are wintry, 3, 4, and 5 represent springtime, and so forth.Anno's book is nicely laid out and designed.  The pictures are a bit old fashioned, but it is well thought out and should appeal to children for several years, as the pages with higher numbers are more cluttered and therefore more difficult.  They also offer more opportunity for creating one's own story as the reader sees such actions as marriages, fencebuilding, caroling, and children playing.
The first thing I need to say is that the book has much applicable depth and wisdom to aid in letting go of greed and addictive consumerism and shiftng gears into a life of purpose and connection with others in a loving and meaningful way.The problem is in the editing and the false voice that is meant to be a friendly tone of chiding and bonhomie.  If the publisher and the editors would revamp the shifting voices of the author and stay with the open and compassionate  voice that presents the data as well as the story of this journey to ones' humanity the book would be a cohesive and beautifully focused whole.As it is currently edited the mock playful american coaching dialouge is off putting and phoney and one has to have a great deal of will power to stick with the process of doing the included exercises  to get to the really deep information on our modern day hedonistc aquisitiveness.Still I enjoyed the deeper voice and the plans and yes I did the exercises which truly have aided in my shifting the entire focus of how I approach many areas of my day to day life.PLEASE RE-EDIT THE BOOK AND STAY WITH THE DEEPER WISE VLOICE AND WRITING AND EDIT OUT THD "HEY I BET YOU KNOW WHAT THIS FEELS LIKE MOCK CONVERSATIONAL TONE, AND THIS BOOK WOULD SAIL TO THE TOP OF THE BEST ON ANY BOOK READER LIST!!!!!!!!
Austin and Devin present a truly innovative approach to help us in the software industry to reconceive our traditionally engineered world. I have a bias toward metaphors and this one really hit home. It not only brings out the soft-science (human) side of developing software, it helps displace the perceptions that artful productions are anything but a disciplined, impeccable process requiring as much, or more, business aptitude than software development to be successful.If you are in the software development industry and have, as I have had, pre-conceived notions of how artists create and innovate, this book is a must read. If you have been using agile development methods, it will open your eyes to why those methods are successful. If you have used more traditional methods, or are skeptical toward agile methods, this book will enlighten you toward an industry that has been using such agile methods for centuries.Finally, and most importantly, this book highlights the creative and innovation process. Many in the software development industry struggle with how to create innovation, typically stumbling over it if you are lucky. This book will guide you through how you can use innovation techniques in your company and teams to build innovative products. I highly recommend this book to anyone seeking to improve their organizations' innovative capabilities.
Not too long ago, I had the pleasure of reviewing Carmine Gallo's book The Presentation Secrets of Steve Jobs.  Based on how much I learned from that book, I jumped at the opportunity to review his latest book... The Innovation Secrets of Steve Jobs: Insanely Different Principles for Breakthrough Success.  I wasn't disappointed, either.  I found a number of interesting insights on innovation here, and I had more than a few strips of paper marking pages of particular interest.  I came away with a greater appreciation for what Jobs has accomplished, as well as some mindsets that are good takeaways for my own areas of interest.Contents:Introduction: What the World Needs Now Is More Jobs - Steve JobsPrinciple 1 - Do What You LoveChapter 2 - Follow Your HeartChapter 3 - Think Differently About Your CareerPrinciple 2 - Put a Dent in the UniverseChapter 4 - Inspire EvangelistsChapter 5 - Think Differently About Your VisionPrinciple 3 - Kick-Start Your BrainChapter 6 - Seek Out New ExperiencesChapter 7 - Think Differently About How You ThinkPrinciple 4 - Sell Dreams, Not ProductsChapter 8 - See Genius in Their CrazinessChapter 9 - Think Differently About Your CustomersPrinciple 5 - Say No to 1,000 ThingsChapter 10 - Simplicity Is the Ultimate SophisticationChapter 11 - Think Differently About DesignPrinciple 6 - Create Insanely Great ExperiencesChapter 12 - We're Here to Help You GrowChapter 13 - Think Differently About Your Brand ExperiencePrinciple 7 - Master the MessageChapter 14 - The World's Greatest Corporate StorytellerChapter 15 - Think Differently About Your StoryOne More Thing... Don't Let the Bozos Get You DownNotes; IndexGallo has taken an in-depth look at the life and career of Steve Jobs, and from that he distilled seven main principles that appear at the core of much of the innovation that Jobs has driven.  For each principle, he takes two chapters to flesh out the details.  The first chapter of the pair focuses primarily on Jobs and how the principle plays out in how Jobs works and what he's accomplished.  The second chapter then moves on to others who have displayed the same principle, as well as how you can instill that attitude and character in your own life.  Given that Gallo is basing his principles on observation of actions, they are not some ethereal pie-in-the-sky platitudes that don't play out in real life.  The principles are solid and down-to-earth, and they are things that you can distill and apply in your own life.I mentioned that I bookmarked a number of pages.  These pages had statements and thoughts that resonated with me, and that I wanted to make sure to revisit.  For instance, in the chapter on following your heart, Gallo pointed out that you don't always know where you will end up when you do that.  "Dots do not connect looking forward, Jobs would say. Dots only connect when you look backward. You must trust that, by following your curiosity, the pieces will ultimately fit."  How very true.  The future is unknowable, and often it only makes sense looking back.  But you can't live your life looking backward.  Another instance is in the chapter on thinking differently about design.  All too often we want to do everything and include everything in our products and life.  But that doesn't lead to a productive and disciplined life...  it just leads to a busy life.  He suggests that you follow the example of Jim Collins, the author of Good to Great, and think through a "stop doing" list.  Focus on the things that produce value in your product (and your life) and eliminate the chaff that distracts from that.  Once done, you stand a much greater chance of truly making a difference.You could probably spend time looking at the life of Steve Jobs and come up with a different list of "secrets" based on your own observations and viewpoints.  But Gallo's material is excellent, and I can't argue with any of his conclusions.  While not a perfect person by any means (and nobody is, anyway), Jobs has arguably made a significant different in our lives, and we could do well to incorporate some of his "secrets" in our own lives.Disclosure:Obtained From: PublisherPayment: Borrowed
At first glance, the novel appears to be a travel diary, or an exotic safari journal.  Perhaps Matthiessen thought the same when he began the journey.  But this is a novel that is penned from the heart and not by any distance travelled.  The journey that the author relates is as intangible as the snow leopard itself.As you can see above, the editors of Amazon deftly describe the beauty and storyline of "The Snow Leopard".  But no amount of praise can empart to the reader what truly lays waiting inside the pages of this novel.Matthiessen expertly transports the reader into his shoes.  The author ceases to exist less and less with each chapter.  The reader becomes the first person.  Halfway through the story, it is ~we~ who are the ones making this journey deep into the wilds of the Himilayas.  And by the end of the book, it is ~you~ who just may have found something you did not know you were searching for.  Enlightenment.The snow leopard Matthiessen speaks can be found by the reader, if you let it find you.  Read this book with an open heart and open mind, and it just may change your life forever.One reviewer bluntly summarised his opinion of this novel as "THE SNOW LEOPARD is the best book I've ever read. Period."  I agree.
Humorous, absurd, engaging, impossible yet believable (just barely), this is an amazingly zany and entertaining novel. The immensely egotistical Ignatius J. Reilly of New Orleans, Louisiana, sees himself out of place in the 20th century and lets everyone around him know about it.The cast of characters includes his long-suffering mother Irene Reilly, activist and philosophical counterpoint Myrna Minkoff, bar owner and pornographic photo star Lana Lee and especially the very funny janitor/vagrant Burma Jones, along with many other unique and memorable characters.Ignatius J. Reilly is thrown into the job market by his mother to help pay for damages they inflicted on a building with their automobile while arguing. The lead-up to that event opens the story and is a comedy in itself. As an employee, Ignatius turns every engagement into a wild ride until he gets predictably fired. The situations are zany yet not quite fantastic enough to dismiss.The dialogue is continuous, unpredictable and downright funny. The phrasing, the New Orleans dialect, the hilariously contrasting viewpoints of identical situations by those characters present, all combine to surprise and entertain from cover to cover.A unique aspect of plot development is the way scenes are portrayed and reader's focus is shifted from one to the next simultaneous event. The author paints excellent visual images of places and people that make one feel as though you are witness to a Broadway play or a television sitcom.I tried to rate this a 4-star book, but cannot think of any reason to deduct that fifth star. So 5-star it is.
When I was much younger and naive, I had read every single line of Joyce, including his letters and poems and even Finnegan's Wake (what a waste of time). I can't help it, the man was an amateur for all his life, a typical tinkerer and home improvement guy who probably never really found the kind of subject matter that could have distracted him from his self-consciousness. His short stories would barely be remembered these days if there wasnt his name under the title. They are imitation pieces, ventriloquistic exercises, and pretty flat and lifeless if held against Chekhov and Kipling, or Flaubert and Kathleen Mansfield.Joyce had his fair share of difficulties like everyone of us and at some point threw a Manuscript of 2,000 pages into the fireside. The legend goes that his sister Eileen rescued parts of it from the fire. (A similar legend surrounds the first draft of Nabokovs &Ograve;Lolita.&Oacute;) Joyce re-edited the remainders and with the help of Ezra Pound it was published under the title of &Ograve;A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man.&Oacute; Much later the remainders of the original draft appeared as &Ograve;Stephen Hero.&Oacute; If it had survived in full it would probably have been a very long and rather insufferable autobiographical novel about a clever young man realizing that he's too good for the society into which he's been born.An attitude the author never really changed: take for instance &Ograve;Nausicaa,&Oacute; the notorious masturbation scene in &Ograve;Ulysses.&Oacute; Superbly written as it is, it gives us the whole deficiency of Joyce in a nutshell. He imitates the presumptuous and pompous phrasing in certain fashion magazines of the period, but just tell me to what end? Is it to poke fun on the cliche beset thoughts of the crippled girl? Well I fail to see the joke, this is just cruel. Satire either attacks a subject that has the capacity to bite back, or it is merely an act of snobbery. Joyce, the writer, was a rather small character and in the sentiment of his period thought it to be cool to be &quot;anti-philistine.&quot;Apparently &quot;Dubliners&quot; and &quot;Portrait&quot; and especially &Ograve;Ulysses&Oacute; were written by an author who went on a quest for his own style. Finnegan's Wake eventually was the place where the eagle landed. I dont think I am alone in my opinion that Joyce had landed on the most barren rock in the entire Universe. Joyce had tons of talent to burn, but something went seriously wrong here. I am all for modern art, and consider the term &quot;post modern&quot; a phony contradiction in terms. But lesser talents accomplished more - DosPassos, O'Neil, Kafka, Proust, Marianne Moore, Auden, Hemingway, Nabokov, they all have their moments, even clowns like Bukowski and Douglas Adams (who is a linguistic genius in his own right.) Borges could put in 3 lines what took a Joyce 30 strenuous pages without ever achieving a comparable impact. With one exception.If we compare the &Ograve;Portrait&Oacute; with the leftovers from &Ograve;Stephen Hero&Oacute; we can see what good editing can accomplish. Joyce was very fond of copiously scribbling in the margins of the galley proofs, so the improvements in style are probably entirely his. The overall structure though (like that of T.S. Eliots &Ograve;Wasteland&Oacute;) might be based on suggestions by Ezra Pound. Pound also helped Joyce to find a publisher for the &Ograve;Portrait.&Oacute; It was the time when Joyce had been in his Flaubertian phase and emulated the Frenchmans method to present events strictly from the protagonists perspective and in terms of the characters faculties of perception. And what an emulation it is.Style is the most direct access to an artists temperament. Narrative style is a conveyor - only in essays and poems style is allowed to be a player. Approaching Joyce is an experience not dissimilar to &Ograve;The Approach to Al-Mutasim.&Oacute; After crossing through all the veils we step into an entirely empty room, like the Holy of Holies in the Jewish temple. Beyond the private circle of his life, Joyce had nothing to say. Catholicism and Thomas Aquinas philosophy leave you badly prepared, not only for the second law of thermodynamics and Special Relativity, but for democracy, a truly free Ireland, or sex with your wife, and life in general.Only in the &Ograve;Portrait&Oacute; Joyce managed to bring all the pieces together, and though I must say, that the throes of adolescence in the clutches of Catholicisms screwed morality and hygiene make not exactly my favorite read, what counts is HOW Joyce brings across his story. And he does it brilliantly. The book is full of flavors and sensuality. We hear the dull thud of the wet leather ball on the rugby pitch, shiver in the clammy dormitory, feel the slight vertigo of Stephens trance in the rocking train compartment. All this is fine writing except for the first part, when Joyce attempted to reproduce the mind-set of a small boy.His choice of words comes a tat too cute and betrays the condescending adult. Joyce was certainly not a Tolstoy, even not a Kipling. Nabokovs &Ograve;Speak Memory&Oacute; is a fine description of early childhood that respects the child. Joyce of course had no intention to glorify this particular childhood, or to be objective. He wrote out of his bitterness of something to be left behind, and the sooner the better. So the ventriloquism sometimes comes on a false note. Still with all these minor flaws, this is a major novel in the language and must read for the aspiring author.
I bought this book to read to my four-year-old son and to read to my first grade class. It wasn't fast-passed enough for my four-year-old, but my first graders really enjoyed it. Wendy Pfeffer is a fine writer who does a great job of telling the story of a seed turning into a pumpkin. This book is factual, but offers a lighthearted manner in which to teach children a science lesson for the day, My students liked this book so well that they didn't even realize they were actually learning new things about pumpkins.
On St. Valentine's Day, 1900, three girls and a teacher disappear from a school picnic at a local landmark called Hanging Rock. Only one of them will ever return. Picnic at Hanging Rock follows the events and fallout surrounding this mystery. The book is a view of the sublime: a natural wonder, concurrently beautiful and frightening, viewed through the eyes of those standing in its vast, dark shadow. At only 200 pages and written in a clean, clever voice, Picnic at Hanging Rock is a short book--but never simple. Its tone is at once gentle and morbid, equally suited to the dreamy hauntings and harsh fates that follow the events at Hanging Rock. Much of the book's complexity arises from the fact that its entire premise is an unsolved mystery. It offers more questions than answers, but it does so with quiet, thoughtful intent. In sprinklings of detail, dark implications, and suspicious events, the book sketches the shadow cast by Hanging Rock; its unsolved mysteries invite the reader into the story to engage and interpret, emerging with their own understanding of the events and their own view of that vast shadow--but perhaps no answers. The lack of answers is unsettling and for some readers may be unfulfilling, but those in search of something atmospheric and thoughtful, shadowed and intriguing, will do well to pick up Picnic at Hanging Rock. I recommend it.(I add in brief that I also recommend the film based on this book. The book and film are quite similar, but the book offers more detail while the film better capture the ghostly atmosphere. Each stands alone, but they are beautiful in tandem--perhaps best with the book first.)
The book is small and light and hard to hold in one hand while reading.  Story is excellent and a must read!
This book is useful to companies and individuals. The author bases this book on his experience with YouTube as a small entrepreneur selling handmade doll fashion from home with his partner and as a professional working at a university. He learned how to best utilize what YouTube has to offer in both instances.  ... Katarina Nolte
Tim Vick holds court once again in his latest work.  This book was full of interesting and useful information.  Having read everything there is to read about Buffett, I can still say that Tim's book was a refreshing and informative read nonetheless.  I highly recommend investors get a hold of this book.  The lessons within are priceless.  Want to do better on Wall Street? Read this book.
This is the perfect book for using concurrently with a medical school pharmacology course.  It is more complete and accurate than Lippincott and it contains amazing figures and graphs that help to delineate the differences between similar drugs, for example the catecholoamine receptor agonists.It would be difficult to get through this whole book if you started from scratch a month or two before the boards, but if you used it along with your pharmacology course then it is excellent for review.  Each chapter is followed by useful board-type questions that help you assess how much you have absorbed.In addition Lange offers this book in a size guaranteed to satisfy every customre.  If you use this book during the year and then study for the shelf using their &quot;USMLE Road Map: Pharmacology&quot; you will have a very easy time memorizing the facts from this smaller book, because it corresponds nicely to this medium-sized text.I think that this book is very well-organized. Possibly more importantly I think that the index and the appendixes make looking up drugs and side effects very easy which makes this book a great reference to keep even after you've taken Step I. It's still on my shelf and I have used it for reference during my third year clerkships.
I loved reading Backwards...what more can this reader ask for than a precisely woven tale that nimbly dodges paradox without slowing its breakneck pace.  I simply could not put this book down, once I began reading it.  Sadly, the BBC episode, although chock-full of disgusting restaurant scenes , failed to thoroughly address the Lister-Kochanski meld; rather , it should be called the M&ouml;bius strip of two people destined to be together forever...now, I am extremely glad that Lister, to his credit, never did 'nosh' on Kochanski's floury remains in Episode 1.
The illustrations alone were enough to make a child cower back in my day. I remember staying up all night once because the stories scared me so bad. I love this book!
There's always a concern when one returns to a childhood favorite, that one will be disappointed. I was not. The Marvelous Land of Oz is still delightful. Entering again into the United States' first and only true fairyland is still magical. It was fun to become reacquainted with the Scarecrow, the Tin Woodman, Glinda the Good, the Saw-Horse, Jack Pumpkinhead and to be reminded of how Ozma of Oz was found after being missing for many years.Okay, so there's a sprinkling of those dreaded adverbs as in: "What a nice man!" remarked Pumpkinhead, smilingly. (But it makes sense because his smile has been carved into his pumpkin head and is a permanent feature.)And: "Don't mention that to the Tin Woodman!" exclaimed the Scarecrow, earnestly. (But it makes sense because the Scarecrow is so earnest.)Anyway, these small things can SO be forgiven because there are such lovely pearls of wisdom scattered throughout the story. As is when the Scarecrow says, "Everything in life is unusual until you get accustomed to it." And when the Tin Woodman says, "Friends, I entreat you not to quarrel!...we are non of us above criticism; so let us bear with each others' faults."I'm convinced, once again, that everyone should read the Oz books to their children just as my mother read them to me.
This series continues to enthrall me with its historical details and engaging characters. Each book builds on the last, constructing a world firmly rooted in both reality and fantasy.
so biochem on step 1 from what I hear focuses on the clinical aspects of biochem (i.e., a problem in an enzyme and what disease does it cause). These cards are amazing, because they focus on clinical aspects that are tested on step 1. There really aren't any good biochem sources out there for step 1. Champe and Harvey is ok, but its too detailed, long, and focused on basic biochemistry principles more than the clinical aspects. These cards in my opinion are the gold standard at this point for biochem review for step 1. Use these with first aid and you are good to go. I also have rapid review biochem, but these cards are better.
...This book tells of the eccentric friendship between Violet, a budding screenwriter, and Claire, a girl who believes she is a Faerie. They're planning on writing a movie based on their lives, but it turns into anything but...and their life is more like the movie. They put their friendship on the line, but learn that they're best friends forever and need each other to survive.This book is a great reminder of the best things about friendship. It can remind you why you are so in tune with your best friend. I recommend this to everyone.It's not your average fairy tale. :)
This book is AMAZING if you are interested in computers or even remotely interested READ THIS BOOK provides a great ammount of great info A MUST READ!
In the world of job-seekers there are job-interviewers.  Most of job-interviewers are bad because:1) They were summoned at the last minute to interview you and didn't even read your resume2) They have no interviewing skills and have no ideas about (a) what they are looking for and (b) how to ask questions3) They just don't care of being good at what they do since the odds are in their favors and that there are no negative ramifications if they're not as good as they can be.This make a lot of job-interviewers throw questions at you.  Just because they don't know what to ask or simply because it is intellectually more difficult to come up with a good probing questions.I have some of these guys ask if you have a question and then ask again and again and again.They are putting the burden on you to talk, but at the same they just surrender the control of the interview to you.  This is your opportunity to shine, and this excellent book will help you do just that.The more time you spend reading and memorizing questions, the better your interviewing skills will be.  The structure of the book is excellent and the way questions are structure makes it easy to use the book as a reference even when you're taking an interview on the phone!This gave me an edge, and I've impressed more than one interviewers with my questions.  If you do your research ahead of time and demonstrate that you have a good the knowledge of the company and its industry, there's no reason for you not to perform well.A must have in your personal library.
I have to admit that this is the most interesting books I've ever read. If you want to know how the basics of life all tie together and form the world and existance around you then this is for you. This book has seriously opened up the world to me. I cannot look at anything around me like I used to. I recommend getting and reading this book solo. The way it is written makes it perfectly understandable without a teacher or professor of any kind. Everything is spelled out clearly with simple everday comparisons and examples. There are a ton of useful problems to work on to assist in cementing your knowledge in place. Seriously though I really can't think of any other book I've ever read that was more interesting than this one. Pick it up and prepare to see your world unfold in front of you as a new and chaotic, complex and beautifully organized universe.
This is probably the best thriller I've read in the last 2 or 3 years.  The characters are believable, the action is dizzyingly fast, and the plot is not an insult to one's intelligence.  In fact, quite the opposite -- the book actually gets you to think about some big issues, not least the danger of having an utterly amoral person in the White House.  I also found Fullilove's protagonist refreshing. Yes he's macho, handsome, and brilliant -- the usual thriller virtues.  But he also has flaws, faults and fears.  There is none of the cartoony quality that you find in so many best-selling thrillers.Fullilove also does an excellent job with the Washington background (something tells me he must have had some career connection with the world of intelligence, but if not he's certainly done his homework).  I also liked the fact that the books various crises and disasters grow out of the failures and miscalculations of ordinary people -- just like in real life.  Truly superior!
Project management is a topic of longstanding interest. It has taken on new importance and universality in the Digital Age. When the primary mode of organization is the network, it may be said that everyone is becoming involved in project management.Alexander Laufer is a professor with deep background in project management--including with NASA, the greatest traditional project manager of all. In this book, Laufer presents a series of case studies that exemplify issues in: new product development; repeated and risky tasks; organizational change; and complex projects. The projects are predominantly in the aerospace/defense sector.The book's epilogue is a concise summary of best practices for project management. Some readers may shake their heads at a few of the practices--e.g., "Do Your Utmost to Recruit the Right People"--which may seem rather.... obvious. Nonetheless, they're all important.This book can hold value for anyone new to project management, or who is taking on increasing project management responsibility. The opening and closing chapters are excellent summations of the issues. The reader may want to think of this primarily as a reference, focusing on the case studies that are most relevant to their own situation.
Wes Moss shares personal stories from 18 people who created a better life and increased incomes for themselves. Reading about how someone else did it, is always motivating and insightful. These stories will inspire you, give you ideas and help you to create a better life for yourself while helping you create success.
Everyone should enjoy these "twists" on classic tales. I mean once I finished the first story I couldn't put the book down.Emma Donoghue does a fantasic job of reshaping these stories so that they not only portray new and enlightening points of view, but also keep there supernatural sort of air to them.The way the tales are connected at the end of each is phenominal.This book, for sure, is a keeper.Although these are fairy tales,I think this book would be better appreciated by readers aleast in their teens; not necessarily because of content or any other related thing, but more for understanding... and therefore enjoyment. And EVERYONE should enjoy.
"This writing is so powerful that it steals your breath...."The above is a quote from the Milwaukee Journal, about this novel. They took the words right out of my mouth.I always read the back-cover and inside-cover blurbs about a book, but I usually take them with a grain of salt, as they say.The edition I read of this novel had eight pages of blurbs at the beginning, AND I THINK THEY WERE ALL ACCURATE; for example: "A stunning performance." (New York Times Book Review); "Evocative and haunting...." (Wall Street Journal); "This book is persuasive in the desperate hope that stories can save us." (Publisher's Weekly); "It is the ultimate, indelible image of war in our time, and in time to come." (Los Angeles Times); "The Things They Carried is as good as any piece of literature can get...." (Chicago Sun-Times); "Go out and get this book and read it." (The Veteran). And much more--all to the point that this is an astonishingly good book.It's specifically about the war in Vietnam, but it's actually about any war, particularly the new kind of war where the enemy does not wear a uniform and can lurk anywhere, where civilians and enemy soldiers look the same, where no "front" exists, where the young men (and now women) live in constant tension, waiting for an unseen enemy to attack.O'Brien served in Vietnam and the stories told here ring of absolute truth, but through several digressions he tells us that the events are invented, but true, nevertheless. He says, "I want you to feel what I felt. I want you to know why story-truth is truer sometimes than happening-truth....What stories can do, I guess, is make things present." I have read very few books that seemed as present as this one.I wish I were still teaching, so that I could assign this book to my students. For one thing, it provides textbook-worthy examples of the skillful use of language and detail to create impact. But more importantly, it conveys ideas that are important today. O'Brien says, "But this too is true; stories can save us."I wish I could make this book required reading for everyone.
I'm a physicist, but not a particle physicist. I like reading books written for the layperson. I can broaden my knowledge a bit, and for topics I know well I can enjoy reading how someone else explains these topics. It's always helpful to have a background in physics when reading these kinds of books, but I think this book would read well for any curious reader.It seemed like a fascinating mystery novel to me. Even though I knew what the book was building up to (the Standard Model), I was excited to see how the plot unfolded. The writing is very smooth and comfortable. I had a hard time putting it down. I brought it to the beach with me.I recommend reading it twice. If you read it carefully the first time and are still confused, then a second read might straighten much of that out. You may find that some topics are still confusing. With this subject, you can't expect miracles!I'm glad the author mentioned string theory. Some particle physicists are so defensive about the Standard Model that they wouldn't mention string theory. For further study on string theory, read Elegant Universe by Brian Greene.Overall, a great book! Well written, and fun to read.
The Jewish Holidays by Michael Strassfeld gives a fairly comprehensive summary of the major Jewish Holidays.  It describes the rituals for kashering a kitchen and preparing for Passover,the varying interpretations during the Omer Period.  Much of the meanings behind the holidays are explained as well as some history.  Changes over the course of time are explained as well as variations between different Jewish Communities.  A nice read which is effective if not overly exciting.
This is, hands down, the most wonderful book I've read in the past ten years. Enthralling, moving, thought-provoking, couldn't-put-it-down wonderful.
Sanyika Shakur was a dedicated soldier in the combat zone of south central, LA. His committment and dedication to his set is equal to being a &quot;squared away&quot; soldier in an elite division of the armed forces. He chronicles the infancy of the LA street bloods and explains how young african-american boys are lured into the gang subculture. He explains the torturous initiation down to the &quot;day to day&quot; responsibility of being a gang member. After a number of years of &quot;putting in work&quot; and finally achieving &quot;og&quot; status, &quot;Monster&quot; Kody Scott evolves into  Sanyika Shakur after spending time in the toughest penal institutions California has to offer. This book goes into great detail on how comitted Scott was to his gang. His dedication is admirable, but unfortunately his efforts were for the wrong cause. Gangs, in my humble opinion are for followers, and I also question the validity of Shakur's writing skills
This amazing book is a posthumous collection of previously published articles delineating the highest known levels of human development in a descriptive, scientific manner.  These include not only his famous Self-Actualization but also transcendent levels within S-A.  He describes his methods, distinguishing scientists from technicians, carefully suggests further research; explores both individual & society development/potentials, provides extensive descriptions of Being-Values demonstrated by highly developed people, associated metamotivation/metaneeds/peak & plateau experiences/ultimate values vs. polarities & pp. 21-5: "Metapathologies...the spiritual or philosophical or existential ailments...deficiency diseases...From the point of view that I have outlined, normalcy would be rather the kind of sickness or crippling or stunting that we share with everybody else & therefore didn't notice."  Many of his observations are consistent with Zen, Taoism, & Tibetan Buddhist Dzogchen & Mahamudra--relating ego to Self (p. 159: "In all of these peak experiences it becomes impossible to differentiate between the self & the non-self...self-transcendence, not of self-obliteration," full humanness, leading a heavenly life in the here & now (p. 108: "Being & Becoming are, so to speak, side by side, simultaneously existing, now"), Rigpa/integration (p. 111: "Unitive consciousness...is the ability to simultaneously perceive in the fact--the is--its particularity & its universality; to see it simultaneously as here & now, & yet also as eternal, or rather to be able to see the universal in & through the particular & the eternal in & through the temporal & momentary" vs. dichotomizing, spontaneity & nonmeditation (pp. 126-7: Being can mean...effortless spontaneity...the `end' of developing, growing, & becoming").  While hypothesizing that America is a growing tip or Cosmic experiment, he also notes some current societal problems/roadblocks to S-A: p. 352: "The confounding of sex & dominance in the human being," p. 363: "All human beings, including children, `need a value system'...If there is no adult value system, then a child or adolescent value system will be embraced," & p. 229: "One can judge the level at which people live by the kind of humor that they laugh at."  However, he asserts that p. 265: "To be a full member of the human species does not mean repudiating the lower levels; it means rather including them...enjoying the differences" & that p. 334: "The Bodhisattvic path is an integration of self-improvement & social zeal, i.e. the best way to become a better `helper' is to become a better person.  But one necessary aspect of becoming a better person is via helping other people.  So one must & can do both simultaneously."While not necessarily an easy read (esp. with its long lists of traits), the author provides many approaches to make the incomprehensible understandable.  His approach is scientific yet humanistic, demonstratively describing his positive vision.  This is not only a classic of psychology but a brilliant, groundbreaking effort.
This book took an item we take for granted today, salt, and discussed its history. Some have criticized the author for including so many recipes.  I disagree. Salt is used in cooking after all, and to put salt into a proper context we need to witness how it was used.I enjoyed how the author wove the various aspects of the salt trade into a coherent history. For instance, that salt was so important in wartime never struck me before, though it seems obvious now.A good, hard to put down read, Salt: A World History is a good book for people who like history, economics or the culinary arts.
Aaaah... Rushdie, a man of such wit and controversy. And I know nothing of it (yet), save for his gift for whisking me back to the warmth of simple tales when the world was just picture books and rhymes. Haroun, Rashid, and their Ocean of Notions kept a smile on my face the whole way through. There are two ways to read this book. First as a child, appreciate it for being a lush and engrossing tale. As an adult, you can draw some heady musings on authoritarian rule and freedom of creativity and learn the context in which Rushdie wrote this book. The bad guy is a sniveling, talentless bureaucrat? Brilliant! Now I gotta crack those Satanic Verses...
An interesting inside look at how the series Pride and Prejudice was made. As always accuracy and attention to detail showed in this excellent production. Even the fabric chosen for dresses was in keeping with the time period. Great theatre, great TV, great book!
Get past the first two chapters! I first picked up this book and then put it down. I don't know if it was Frank's boring personality of the first chapters or what. A few months later I found I had nothing to read and gave it a second chance. Trust me once Claire goes back in time and meets Jamie the book never gets boring again.I commend Diana on her way with words. The book is long but you never get stuck in one location or detailing for long. Her words are magic in your mind and you fall in love with the main characters.Claire is easily loved and you root for her throughout the book. She is intelligant and tasteful. She is a great lead in the book and you never feel sorry for her because she is a realistic person. Diana Gabaldon has created a wonderful well rounded female lead.I can't imagine anyone not liking this book. So my review is that everyone who is looking at this should just purchase it. This book really blows away the plots of Fifty shades of Grey and (I hate to say it) Twilight. While those were fun reads, Outlander reaches even deeper into you then those superficial plotted books above.Thank you Diana for such a wonderful wonderful book.
A well written horror story that start off abit on the gruesome side but evolves to tell a shockingly vivid portrait of evil and the stuggle to come to grips with it, I did not want thisone to end it was that well written. Very character driven and moves along at a good pace but takes the time to let the reader get to the know the good and the bad characters. Scene after scene of unbelievable imagination! Just a great horror story from one of my very favorite horror writers. Look forward to seeing this one on the big screen!
Jeff Liker walks the talk.  This alone makes this book truly credible and makes it a necessary read for each of us seeking process excellence.In this latest effort, Prof. Liker and coauthor Jim Franz take us deeper than kanban and hoshin kanri to the real philosophy behind Toyota's consistent expertise in manufacturing.  The authors use insight and experience to tell the story of WHY Toyota has achieved excellence.  The consistent theme is the PDCA cycle (Plan-Do-Check-Adjust).  This practice is not new; Demming gave it to the world years ago.  But just as the concert pianist and brand new piano student can both play a C-Scale, the master has done it longer, better, with more nuance and breadth.  So Toyota has more deeply understood the learning from PDCA than any of the rest of us.Most useful, to me, were sections such as chapter 5; "Lean Out Processes or Build Lean Systems?"  In these more philosophical chapters, Liker and Franz both force and lead the leader into deeper understanding of WHY;  why does Lean work for Toyota when it seems to underperform for others?  Is it a kanban card which sparkles more brightly?  Is it better charts on the wall?  Or is it the investment in people made in the context of process excellence?  And, if so, just why is this the case?It's a long book.  You won't read it in one setting.  Similar to Liker's other books, there is just a lot to work through.  There are more case studies here which will add for some readers and clutter for others.  But, face it, it is tough to make a process-oriented business work so don't be surprised you'll have to work to understand this at a depth to be sufficiently useful.This book reaches the level of Womack and Jones' "Lean Thinking" and Spears' "Chasing the Rabbit" as necessary books for Lean leaders to read and know.
This was a pretty good book ~ somewhere between enjoyable and technical.  Definitely dry, but did help me understand bioenergetics therapy and it's origins.
What an education! Not since my love affair with Tom Wolfe's stuff have I learned so many pithy phrases and such wonderful jargon. This is a world in which space and time can be measured in meaningful handshakes, in which  muffins work for pols, and scorps can make or break you, and in which a  campaign isn't just swept clean, it's dust-busted.  I laughed out loud  for the first of many times when the candidate, Governor Jack Stanton, was  described as being "in heavy listening mode, the most aggressive listening  the world has ever known: aerobic listening." And I had to love the  narrator, Henry, who, like me, hates books with broken spines: "I was  willing to endure personal discomfort to maintain the integrity of a  spine."  Without giving it all away, Stanton is a candidate who has it  all - charm, looks, a "touch" with the people, and a taste for Dunkin'  Donuts, Fat Willie's barbecue, and Fat Willie's... well, that would be  giving too much away. Read the book. As Henry puts it, "This was, if you  could stand back from it, a wonderfully intricate game."
The book begins with a story on how Mark himself "got" Twitter after spending some time trying to figure it out. There are also many other stories in the book on how Twitter has been both beneficial and fun, and these stories are the strongest part of the book. Mark knows how to write an engaging and persuasive story, and his tales provide valuable insights on how to make Twitter an integral and enriching part of your life. Most of the stories are also unique to this book, and not the usual success stories.His stories may make you all excited about Twitter, but he does not stop there. The book also provides clear guidelines on how to get the most out of Twitter, which Mark calls the Tao of Twitter: establishing targeted connections, creating and sharing meaningful content, and being genuinely helpful. Mark carries on to provide practical advice on how to pursue this path, some in detail although not in great length.The Tao of Twitter is easy to read in a single evening. It is short, but long enough to provide a basic instruction manual on Twitter that Mark set out to create, and it is a good primer on Twitter. As for convincing someone who does not know Twitter at all to join in, it all depends on how well the stories are received.
This 1993 memoir by one of the world's leading ethnobotanists takes readers on a very personal (and erudite) ride into the mysterious, vanishing northeast Amazon rainforests and the cultures which inhabit them. Mark Plotkin's encounters with these cultures are deftly told here; his anedoctes are often humorous, complex, and packed with information. In fact, the book eventually takes on the structure of the classic Hero's Journey: a callow young scientist goes to Amazon to conquer the world, meets various mentors of almost supernatural dimensions, becomes humbled and changed by the process, and ends up a passionate defender of the rainforest and its people. Though Plotkin has learned from a number of shamans, he hasn't undertaken a traditional apprenticeship (i.e.; learning how to heal) so don't look for any shamanic secrets in this book. There is no New Age "I'm a Shaman, I took a workshop" kind of payoff here. Nor does he share any sacred information, nor any information about indigenous plants which were not already known before this book was published. In fact, Plotkin tells of setting up Shamans and Apprentices programs in native villages (which he raises money to fund), where young men and women of the villages can undergo the lengthy hardships of a true apprenticeship, as a way of keeping traditional knowledge within the tribes.Nor should you expect to find the recipes for any magical rainforest cures in this book. Though rainforests have been touted as a "Jungle Pharmacy", Plotkin tells us that plant medicines have usually been stolen from the people who developed them. Plotkin worked briefly as a consultant for the progressive company Shaman Pharmaceuticals (now defunct) to try to bring some promising rainforest medicines to market - and to pay substantial royalties for these medicines to the indigenous people who had discovered and developed them. The royalty program was set up by Plotkin's mentor, the great Richard Evans Schultes of Harvard, a man who always taught his students humility when faced with the breadth and depth of indigenous knowledge. It was also Schultes who taught: "Be aware that as you climb the ladder of success, people below you are looking at your behind [I'm giving you the censored version here]."  In other words, passionate, daring, articulate, and successful people like Plotkin will always be criticized - but usually for all the wrong reasons!What I like most about Tales is its extraordinary range and complexity - and as such it mirrors both the rainforest it describes and the shamans it honors. Give this book to a teenager you love, and hope that it will inspire them to grow up truly engaged in this wonderfully diverse world that Plotkin writes about so well.
what happens when sammy the adventrous seal leaves the zoo for a day? he goes to the city finds a school full of kids and new things to do and he even learns to read.
This book brings back great memories. It was always a favorite of mine. This is how I learned the months of the year. This is one that I had to share with my own children.
I first read this when in high school, now at 40 I have just reread it.  As with all of Stenbeck's books it is beautifully written. I don't consider it his most interesting book but it is one of my favorites.  His  compassionate observations of America and Americans are as relevant now as  they were in 1960.  You will cringe with disgust when he describes the  &quot;cheerleaders.&quot;  (Unfortunately such people and attitudes still  exist in our society.)Some have complained that this book plods along.  I'll admit that it is a bit slow at times but comic books don't plod, but  they aren't great literature either.Read this book and you will love  this man - not only for his writing but for who he was and what he  believed.
Dark Victory: Ronald Reagan, MCA, and the MobDan. E. Moldea has specialized in investigating organized crime, and has written for many publications. This book is about Ronald Reagan and his relationship to MCA, the powerful entertainment conglomerate. Show business, Hollywood and TV, play an important role in adjusting the thinking, wants, and buying habits of the public. They have more effect on people's lives than many churches. There are questions and allegations about Reagan and MCA. Are there links to organized crime (p.2)? MCA owns the largest motion picture and television production companies in the United States, and other businesses (p.3). In the 1940s Hollywood shifted its attention away from organized crime to the Communist menace (p.5). President Kennedy's term saw an investigation of anti-trust violations; it was settled out of court (p.6). MCA's executives made Reagan a multi-millionaire overnight, before he was made Governor. Reagan appointed "known  associates of organized crime" to his campaign staff and later to positions in the Reagan administration. [This book must have been written before the drug smuggling and money laundering operations known as "Contragate" became public knowledge.]Chapter 1 has the history of MCA and how it developed with the spread of radio and records, entertainment for the masses. Chapter 2 tells how organized crime developed in Chicago, moved into legal businesses and bought political protection. [No mention of strike-breaking or business rivalries.] They then moved into Hollywood and its cash-rich businesses. Will Hays hired gangsters to break unions (p.26). Payoffs to the union officers saved many millions in wages and benefits (p.27).  Chapter 4 tells how the studios used union bosses to keep wages  low and control their workers (p.37). The next chapters tell of anti-trust suits against MCA, and its business with competitors. It tells how big business and the Federal government acted for mob-controlled unions. The anti-trust ruling in the Paramount case allowed banks and others to finance motion pictures (p.80). The removal of Communists from Hollywood was followed by the increased involvement of organized crime (Chapter 11). The Kefauver Committee investigated organized crime (Chapter 12). They did not call Korshak (p.91). The Mafia was too powerful for Kefauver (p.92). Chapter 15 tells of Senator Barry Goldwater's friends (pp.118-119).Chapter 21 explains MCA's monopoly: a "blanket waiver". The Anti-Trust Division said this was a conspiracy between MCA and SAG (p.166). Chapter 23 has Ronald Reagan's grand jury testimony from Feb. 1962. His memory was "hazy on a great many things" (p.183). Reagan didn't want to over-expose himself, and would not do commercials (p.188)! One of Reagan's concerns was a pension plan for himself (p.194). Moldea explains 11-22-1963 on page 234. Reagan made a commercial for Goldwater (p.235). After this he was picked for governor (p.238). Was the sale of Reagan's ranch too good to be true (pp.240-241)? The remaining chapters cover the later career of Ronald Reagan, the business of MCA, and their symbiotic relationship. Reagan's link to MCA brought him wealth and fame. The 'Epilogue' tells how Ronald Reagan tried to give away the publicly owned airwaves; "no antitrust problems" (p.307). Should the tried and proven anti-trust laws be junked because of "new economic realities" (p.313)? Should failure be rewarded? MCA's conflict with James Garner is on page 314. This section also tells about Lew Wasserman and Sidney Korshak. President Reagan cutback on the FBI's crime fighting and on other Federal investigations (p.319). Next he reduced funds to state and local authorities (p.320). Was Reagan a "fraud" (p.321)? The quiet scandals are listed here (p.324).This book is very informative but sort of drags in parts due to its length.
Elsewhere on Amazon I reviewed Kernighan's "Elements of Programming Style." To quote one paragraph from that review -Brian Kernighan has co-authored three books almost essential to learning our craft, this volume, "Software Tools" and "The Unix Programming Environment". "Elements of Programming Style" spells out the fundamental rules, "Software Tools" shows you how to apply them to a number of simple projects and extends the rules to software design and finally "The Unix Programming Environment" shows you how to use them in an operating system designed to reward you for your effort.This volume starts with a short, excellent preface detailing some of the early history of Unix and explaining the structure of the book and the philosophy behind it . The preface states "Our goal in this book is to communicate the UNIX programming philosophy ... throughout runs the themes of combining programs and of using programs to build programs." It delivers on that goal.The book then follows with a series of chapters that start with basic shell commands and then pipes before branching out into shell programming and going on to explore useful Unix tools such as grep, sed, awk, C, the standard libraries, make, yacc and lex through a series of small useful programs culminating in a small calculator language called `hoc' - a useful calculator and easily extensible.While most might feel that grep, sed, awk and shell programming have been replaced by tools such as Perl and Python these early chapters provide a good grounding in Unix programming and remind newer users of the power and usefulness of these simple Unix tools.Briefly covered in a final chapter are some of the document preparation tools based on troff - the macro packages ms, mm and of course the man package used for Unix man pages along with tbl and eqn for tables and mathematical equations respectively.In totality it provides an excellent grounding in writing good, workable software for Unix. The writing is clear and concise, the volume well laid out, the examples are in the main useful, though a few rely on multiple users of the one machine, not as common now that Linux and Sun have made a Unix computer more of a desktop machine than a minicomputer.This is a classic book and I would recommend it to all starting out Unix programming, regardless of your experience with other operating systems. Ignore it's age, computer books are rarely this good and almost never this timeless.
This was a a very interesting and informative book! I would recommend it to all those interested in the Occult. It tells us what NOT TO DO! I feel that,  that is VERY IMPORTANT!!
Who says I am not capable of change?When I first say this book I was turned off by what I perceived as its "positive thinking power" approach.  I am glad I did not stop there.  A careful reading revealed the book to contain a systematic process which helps define the importance of mental models, assess their relevance and steps for action.The authors propose a four step process for assessing and changing your models.1. Recognize the power and limits of mental models.2. Test the relevance of your models against the changing environment, generate new models and develop an integrated portfolio.3. Overcome change inhibitors by reshaping infrastructure and thinking.4. Transform your world by quick action.  Continuously experiment, assess and strengthen your models.This fourth point, the authors say, is accomplished by "zooming in" and "zooming out."  Zooming in is a process that involves focusing of a situation's details without being over whelmed by them.  The process includes these approaches:1. Engage in rigorous analysis.  Pay attention to outliers and inconsistencies.2. Categorize and Prioritize.  Categorize by similarity, common fate and continuation.3. Avoid Paralysis caused by too broad a focus.Zooming out allows you to look at the big picture.  It is accomplished by:1. Recognizing the limits of your vision field.2. Avoid Cognitive fixation.3. Appreciate the context.4. Create time for reflection.5. Use many approaches.6. Collaborate.The models you adopt shape your approach to life.  The dot-bomb bubble provides interesting lessons, the authors say.1. Understand your models.2. Know when to change.  Do not get swept away with fads.3. Recognize that paradigm shifts are a two-way street.  Old models have value in an e-commerce world.4. Develop a new way to see and perceive.5. Mine nuggets of sense from streams of complexity.6. Experiment.7. Bridge disconnects.8. Examine your infrastructure.9. Trust your intuition - but have the courage to challenge it.To change your world, you have to change your thinking.  This book is a thoughtful, systematic approach expanding your personal and business opportunities.
This book should be required reading for every woman in America.  Period.  Brilliant, haunting, genius.  I've read it a million times and never tire of it.  One of the modern classics.
For Hannah Arendt, Adolf Eichmann's trial in Jerusalem was deeply unsatisfying and morally perturbing.  For Arendt, there was no doubt that Eichmann was guilty, and that he deserved the death penalty.  But for her the question was who ought to have been on trial, and who ought to have been the judge and jury.For Israeli prosecutors to condemn Eichmann as the chief architect of the Holocaust and to condemn him to death for orchestrating the mass slaughter of Jews was for Arendt to completely miss the point.  Eichmann was just a mere functionary in the Nazi regime, a man who in his own words was just good at following orders, and whose virtues were his organizational ability (he was in charge of transporting Jews) and his obedience.  As anyone who saw Eichmann in the flesh could testify, he was more a weak and pathetic and stupid man than he was a psychopath.  He was obsessed with success, and thought highly of Hitler because Hitler had gone from a lance corporal to the fuhrer.  In many ways, Eichmann was more indicative of the Nazi regime than anyone else.  Even the SS ferreted out psychopaths as dangerous elements, and the Nazi regime prided itself on its organizational efficiency in carrying out orders.  In this way, and the real horror here, the Nazi regime was typical of many twentieth century mass society bureaucracies.  And in their bureaucratic tunnel vision, the Nazis were not intent on just eliminating all Jews -- they wanted to eliminate everyone who didn't fit their limited definition of Aryanism.  In this way, the Nazis were committing a crime against all humanity, destroying all that was normal and sane and just in society.  (Eichmann as a man who obeyed and thus supported a regime that was intent on murderously practicing its intolerance couldn't complain when society deemed his presence on the earth no longer tolerable.)  But if that is the case then Eichmann should have been tried for crimes against humanity, and condemned to death by an international tribunal.Eichmann claimed that obedience was a virtue, but as Arendt points out if the law and the state are both criminal, then the only virtue is disobedience.  And if enough good people disobey the law and the state cannot operate.  She points to countless examples, primarily in the Scandavinian countries, where by refusing to participate many individuals made the Holocaust impossible to implement in their home countries.  Eichmann may not have killed anyone, but his obedience was enough to condemn him because it was the obedience of banal individuals like him that made the Nazi regime function."Eichmann in Jerusalem" is a prophecy, more than just a report.  More than anyone else in her time, Hannah Arendt grasped the dark forces that a combination of bureaucratism, technology, and ancient human intolerance could unleash in the world.  What is to stop another bureaucracy from using technology to effortlessly and painlessly murder all those under a certain IQ?, Hannah Arendt asks.  And when that were to happen, how would we interpret and condemn such an action?  Could the Eichmann trial serve as a precedent and as a warning?  Unfortunately, because of the way it was handled or mishandled, it cannot.
"There are two kinds of economists: Those who think the free market always works, except when the results don't suit them; and those who think the free market never works, except when the results do suit them." - from the IntroductionThis book is an unabashed defense of free market capitalism.  It makes a clear and cogent case against goverment intervention and command economies and for allowing the free market to work. It's fast and easy to read, and it illustrates the author's point without confusing jargon or theoretical constructs. In the current economy, with those who are and who would like to be in power almost universally arguing that the answer is increased regulation, this book is a refreshing alternate point of view. The author clearly explains how all the problems facing the world - energy, the environment, trade, immigration, taxes, health care, investment, and the aging population- can all be handled by the free market, *if it is allowed to work*.If you are a person who believes in the free market, this book will give you the information you need to convince others. If you are a person who is concerned about the global economy, but not sure how to fix it, give this book a read. If you are a person who strongly believes that the purpose of government is to correct economic differences, and that government is always or nearly always the answer to every problem, you probably shouldn't bother.  Because this book is unashamed to say that most of the time, government regulations that subvert the will of the market are the problem, not the solution.This book cannot truly be said to be Republican or Democrat, Conservative or Liberal, because it has something to offend the beliefs of all of those groups. But it might be closer to the truth than any of us would like to admit.
What I like about Paul Auster is just that I think  plot is not really play an important part in his book (am I right?)  ....Most of his works is Just about a confuse guy wondering around in search of something. A cliche theme even for a postmodern work. But Auster is a fun author to read.My fav. page is 7.And a nice choice of number indeed to start it all.
The recipes and pictures offer the cook opportunities to vary the spread for their own exclusive tea! Well worth the read and the use of the very tasty recipes.
Frederic Morton's A Nervous Splendor is a wonderfully entertaining read about Vienna in 1888/89.  It ends with the suicide of Crown Prince Rudolf but before that event this book of a city captures the personalities of such people as Sigmund Freud, Arthur Schnitler, Gustav Mahler and Theodor Herzl.  It was an amazing time in this city and the author brings together all of these highs and lows of politics, art, culture, and society into a delightful tapestry.  The reader truly gets a feel for this city and these people and part of the joy, for the reader, is knowing what the future will hold for many of these characters, such as the struggling Freud.  This is not a work of anaylitical history.  One does not understand why this time and this city but the reader can sit back and enjoy the ride through this slice of history.
This was an interesting story of two friends and their dreams that are brought to a halt.  I saw the story as a picture of the ugliness of humanity, apparently harmless but capable of atrocity if pushed to the edge of one's weaknesses.  Even the `competent' friend in the story, George, could not achieve his dreams.  He was impotent to find happiness.  I thought the story was fascinating.  I could not put the book down, and I read the book in about three hours.
This book was great because of the skills that were addressed.  The skills were the methods to influence an organization or a person.  It talked about the pointlessness of using verbal logic to promote meaningful change in people.  This seemed to strike me because of the act of preaching every week.  You certainly can use words to influence people, but these are the supporting acts to the major actions of influence.  There are about six various methods or influences on that one can exert to influence positive change.  A lot of the influencers are works that a good church would be using.  They include modeling, social networks, and truth telling.  The book is a must read for elders and preachers because of the advice on influencing.  As workers in the church, we are to influence people to be more Christlike.  A great read for ministry, from a book that deals with business.
Okay, there have been 267 reviews of this book at the time that I am making my contribution.  I am not sure that I will be able to say anything too new or innovative, but I will say that this book is extremely well written, and very suspenseful.  Tartt creates some extremely memorable characters.  Tartt also nails her depiction of New England... the way it's described, one doesn't even need to visit it. But you may just want to after reading this...Of note is the way that Tartt creates a mood, and enough tension to have your knuckles turn white from holding the book too tightly.  It's a testament to Tartt's narrative skill that I stayed awake on the train both to and from work while I was involved in this book.  So why 4 stars? I do feel that this book tends to run on a little bit too long.  Once we feel the main action has been achieved, we have another 100 pages to deal with even more unraveling.  It gets to be a bit much, and if Tartt had ended her story a little earlier, it would have made a tighter novel overall.  However, the rest of this book is tightly and wonderfully written.
Much as I dislike such categorization - this book is possibly the best I ever read. Over the past 20 years, I have often re-read it, entirely or in parts, and was amazed to find how it never failed to delight me afresh. Yet  what exactly makes it stand apart? Is it Steinbeck's sure-footed style that  allows him to choose the words that exactly describe a mood or situation?  Is it the structure: Narrative chapters alternating with descriptive ones?  Is it the poetic quality? Is it the dwelling on scenes which appear  unremarkable, until somone points out their beauty? Is it the compassion  and humor? Is it Steinbeck's wisdom and deep understanding of what is  really important in life and what is not? Is it the proximity of sadness  and laughter, despondency and flippancy?Probably it's the combined  effect of all of these put together.
A remarcable book on a remarcable theme. Jean Baptiste Grenouille, a bastard boy from the fishmarket in 1800-Paris, discovers that he is a genius. He is to be the greatest perfumer of all time. Jean Baptiste is born with no body scent of his own, but he has a special ability to smell all scents, and to pick out one scent from another. He will use this ability to make the perfect parfume, the smell of love itself, and on his way to master this art he has no hesitations.The story is told through Jean Baptiste, and Patrick S&uuml;skind masters the art of the written word. We are placed inside Jean Baptiste's mind, and can almost smell as he does on his hunt for the perfect smellsThe book is a short read, and when you start it is not easy to put the book down untill it is read through , untill the remarcable end of the story.Britt Arnhild Lindland
I have had this book for the past seven years and everytime some new problem comes up, there is something you can find related in this book! The book is very comprehensive and has a lot of breadth and reasonable depth. Although, if you want to go deep into a particular topic like Language processing or Bayesian Networks, or anything, the book will give you a good broad understanding, some basics and useful pointers to literature. That's the most useful way I found to use this book. Of course, the recent online course from the authors relied heavily on this book (although they used the latest edition) and helped to further strengthen the concepts. Best book to get started on most AI topics. Highly recommended.
I found this book to be an excellent resource, except for one issue: The first chapter. My theory is that the author wrote the whole book, then decided to coin an umbrella term for all his views: the "momentum effect". He must have then proceeded to write the first chapter, with the sole purpose of cementing this buzz word. The chapter is extremely low on substance and is a horrible introduction to the rest of the book. The author did not place himself in the shoes of the reader. I almost wanted to throw the book away after reading that chapter.Fortunately, my patience was rewarded by the good content of the subsequent chapters. Here are some of my selected highlights:p 61 [*] the importance of exploration - go out and visit the custumer! If it isn't messy and confusing, you're not doing it right![*] instead of the analytical approach, get out of the comfort zone of the working environment and visit customers and employees (stakeholders)[*] don't do market analysis using a representative customer sample group."the in-depth discovery of a few non-representative customers is essential for unveiling compelling insights!" go to the fringe customers -- the single customer perhaps who is ahead of the crowd.[*] after gaining compelling insight from there, you can do wider research.[*] it's no longer about who is large and how is small -- but about who understands their customers.p 68 [*] narrow view of customer value - "customer myopia"[*] if you believe that (1) truth is unique,(2) functionality is everything and that(3) rationality is reality -- you are wrong!p 78 (2) consider functional, financial, intangible and, the most powerful of all -- emotional value.[*] "deep emotional drivers like fear and pleasure are the most powerful drivers behind customer purchase decisions"[*] "emotional drivers play a critical role in even the most rational business environments"(3) in business, perception is reality!p 83 [*] "Customer value drives business, *not products*"![*] "products are only transitory, temporary vehicles to carry value from a firm to its customer"[*] "a product has *no intrinsic, absolute value*. Different customers perceive different value from the same product."[*] "perception of value does not follow a universally agreed rationality" -- the most powerful drivers are emotional, intangible[*] "customer value must be continuously optimized by decreasing customer costs, increasing customer benefits and exploring alternative customer groups."p 139 [*] The vicious circle in momentum deficient firms:[*] investment in motivating employees.[*] pushing weak offerings onto customers with heavy handed marketing[*] spending on "loyalty" schemes for better customer rentention[*] *compensating* strategy is the opposite of momentum strategy.[*] it can work to some degree, but it is not sustainable.[*] invest upstream instead of downstream!p 151 [*] satisfaction metrics are misleading and offer a false sense of security.[*] even worse, some firms don't measure customer satisfaction to begin with.[*] "disconnected from their customers, they cocoon themselves in a misplaced confidence based on their own selection of anecdotal, positively biased evidence"[*] top box ambition - measure the customers that were "very satisfied" -- delighted. This will provide an impetus for aiming higher.p 155 [*]  road to "vibrant satisfaction"156  mobilize employees for vibrant satisfaction[*] (1) make sure they trust the numbers and know how they are derived.[*] (2) make sure they understand that customer satisfaction is not a threating or controlling mechanism, but rather a tool for driving growth.[*] (3) inspire employees by details relevant to their experience instead of just aggregate results.160 [*] when a customer is dissatisfied, fix the problem at the source, where it has a very low marginal cost and has a high probability of success.[*] Fixing it later is extremely expensive and has much worse odds.[*] Problems are the true test of a firm's relationship with its customers!169 [*]  graph of average customer lifetime versus customer retention rate that "rockets" in the higher percentiles.[*] a small marginal improvement in the 90% range is extremely valuable.171 quality of rentention [*] passive rentention versus vibrant rentention. Consider facebook's percentage of total users who are active daily.[*] there is a discrepancy between customer "satisfaction" and rentention -- one does not always follow the other.[*] firms need to measure both quantity and quality of retention.176 [*]  how to get employees involved in retention.[*] pizzeria example. Average customer worth $5000 over lifetime. How do your actions influence this number?[*] $5000 can drop by half if retention rate falls from 90 to 80% and can rise to $10000 if increases to 95%.[*] these examples "strike the imagination and are a strong source of motivation"212 [*] a strong corporate culture is needed to turn momentum principles from "conscious procedures" into *reflex actions*![*] Consider HP's Rules of The Garage.218 [*] constrained behaviour -- employees are not the real self at work -- waste of time and energy![*] constrained initiative -- people feel they cannot follow through on great ideas that could create value for the firm.[*] something outside the set routine(1) too difficult to get the resources(2) they will not be rewarded(3) penalties in the case of failure are too high.[*]  waste of lost opportunities![*] "Do not create conditions that impel employees to be two different person at work and outside of work"[*] Let them be themselves.234 [*] five tips for managers(1) commit to value origination -- understand the customers, competitors and employees.(2) practice momentum concepts continuously with your contacts. Treat shareholders like customers(3) Have respect for people -- esp. employees. let them share in profit(4) Spend quality time with customers, employees and stakeholders. let managers work amongst employees(5) Be momentum consistent. Management must set example for employees.I would probably have rated the book 3 or 4 stars if the wasn't for the relevant, often fascinating case studies presented throughout. These really serve to illustrate the author's arguments well.
This book is the standard - a must own if you write code in C. While not a masterpiece in terms of its prose or style, it's got the facts, it's small, tight, and condensed. What more do you need in a reference book? Nothing.
This book is a powerful read and lets you see both sides of the story.  The book flip flops seamlessly though time.  It's hard to believe this is the author's first attempt at fiction...simply incredible.  You will not be able to put it down, I read the entire book in a 3 day weekend.
I'm not aware of a top copywriter that doesn't have a well worn copy of this great book on his/her desk.As a copywriter, Rich Bayan's Words That Sell and More Words That Sell are as valuable to me as the thesaurus.If I'm trying to brainstorm new ways to phrase something in my copy, all I need to do is flip through this book and I have thousands of power phrases and words to choose from.Can you write good copy without buying this book? Sure.But it will take you twice as long.
This book tells the tale of a future life where Americans have apparently lost a war and the entire lifestyle has changed.The story begins after the war and is told in the voice of a woman who is young (mid-30s) but old enough to remember times before (such as having had a husband and daughter).  This woman has become a handmaid.  A handmaid is a woman who is thought to be able to bear children.  During this time, men and women are rarely able to reproduce due to the chemicals they were exposed to during the war.The handmaid lives almost as a slave in a Commander's house where she is required to consummate the arrangement on certain days of the month. This is a robotic act for both the handmaid and the Commander, but the Commander's wife is involved as well.  The wife doesn't take the ceremony too well.The handmaid's lifestyle is still preferable to other woman, most of whom are sent to the "colonies" to linger until they die.The end of the book had a little twist, and the details were tied up nicely.  Definitely a book I would recommend.
Grisham departs from his usual genre to write a book with a strong sense of place and time (Arkansas, 1950s).  The events of a summer of cotton picking unfold gradually through the narration of young Luke Chandler.The author creates much the same feel that you get from Rawling's The Yearling, though this is not really a coming-of-age story.  As you sit on the porch listening to the Cardinals baseball game on the radio, you become one of the family in this book. You hear the local gossip, worry about the uncle in Korea, and feel the desperation of a struggling farm family about to lose their crop.The relationships and events become complex with the addition of the migrant Mexican workers, the hillbilly family and a varied neighbors and town folks.I'm not quite sure what the painting of the old house was supposed to signify, but the relationships held my attention as the story flowed and unfurled through the eyes of Luke.
"What the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve."In 1937, Napoleon Hill published his groundbreaking book "Think and Grow Rich". Today, this book continues to inspire and motivate millions of world-wide readers seeking success.Don Green shares the lessons that he has learned about success and the power of positive thinking in this autobiographical book. Mr. Green discovered the book "Think and Grow Rich" when he was in his twenties. He details Napoleon Hill's influence on his own success, growing up in rural Virginia and going on to become a bank CEO at just 41 years old. The author has been a life-long lover of books on success, including biographies, and has gained a great deal of knowledge from these readings.The principles of success do not change. When these principles are studied and applied, those who follow them can expect the same results that successful people have obtained.  But remember, you can't just think, dream, or wish for something to happen; you must take action!This book is a real gold mine of insight, inspiration and motivation. The author shares his own experiences and shares the life stories of many successful people who have influenced his career and his personal life.As a former librarian, I am especially impressed with Mr. Green's love of reading. Biographies are true lessons in life from which the reader can glean life-changing ideas and examples. Mr. Green includes an entire chapter in this book about how reading hundreds of inspirational stories, self-help books and biographies has inspired him to great levels of success. I have always been drawn to biographies and I felt a special connection with the author and his love of true-life books."Everything I Know About Success I Learned From Napoleon Hill"  is much more than a guide to achieving monetary success. This is a guide for successful living that will benefit all ages. If you read this book and apply the principles to your life, you will be greatly rewarded. The lessons presented in this book are an educational course for living life to the fullest. Highly recommended!
When I saw the title of 'Beating the Indexes' - I thought it must be another book where the author tries his/her own strategy of analyzing charts, fundamentals to come out with some theory.But as I read this book - it is about Convertible bonds - which earn interest on your investment, can be traded in the stock markets, but at the end of a tenure - turn into stocks.The author explains various aspects of how convertible bonds works, the strategy in pricing and divesting them.
I loved this book, it was from my time of working in hospitals in the 50s it brought back many memories and it was so true, it was hard work but very rewarding
A very difficult book to read.  One has to maintain full concentration for virtually every line.  Lots of unfamiliar vocabulary to contend with.  Unless you're a genius, and if you want to get the most from the book, you will have to plan on investing months of work to get through it.  Some may not think it's worth it.  I did.If nothing else, the book reminds us of humanity's essential defining moment:  the holocaust.
Okay, so there are no stories of trans-oceanic voyages on soap bars in this book; just needed a catchy rhyme for the title. But this fascinating seaman's yarn covers just about every other buoyant contrivance that went to sea, at least those twenty feet long or less. This limitation is my only slight quibble about the book. Although in the beginning some boats are covered which exceed the twenty-foot benchmark established by the author, it does seem a bit arbitrary. Why not include Josh Slocum's marvelous circumnavigation in a 37-footer that wasalready a century old when he obtained her? It should be noted that solo circumnavigations are covered by the 1974 book by Tod Holms (unfortunately long out of print and hard to obtain). That said, Longyard has provided a delightful compendium ofseamanship in Lillipution craft. Many might be written off aspublicity stunts and gimmicks, which they were. None could be duplicated by anyone other than the most intrepid and hardy sailor. Even then, the voyager turned up half dead, if he survived at all.This is not a dry technical manual on small boat seamanship, although there are a lot of nuggets for the sailor in the tales. Human interest predominates. There are tales of cruelty and chicanery as in the story of Voss's seagoing canoe, and those invoking great sympathy as in how Andrews enticed an advernturesome young New Jersey farm girl to join him in a transatlantic stunt which ended in the disappearance of both somewhere beneath the tempestuous waves. All in all, brisk anddelightful reading cover to cover.
I couldn't put this book down!! It was so awesome! I am only 16 years old and it was very easy for me to read!  The reference to baseball was great because I love that sport!  The ending leaves you where you NEED to find out about a character in the book!The Main Character Luke, grows up very fast after he sees things, my dad wouldn't even want to see!  He also has to keep a lot of secrets in which gets hard for him!Read this NOW!
Well researched, very applicable "cure".  A must read for anybody interested in solving the $2 Trillion problem.
Ian McEwan's "The Cement Garden" is the ultimate perversion, a tale of four siblings whose lives decend into incest and other vices. The subject matter is shocking, but as I read the book I found the events becoming obvious.Take the father, for instance. He's vile, stoic, and stubborn, and though there's no mention of his age, he comes across as a mean old man. The mother comes across as a weak-willed, emotionless middle-class British housewife, who gives her son the most inane warnins against masturbation and all the horrible things it does to you ("it takes a full pint of blood to replace it"). I knew from the get-go that both parents would die off quickly, since they are of such little consequence other than keeping up the apearance of a nuclear family. It came as no surprise that the children would hide the mother's body in the basement. Forget what she tells them about avoiding the orphanages; they seem to bury her in the basement as though they were casting her off. What do we dump in the basement? Here's some ideas; old furniture, old bikes, an old crib, the guitar you gave up, excess dishes, etc. The children dump the mother's corpse in the basement as though it were old furniture!With the parents dead, the children do the usual kid stuff; they go to school, read, watch TV. But they don't seem to have any friends, and no adults inhabit the landscape. We don't see the friendly old grocer, the wise old newsagent, the milkman, or any of the adults or businesses that inhabit the world. It seems as though their home is alone in a vast prairie of concrete.Left alone, the children engage in sexualized play that doesn't seem healthy. Julie, the oldest, indulges her 6 year old brother's infantilism and takes an older man as a boyfriend. Jack, the teenage boy, fantasizes (and eventualy has sex with) his older sister. Tom, the youngest boy, "experiments" with transvestism and degresses to infantilism. But there's another child, a 13 year old named Sue. She rarely figures in the book, spending most of her time alone. I wonder what she's thinking.Why does Tom want to dress like a girl and be treated as an infant? Does he want attention? His older sisters don't just give him girl's clothes; they actively dress him in them. Is he looking for the attention his mother never showed? Julie eventualy tires of Tom's demands for attention, but after all, she indulged it in the first place.I will not reveal the three events that take place at the end. But I will make the observation of the parents' influence (before they're quickly killed off). The mother tells Jack that masturbation can damage your health, but he learns from a teacher that it's natural. Has a burden been lifted off his head, or has he learned that vices have no drawbacks? If so, does he believe that other "perversions" are safe as well?
A key to evaluating this book is in the sub-title. It is a primer on the new field of evaluating credit. And the good thing is that it remains true to this primer concept throughout the book.Derivatives are among the newest of the financial instruments. They are far removed from the old traditional stocks and bonds, so even though this is a primer, don't expect to get by without learning a whole lot of new terms and acronyms. Here is discussion on total return swaps, credit spread options, credit linked notes, CDSs and CDOs. (See what I mean.)The intended audience for the book is the financial practitioner, either on the buying or the selling side. The subjects are covered in as basic a sense as possible without getting so simple or so complex as to be useless. As the book says: 'Simple, yet rigorous explanations: no credit derivatives experience necessary.' I'd add though that you'd best have some credit experience and be knowledgable with the various debt instruments that back derivatives. This is one of those subjects that the young folk coming out of MBA school are likely to have studied. We older folk have to use books like this one just to keep up with them.
Doesn't touch much on hygiene (only the last page) but that wasn't why I bought the book.  My 3 year old loves it, and even I learned a bit - the science was excellent.  The tone was just right, giving lots of information, not being "cutesy" yet explaining things clearly and concisely.  Sparked a trip to the library for more books about germs, and a Google search for "pictures of bacteria" and she wanted more information about microscopes etc.  Thoroughly recommended.
Before reading this book, I thought Facebook, Myspace and blogging were considered web 3.0. However after reading Tasner's book, Facebook and others are considered web 2.0. The difference being that Web 2.0 companies were about getting mass audiences whereas Web 3.0 is about customizing the experience for a particular individual. He says companies that target customers such as through their smartphone is the new wave of marketing. There are many Web 3.0 marketing techniques that he discusses such as Twitter or virtual worlds. The discussion on virtual worlds is pretty fascinating in that I did not know that you could buy land in these "virtual" worlds so as to create advertising space. However, I think the best part about the book is how to set up a virtual office through Google Apps. He walks through in great detail how he set up his virtual company Taz Solutions whereby everyone works from home. I am going to fully implement Google Apps using Tasner's recommendations. Actually I am going to implement quite a number of his recommendations except maybe the virtual worlds. Overall an exceptional book if you are looking to increase your sales or even trying to reduce your overhead by implementing Google Apps!
Great addition to the Flat Stanley collection.  Stanley really appeals more to 1st and 2nd Graders and children a little older who are reading at a lower level.  They are always intrigued about "being flat?"
Detailed, concise, with model portfolios and suggested funds. Sums up in one short book a wealth of knowledge.
Still have this book.  Use it all of the time.  Great reference for any student or office... so helpful !!!!
This book was recommended to me by multiple people, but I have been so busy with other readings and school that I had put it aside.  Well with the news that the book was being made into a mini-series I decided I better read it so I could discuss the finer parts with the TV watchers.I loved it as I was reading it&#8230;.but as I thought about it I found the flaws.  I am not so sure about reading the rest at this point.  I thought the story was amazing and a hot page turner.  As I was reading I didn&#8217;t think much about the fact that Jamie and Claire were almost mythical in their abilities, but now I think they were a bit over the top&#8230;.no one is that lucky or that strong&#8230;.really that was a bit hard to swallow after the fact &#8211; that is one reason I may not read another in this series.  I love characters that can take care of themselves, but come on they both should be dead several times over and over and over.....Claire is a strong women who is lucky- lucky &#8211; lucky that is for sure &#8211; of course if she did die that would be the end of the story&#8230;.I do like the fact that Jamie and her love is strong &#8211; more than the average bears to be sure.  The idea that Randall is so like her husband Frank is scary&#8230;I am not sure I would want to go back home after that experience....YUCK!!!!  But I would want to go back for indoor plumbing and warm showers.I would recommend this book to anyone- the sex is mild &#8211; the story is a bit wild &#8211; and the history is rich, interesting and well researched.  I love the idea that she is going to try and change history from destroying the Scotland she loves and the men she is tied to by marriage.  The author paints a vivid world for the reader to jump in and explore.  This is a page turner even with its length it will not take that long to read.
For me, just one reader, The Last Juror, stands out among all of John Grisham's novels as his very finest work.With The Last Juror, Grisham shows himself to be an author who has arrived at a point where he is able to pull it all together in a carefully developed, richly written story. The characters are introduced with great attention to detail and as a reader I was quickly drawn into the story and it's setting. The plot is strongly constructed and stays solid through the story's end. Each character is unusual and interesting enough to grow quickly interested in them; some even begin to feel like old friends by the end. The setting is nicely depicted and Grisham's prose really comes across with a sense of what it might be like to be in Clanton, Mississippi during the events of this story.At one level, The Last Juror is a story that revolves around the brutal rape and murder of one of Clanton, Mississippi's widows and the trial of the man accused. Yet, moreover, this is a story of a town, its history and traditions, its newspaper and of some of the local citizenry. Narrated by Willie Traynor, the young new owner (and outsider) of the town's newspaper, Grisham conveys some touching stories of Traynor's own development from a lackluster college dropout to a highly moral newspaper publisher. He weaves in some of the historical and present day tension between the black and the communities of Clanton, tells some of the story of the town's efforts to muddle through integration and richly communicates the story of one tremendously influential African American role model in the community. And, he does all this without being ponderous. The Last Juror while dealing with a sad incident has a real sense of personality and even a bit of comedy about it.From my perspective The Last Juror has some of the same rich feel of a novel I have long had great appreciation for, Staggerford, written by Jon Hassler. While Hassler wasn't a mystery writer, and his setting was Northern Minnesota and not the Deep South, the rich and complex writing about one town and it's goings on, has much the same feel.Kudos to Grisham on this one!Highly Recommended!Daniel J. MaloneySaint Paul, Minnesota USA
Most of us can't help avoiding the yearly Christmas frenzy.  Although we dream about coming into the holiday season with calm serenity, invariably we are caught up in the endless sea of parties, Christmas shopping, gift wrapping, and decorating.  What if our dreams for a quiet holiday actually became a reality?That's what happens to Luther and Nora Krank.  After sending their daughter, Blair, off to the Peace Corps, the couple realizes there is no longer the need to put on a big Christmas extravaganza!  They refuse to put up a Christmas tree and theirs is the only house on Hemlock Street without a lighted plastic snowman precariously clinging to the front of their chimney.  This year, there will be no Christmas Eve party at the Krank household, either.  Even buying gifts is put on the back burner.  In place of their typical Christmas traditions, Luther books a Caribbean cruise for his wife and himself.However, the Kranks' plans suddenly go awry when Blair surprises her parents by returning to the states - and with a fianc&eacute; doctor in tow, too!Frantically, Nora Krank attempts to assemble a delicious Christmas dinner out of basically nothing and manages to come up with little better than smoked trout.  Luther pleads with his neighbor to borrow their Christmas tree while they're out of town and nearly slides off the roof attempting to wrestle the plastic Frosty onto his slippery roof.Nevertheless, the true Christmas spirit is revealed when Luther decides to donate the tickets for their Christmas cruise to his neighbor and wife, who is dying of cancer.  Despite their differences, the Kranks' neighbors ban together to help assemble a Christmas Blair will be proud of.We are a part of our traditions and they define us in a thousand tiny ways.  In shedding them, we lose a little of ourselves.  By celebrating and remembering them, however, we achieve everything we ever wanted.
Consolidation, Virtualization, Service Oriented Infrastructure.This book digs deep down into the subject of private cloud computing.Next Generation IT TrendsNext Generation Data Center Architecture and TechnologiesNext Generation WAN and Service IntegrationBranch Consolidation and WAN OptimizationSession Interception Design and DeploymentWAN Optimization in the Private CloudSAN Extentions and IP StorageCloud Infrastructure as a ServiceCase StudiesThere are lots of common sense diagrams and explanations to go along with them that make this very easy to understand.  It's a common sense approach to something that can be very complicated.  This makes sense if you're in IT and want to move to the Cloud.Excellent coverage of this new (well not so new) concept!
Concise, positive, practical and insightful...all are apt adjectives for Finney's book. Having been a Fortune 1000 product manager and program manager for many years, I was forever nodding my head in agreement, yet finding plenty of meaty content. Unlike so much management prose that can only be described as repetitious drivel, the 'truths' provide solid how to advice that assumes the reader already has a brain and a conscience. Further, the organization is excellent for the time-crunched.  Each 'truth' gets 2-3 pages of intense discussion, allowing for on-the-go reading. Recommended!
My son is just learning to read and really loves the Biscuit series of books. Highly recommend!
ConclusionThe book present the real facts of all recalls issue that Toyota had experienced. The book is a good source for Toyota crises issues and there is a big effort made to present this book with all of these data.There are some lessons to learn from these challenges for every industrial company.Sometimes I found some words useless (for me) and you have to read too much to reach the idea that the book is bringing. Some information are also available between lines. Although reading this book is quite interesting, but sometimes it is not!
This book and a bug box and you're set for the summer.  My son often asks for this book.
Answers many questions that I've asked myself over the years.  As I was reading, I came across so many examples that I couldn't wait to share with friends and colleagues.  Fascinating, engaging and extremely well written, it will provide crucial insights for those who teach, sell, or just want to have a better way to persuade someone to see another side of the issue.
Kindle has done a great service transcribing this most important historical (and entertaining) book of the 20th century. But the optical reader transcription was never edited by a human. On nearly every page are silly errors like "arc" for "are", or "entainmemt," or "fee" for "the," and so forth. Why skimp on such an important work?
The main characters of this trilogy are now questioning what lies outside and who is really governing their lives within the silo. Some of the answers to these questions become clearer. Pure fiction but I enjoyed the entertainment.
I lost my copy of it somewhere through the years, and I was very excited to see I could purchase it from Amazon Kindle.  I remembered very little of it, but knew that much of it was dedicated to her search for truth through metaphysics.  I wanted to re-read it many years ago, and took advantage of the opportunity to purchase and read it again anew.  Personally I don't know that I agree with much of what she has to say.  She does make some sweeping generalizations about the founding fathers as well as other historical figures and claims they believed many of the same metaphysical &#34;truths&#34; that she was learning about.Still I found myself being pulled from page to page as I traveled down her autobiographical road and hated to put it down so I could go to sleep.  While i personally found the story of her affair with Gerry, a married British politician, less than intriguing, I found her insights into such things as reincarnation and the eternal life of the soul fascinating.  While I can't see myself changing my mind and moving from being a Catholic Christian to something more metaphysically minded, Out on a Limb did inspire to learn more about metaphysics just for my own edification.
This is a great book!  It read like a detective story combined with farce.  Harris who later became a succesful novelist has done a terrific job of investigative reporting in uncovering this ridiculous scandal which should never have happened.  And there's plenty of blame to go around.  We meet gullible Nazi wannabes, greedy businessmen, & pompous academics.  the story is so entertaining but also contains important lessons in human nature.  Beware of what you want to believe!
In this time of moral relativity where the end justifies all means available, this book points out the opposite, increasingly, less-traveled path in today's society.  We all need to make better choices or suffer the consequences of a declining society. Notice the &#34;NEVER&#34; is in red!
Nothing I can say can do justice to how incredible this book was and how much sheer joy I felt every time I had a spare moment to pick it up again! It is exquisitely written, like a delicate balancing act of beautiful words, perfect references and amazingly well- developed characters. As you can tell, I just loved this book!This is a 650 page novel yet there are only a handful of characters to speak of. The six that make up the Classics group- Richard (protagonist), Henry, Charles and Camilla, Francis and Bunny- are the main focus of the novel and it rarely deviates from them. I can't quite grasp just how Donna Tartt made me feel so much about these people who are so flawed, and how I was so nervous about their fate when, really, they are ridiculous. In a 'Lord of the Flies' type way, they have that group dynamic which spurs them to do something completely horrifying but which they justify with a group mentality. What shocked me most was how I was completely on their side, I was willing them to do what they did, willing Richard to make that inevitable and fateful phone call, I cared about them too much, these drunken aloof intellectuals, to let everyone else discover the horrible truth.The aftermath of what they have done is the most gripping and exquisite account I have ever read of its type. No stereotypical female character reactions here, no hysterics, no typical male reactions, no crude pinning it on each other or punch ups. Just genuine, raw fear coupled with a cold-hearted reasoning which I think must be essential for the believable lie. At one point Richard even says something along the lines of 'If this were a movie we would all be acting really suspiciously'. This epitomises what this book does differently; it takes away that element of 'this is how people usually react in films and books' and instead bases it on what you can actually imagine real people doing, what you yourself would do, which really gets under your skin. The group are paralysed and immobilised by what they have done; not by the horror or the guilt or anything so crude and obvious; just be the sheer psychological inability to detach yourself from something you thought would be easy.Oh, and I loved all the ancient Greek in here as well- it made me feel clever and want to read Dante and all sorts of ideas above my station :-)
Sitting on the privileged chair of PM for Al-Waleed, Townson distills an entire novel framework for applying value investing through a more structured form. Borrowing from his engineering background the ability to transform wordy descriptions of concepts such as &#34;margin of safety&#34; and &#34;earnings power value&#34; in simple equations, it adds clarity and methodology even to the most knowledgeable reader.Contrary to other readers, I do believe these concepts can be applied to by small investors - as long as they have strong interest for following global markets and drilling down on company specific competitive advantages.
